          COVER STORY


Enduring Commitment
TRANSFORMATIVE IMPACT
       A water droplet, minute yet unrelenting.
       It falls, again and again — silent but ceaseless.
       Each ripple breaks barriers;
       Every groove etches resilience.
       Patience in waiting; power amassed in stillness.

       With 27 years in cross-border asset management,
       CEL masters resilience and focus — transforming
       time into expertise, challenges into growth. Like
       water droplet, we nurture patient capital, persisting
       through challenges to carve pathways where others
       see obstacles — proving that time, grit, and purpose
       transform persistence into legacy.
TABLE OF CONTENTS


6                                    8                                    12
Company Overview                     2024 Business                        2024 Review
                                     Development Highlights




18                                   22                                   38
Chairman’s                           Management Discussion                Corporate Governance
Statement                            and Analysis                         Report




66                                   75                                   87
Risk Management                      Directors’ Report                    Directors and
Report                                                                    Senior Management




FINANCIAL SECTION
92    Independent Auditor’s Report                       102   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

97    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss           103   Notes to the Financial Statements

98    Consolidated Statement of                          186   Financial Summary
      Comprehensive Income                               187   Particulars of Major Properties
99    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position       188   Corporate Information
101   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
INNOVATING TO
BREAK THROUGH
CEL leverages its forward-looking strategic
framework and robust cross-cycle strength
to solidify the foundation for high-quality
development, showcasing the remarkable
resilience of innovative growth.
ENDURING
SUCCESS
CEL prioritizes innovative productive forces
while actively nurturing patient capital. With
over 27 years of cross-border asset management
expertise, we are dedicated to consistently
delivering long-term value for our shareholders
and investors.
    COMPANY OVERVIEW



     China Everbright Limited (stock code: 165.HK) (“CEL” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries,
     collectively the “Group”) is a leading cross-border asset management and private equity investment
     company in China, and a listed company in Hong Kong with management and investment of private
     funds as the core business. With more than 27 years of experience in cross-border asset management
     and private equity investment, CEL has been assessed as one of the top PE firms in China several times.
     China Everbright Group Ltd. (“Everbright Group”), the largest shareholder of the Company, indirectly holds
     49.74% of the shares of CEL.


     For Fund Management Business, as at 31 December 2024, total assets under management (“AUM”)1 of
     CEL reached approximately HK$117.4 billion, with 71 funds. By forming a rich asset management product
     line covering primary market funds, secondary market funds, FoFs, S funds, etc., CEL has nurtured many
     promising enterprises with high growth potential alongside with investors. CEL fully capitalised its role as
     a cross-border investment platform to support strategic emerging industries, prospective industries and
     scientific and technological innovation, foster new quality productivity and contribute to the development
     of the real economy.


     For Principal Investments Business, CEL has nurtured China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited
     (“CALC”), the largest independent aircraft operating lessor in China; nurtured China Everbright Senior
     Healthcare Company Limited (“Everbright Senior Healthcare”), a renowned senior healthcare industrial
     group in China with consolidating multiple mid-to-high-end senior healthcare enterprises; and invested in
     Terminus Technology Co., Ltd. (“Terminus”) in the artificial intelligence and Internet of Things (“AIoT”)
     industry. CEL also invests in financial assets to achieve a balanced return and liquidity in its Principal
     Investments in due course. In addition, the Company holds a portion of the equity interests of China
     Everbright Bank Company Limited (“China Everbright Bank”) and Everbright Securities Company Limited
     (“Everbright Securities”) as Cornerstone Investments.


     1
          Total assets under management refer to the committed capital of fund investors (including CEL as an investor) for primary market
          funds and FoFs, and refers to the net worth of funds for secondary market investments.




6
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024




                                                             49.74%




      FUND MANAGEMENT BUSINESS                                    PRINCIPAL INVESTMENTS BUSINESS

  PRIMARY            SECONDARY              FUND OF                KEY
                                                                                    FINANCIAL             CORNERSTONE
   MARKET              MARKET                FUNDS              INVESTEE
                                                                                   INVESTMENTS             INVESTMENTS
INVESTMENTS         INVESTMENTS           INVESTMENTS          COMPANIES


  Fund products including primary market funds (including        Key Investee Companies: focusing on aircraft full life-cycle
  real estate private funds under EBA Investments),              services, senior healthcare management, and AIoT
  secondary market funds and FoFs

                                                                 Financial Investments: financial investments in equity,
  Invests in both domestic and overseas markets, including       debts, and structured products
  USD and RMB-denominated products

                                                                 Cornerstone Investments: a portion of the equity interests
  AUM amounting to approximately HK$117.4 billion, of            in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities
  which seed capital committed by CEL accounts for
  approximately 28.5%, with an amount of approximately
  HK$33.5 billion                                                The scale of the Principal Investments Business amounting
                                                                 to approximately HK$31.9 billion




                                                                                                                                7
    2024 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT HIGHLIGHTS


    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS IN 2024
    In 2024, although the policy synergies helped propel China’s economy toward general stability and structural optimisation,
    challenges such as insufficient effective demand, weak social expectations and structural adjustment persisted. During the
    reporting period, generally unfavourable conditions in the primary market and the volatility of the real estate sector caused
    some projects to record unsatisfactory results and encounter difficulty in exit. Our results are affected by the relatively large
    unrealised investment loss recorded during the reporting period. Nevertheless, the Company managed to maintain positive
    cash inflow from operating activities and investing activities due to the stable operation of our core business and our effective
    measures in enhancing cost control. During the reporting period, CEL proactively adopted a series of initiatives to cope with
    various challenges posed by the market and coordinated transformation and development, seizing the opportunities arising
    from the gradually recovering capital market, enabling the Group to focus on increasing revenue and controlling cost, thereby
    successfully turning around certain business segments from the loss position in the first half of the year. Furthermore, certain
    core indexes have shown improvements, achieving the anticipated operating quality.

    Committed to cultivating our major business to achieve steady development. During the reporting period, focusing on
    Fund Management Business, we successfully established CEL Liaoning Fund (光控遼寧基金) (RMB700 million) and CEL
    Ganzhou Guohui Industrial Development Fund (光控贛州國惠產業發展基金) (RMB400 million). We also completed investments
    in, amongst others, Xiaomi Industry Fund (小米產業基金), Hongjun Microelectronics (鴻鈞微電子), Yizhuang Automobile Fund
    (亦莊汽車基金), supporting the growth of domestic industries such as Artificial Intelligence (AI) computing infrastructure,
    semiconductor, electronic equipment, domestic new energy vehicles, and automated driving. Our secondary market funds
    promptly seized opportunities presented by market recovery, yielding satisfactory results with substantial increase in income.
    In particular, Everbright Convertible Opportunities Fund recorded an annual net return rate of 19.64%. Regarding exit, we
    completed exit such as Shuyi Tealicious (書亦燒仙草), Liaoji Food (廖記食品) and JD Logistics (京東物流). The total exit amount
    of funds and principal investments exceeded HK$3.8 billion, with a multiple on invested capital (MOIC) of 1.54 times. During the
    reporting period, our Principal Investments Business has managed to reverse losses while one of our Key Investee Companies,
    Terminus, filed a listing application with HKEx. Our cornerstone investments have performed well and provided stable income
    for the Company.




8
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Optimise operation and management through reform and innovation. During the reporting period, the Company achieved
remarkable results in reducing costs and increasing efficiency. We had been actively replacing existing loans, optimising
debt maturity and currency structure, which resulted in reduction of financial expenses by over HK$300 million compared to
the previous year, and successfully lowered the leverage ratio by nearly 3% compared to the end of the previous year. By
refining cost control measures, operating costs were reduced by more than 9%. At the same time, we actively promoted the
classification of risky assets, strengthened valuation management and implemented rigid risk monitoring. Further, we continued
to establish and improve our risk prevention mechanism, maintaining proper daily monitoring of the risks associated with
invested projects, and developed a new risk mechanism to monitor, alert and address risks in a timely manner. The Company
attaches great importance to ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) initiatives. During the reporting period, the Company
attained an A grade in MSCI ESG rating, marking our third successive ascension.

Develop forward-looking strategies to guide actions. During the reporting period, the Company overcame difficulties and
was calmly responding to challenges, adhering to our general principal of seeking progress in stability, accurately and effectively
capitalising on favourable incremental policies and fully leveraging our strengths to increase investment returns. We proactively
developed a “15th Five-Year” strategic plan (“十五五”戰略規劃) according to the guidance of the “Executive Meeting of State
Council” (國常會) and the “17 Provisions on Policy for Promoting Venture Capital Development” (創投十七條). Leveraging
on our advantages as a cross-border platform, in synergistic collaboration, and with state-owned background, we formulated
strategic plans aimed at enhancing the Company’s intrinsic value in key industries and strategic regions. At the same time,
we strengthened our presence in Hong Kong through partnering with the city’s industrial parks and six universities to promote
the construction of the Everbright Hong Kong Innovation Centre, while contributing to cultivation and incubation of local
technological ventures, assisting domestic enterprises from mainland China in expanding overseas, and reinforcing our brand
influences.

A summary of the Group’s medium-term note issuance in 2024 is as follows:

 Bond abbreviation                 Date of issuance         Size of issuance    Use of proceeds

 24 Everbright Limited MTN002      May 2024                   RMB4.5 billion    Repayment of domestic maturing medium-term
                                                                                notes and corporate bonds, net of underwriting
                                                                                fees.

 24 Everbright Limited MTN001      March 2024                 RMB4.0 billion    Repayment of foreign bank loans and domestic
                                                                                medium-term notes, net of underwriting fees.




                                                                                                                                      9
     2024 Business Development Highlights | Continued




                                                         INCOME FROM CONTRACTS
     TOTAL AMOUNT OF INCOME                              WITH CUSTOMERS
     (HK$ hundred million)                               (HK$ hundred million)


                     59.85
          55.92

                                                                                 8.43
                                                                                        7.92

                                                                         6.59
                                       16.61
                                                              5.40
                                                3.44
                                                                                               4.07




                             (44.84)

          2020       2021    2022      2023     2024          2020       2021    2022   2023   2024




     (LOSS)/INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS
     (HK$ hundred million)




          43.38      43.15




                                       (4.89)
                                                (0.54)




                             (58.86)

          2020       2021     2022     2023     2024




10
                                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




BASIC (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE                                               GEARING RATIO#
(HK$)                                                                         (%)

                                                                                                                         95%      92%
        1.34         1.53                                                                                     86.9%


                                                                                                68.4%
                                                                                    63.9%


                                               (1.14)      (1.13)




                                 (4.42)

        2020        2021         2022          2023         2024                    2020         2021          2022      2023     2024




(LOSS)/PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO                                                 TOTAL EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO
SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY                                                   SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
(HK$ hundred million)                                                         (HK$ hundred million)


                    25.73
        22.64                                                                                    469.36
                                                                                    454.37


                                                                                                              344.89
                                                                                                                         309.90   297.27
                                              (19.23)      (19.09)




                                 (74.43)
        2020        2021          2022         2023         2024                     2020         2021          2022     2023     2024




Note:
#
        It is calculated as interest-bearing debt (including bank loans + notes payable + bonds payable)/total equity.



                                                                                                                                              11
     2024 REVIEW


     BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT


        In 2024, CEL, in performing its role as a Hong
        Kong-based Chinese financial enterprise,
        proactively catered for the national strategy,
        focused on new quality productivity in business
        operation and made steady progress in
        operation and development.




          Convened the 2024 CEL Work Conference and committed to achieving ground-breaking
          high-quality development.




                                                                 Capital structure is optimised on an ongoing basis
                                                                 with the successful issuance of two tranches of
                                                                 the medium-term notes of RMB8.5 billion in total
                                                                 size.




12
                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Recognised by world-class university foundations,
CEL was selected as one of the first batch of
potential partners of the Entrepreneurship Engine
Fund of the University of Hong Kong and secured
investment commitments, becoming the only central
state-owned enterprise fund manager included.




        CEL held talks with Fortune Venture Capital with an aim to further strengthen exchanges
        and cooperation, actively explore development trends in hard-tech, advanced manufacturing,
        and renewable energy sectors, cultivate new quality productivity and facilitate high-quality
        economic development.




                                                      CEL held talks with Guangzhou Municipal Science and
                                                      Technology Bureau to exchange their views in further
                                                      consolidating the collaboration in Guangzhou Fund
                                                      of Funds, the investment in new quality productivity
                                                      and the support provided to the youth innovation
                                                      and entrepreneurship in Guangzhou, Hong Kong and
                                                      Macao.




CEL, China Everbright Bank Xiamen Branch and
Xiamen Torch Group entered into a cooperation
agreement in connection with the Xiamen Torch
Guangyu Marine Hi-Tech Industry Development
Equity Investment Fund (厦門火炬光煜海洋高新
 業發展股權投資基金) (tentative name).




                                                                                                               13
     2024 REVIEW | Continued




     SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



                 During the Spring Festival, CEL held the “Dragon
                 Lantern Blessing Charity Walk” (龍燈送祝福公益行)
                 event in Beijing and Hong Kong.




                                                        During the May 4th Youth Day, CEL held youth festival
                                                        volunteer service activities of “Tree Protection” and
                                                        “Environmental Protection Again” in Beijing and Hong
                                                        Kong respectively. The Company’s young employees
                                                        continued to participate in social welfare undertakings
                                                        and serve the society with practical actions.




                 CEL actively supports the Hong Kong SAR
                 government’s “Strive and Rise Programme” and
                 holds a simulated flight experience event called
                 “Strive and Rise Programme — Dream Flight,
                 Soaring Wings”.




                                                           CEL organized a visit for Hong Kong employees to
                                                           the National Security Exhibition Hall to strengthen
                                                           patriotism education, enhance national security
                                                           awareness and the sense of responsibility in
                                                           safeguarding national security.




14
                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024




                                                           CEL organized the Shine Hong Kong — Mid-
                                                           Autumn Festival “Food Angel” charity event to
                                                           send greetings and care to the elderly living alone
                                                           during the festive season.




CEL initiated the “Shine Campus”
education public welfare project and
organized the first “Shine Campus”
financial knowledge public welfare
seminar at Pui Kiu Middle School in
Hong Kong to help build Hong Kong
as an international financial center.




            CEL invited Hong Kong youths to watch a folk-dance performance to promote the excellent
            traditional Chinese culture and enhance the national identity and cultural confidence of Hong Kong
            youths.




                                                            CEL strongly supports the rodent prevention and
                                                            control program in Wan Chai District, Hong Kong,
                                                            by launching the “Rat Control Mission” (鼠擋防衛
                                                            戰) of “Rat Eradication 2.0” (《消鼠奇兵2.0》), and
                                                            has long been committed to community assistance
                                                            to respond to Hong Kong’s community needs.




                                                                                                                 15
     2024 REVIEW | Continued




     AWARDS AND HONORS IN 2024


         In 2024, CEL and its professional funds won a number
         of prestigious industry awards and honors, and its
         cross-border asset management and investment
         capabilities were highly recognized by the industry.



     Company awards


            CEL’s MSCI ESG rating has
            continuously jumped to A level
                                                                   CEL has been named among
                                                                   the “ Top 30 Best Private
                                                                   Equity Investment Institutions
                                                                   in Guangdong-Hong Kong-
                                                                   Macau Greater Bay Area “ for six
                                                                   consecutive years




                           CEL won the “ESG Asset Management
                           Pioneer Award” at the CCXGFI and Hong
                           Kong ESG Reporting Awards




            CEL was awarded the “TOP50
            Influential PE Investment
            Institutions in China“ and
            the “Top 50 China Most                                              CEL was awarded the
            Influential State-owned                                             “China Best State-
            investment institutions” in                                         owned investment
            the Golden Investment Prize                                         institutions TOP100”
            of China Venture Capital
            Institute




16
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Professional Fund Awards
CEL Fund-of-Funds
                                                                              Awarded the “TOP20 Best Market-
                                                                              oriented FoFs in China “ for 2023-2024
       Awarded the “Best State-owned                                          by Chinese Venture
       Market-oriented FoFs TOP13 in
       2024” by China-fof.com




             Awarded the “2024 China’s Top 30 Influential Limited Partners”
             by China Venture Capital Research Institute




       Awarded FOFWEEKLY’s “Top 20
       Soft Power Ranking of New Quality                                       Everbright Convertible Opportunities
       Productivity Investment Institutions                                    Fund was rated “No. 1 in Fixed Income
       — Financial Institutions 2024”                                          Convertible Bond Fund Performance in
                                                                               2023” by BarclayHedge




                                  China Everbright                             Everbright Income
                                  Assets Management                            Focus Fund won the
                                  Limited. won the “Bond                       “Best Return Product
                                  Underwriting and Trading                     of the Year” award
                                  Active Participation in                      from the Chinese
                                  Overseas Institutions”                       Asset Management
                                  award from Shenzhen                          Association of Hong
                                  Stock Exchange                               Kong




Corporate Social Responsibility & Human Resources


                    CEL has been rated as a “Happy Company “ by the                            CEL    has    been
                    Chinese Manufacturer’s Association of Hong Kong and                        awarded the title
                    Promoting Happinness Index Foundation for 10 consecutive                   of “Breastfeeding
                    years, and was awarded the “Happy Company 10+” Logo                        Friendly Workplace”
                                                                                               by UNICEF for three
                                                                                               consecutive years


       CEL won the “Joyful@healthy Workplace Award
       (Corporate/Organization Category) — Outstanding
       Organization Award” jointly awarded by the Hong
       Kong Department of Health, Labor Department and
       Occupational Safety and Health Council




                                                                                                                        17
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




               Deepen reforms for transformation
                Persevere for sustained growth




     2024 was a critical year for achieving the goals and tasks of
     the “14th Five-Year Plan”. The international situation was
                                                                       STRENGTHENING THE FOUNDATION TO FOCUS ON
     complex and domestic reform tasks were challenging. In the        THE MAIN BUSINESS OF ASSET MANAGEMENT
     face of multiple internal and external challenges, the domestic
                                                                       Despite the complex macroeconomic and industry situation,
     economy has demonstrated strong resilience, achieving
                                                                       the Company has closely followed national policy guidelines
     not only reasonable quantitative growth, but also effective
                                                                       with a focus on its main responsibilities and businesses,
     qualitative improvements. New quality productive forces
                                                                       actively participating in the selection of government
     have developed steadily with high-quality development being
                                                                       investment fund managers. It successfully established CEL
     advanced solidly.
                                                                       Liaoning Fund (光控遼寧基金) and CEL Ganzhou Guohui
                                                                       Industrial Development Fund (光控贛州國惠產業發展基金),
     For CEL, 2024 was an extraordinary year. In the face of the
                                                                       while several funds in cooperation with local governments
     complex external environment, the Company’s management
                                                                       have made positive progress. Liaoning Smart Manufacturing
     has led the team to stay united, under the guidance of
                                                                       Industry Investment Fund (遼寧智能製造產業投資基金) is
     Everbright Group, focused on the main business, deepen
                                                                       the first QFLP (Qualified Foreign Limited Partner) fund in
     reforms, and balance stability with development, achieving
                                                                       Northeast China, which aims to strengthen cooperation
     positive results and further strengthening the foundation for
                                                                       between central and local governments, promote integrated
     the Company’s high-quality development.
                                                                       development of central and local governments, and contribute
                                                                       to the overall revitalization of Northeast China.




18
                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Guided by the “Five Major Financial Initiatives”, the Company
is committed to serving the high-quality development of the
                                                                OPTIMISING OPERATIONS TO ENHANCE
real economy. It actively responds to the policy guidance       MANAGEMENT QUALITY AND EFFICIENCY
of making early and small size investments, with a long-
                                                                The Company coordinates its transformation and
term focus on hard technologies. During the year, the
                                                                development, optimises resource allocation, and injects
Company completed investments in multiple new quality
                                                                impetus into new business development. On the one
productive forces projects such as Xiaomi Industry Fund (小
                                                                hand, it actively implements “cost control and efficiency
米產業基金), Hongjun Microelectronics (鴻鈞微電子) and
                                                                improvement”. By replacing existing loans, optimising
Yizhuang Automobile Fund (亦莊汽車基金). At the same
                                                                debt maturity and currency structure, the Company has
time, the secondary market team has actively seized market
                                                                successfully reduced leverage and financing costs. At
opportunities, achieved good investment returns, won a
                                                                the same time, it has streamlined the organizational
number of authoritative industry awards, and continued to
                                                                structure, optimised business processes, strengthened
gain industry recognition.
                                                                budget management, improved procurement control, and
                                                                implemented refined management, continuously enhancing
Focusing on serving the real economy and national regional
                                                                management quality and efficiency. On the other hand,
strategies, the Company has fulfilled its role as a central
                                                                the Company has strengthened talent cultivation and team
financial institution, leveraging its professional advantages
                                                                building. Focusing on talent team building and upgrading the
to optimise its project investment layout and reserves. The
                                                                management mechanism, it has shaped a corporate culture
investment scale in green industries, technology industries
                                                                with its values, deepened the communication mechanism
and private enterprises continues to grow. It also supports
                                                                and strengthened employee care. Encouraging learning
the “Belt and Road” initiative, and assists the overseas
                                                                and innovation, the Company has explored and optimised
expansion of COMAC C909 aircraft, while continuing to
                                                                its incentive and discipline mechanism, appraisal system
strengthen its development in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-
                                                                and follow-up investment mechanism. By leveraging the
Macao Greater Bay Area, where the Zhuhai Hengqin project
                                                                exemplary role of appraisal and incentives, the Company fully
is being conducted in an orderly manner.
                                                                motivates its employees to be more proactive and engaged.




                                                                                                                                19
     Chairman’s Statement | Continued




     PLANNING DEVELOPMENT STRATEGIES WITH                            STAYING TRUE TO OUR ASPIRATIONS IN
     CLEAR POSITIONING                                               FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
     The Company has thoroughly implemented the central              In 2024, guided by President Xi Jinping’s important speeches
     government’s directives on financial and economic work,         and instructions on the “One Country, Two Systems” policy
     as well as the strategic plan of Everbright Group. It has       and Hong Kong affairs, the Company has strengthened the
     further reaffirmed the strategic position to focus on cross-    coordination and planning of its social responsibility efforts in
     border investment and asset management, streamlined its         Hong Kong. Firstly, we have actively contributed to building
     development approach, and formulated strategic optimisation     the “Bright+” (光彩+) brand to better coordinate and manage
     measures along with a list of negative developments. Firstly,   our social responsibility efforts in Hong Kong, participating
     we have reaffirmed our key business areas and strictly          in a wide range of public welfare services in areas such
     adhered to national strategic guidelines. By fully leveraging   as “community care”, “cultural services”, “innovative
     our advantages in cross-border platform and state-owned         technology”, “ecological and environmental protection”,
     background, we have actively participated in the selection of   and “labour fraternity and cohesion programme”. Secondly,
     government investment fund managers, thereby expanding          we dedicated “everything CEL has” to serve “what the
     our involvement and presence in venture capital funds and       community needs”, with a focus on young people and
     enhancing our ability to raise long-term, patient capital.      disadvantaged groups in Hong Kong. We made every effort to
     These efforts have improved the quality and effectiveness       carry out social responsibility projects that support education,
     of our services for the real economy. Secondly, we have         promote traditional Chinese culture and art, and show care
     strengthened business synergies by advancing national key       for the elderly. Staying true to the core values of CEL, we
     regional development strategies, actively engaging with         have contributed to the development of the grassroots
     local governments to strongly support the construction of       communities in Hong Kong through various initiatives. These
     Everbright Group’s regional synergic mechanism. Thirdly,        include sending warmth to elderly residents in nursing
     we have boosted our brand influence by actively promoting       homes, delivering festive “fortune gifts” to grassroots
     the implementation of key fund projects. This has increased     communities, the “Strive and Rise” programme, and the
     the paid-in capital of the funds, improved their market         “Hong Kong．Under the Blessing of Dragon Lanterns — a
     competitiveness, and strengthened the Company’s influence       Charity Walk Event” (香港．龍燈送祝福公益行). Thirdly, in the
     and brand value.                                                area of sustainability advocacy, we have optimised our ESG
                                                                     working mechanism with a clearer and more refined division
                                                                     of responsibilities. In 2024, the Company’s MSCI ESG
                                                                     rating surged from last year’s BBB to A, marking our third
                                                                     consecutive upgrade in three years.




20
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2025 not only marks the conclusion of the “14th Five-Year        Looking ahead, with the gradual optimisation of the industry
Plan” but also serves as a critical year for CEL to deepen       ecosystem, the Company will encounter new opportunities
reforms and transition into high-quality development. As a       to enhance its core competitiveness. Driven by a stronger
cross-border asset management company that has grown             sense of commitment, we will continue to deepen reforms,
alongside Hong Kong since its return to the motherland and       facilitating transformation through reforms. We will also
is focused on long-term development, CEL will leverage its       strengthen cohesion and inspire a proactive, ambitious
cross-border advantages and local resources to continue          and enterprising spirit across our workplaces, laying a
optimising its business. Focusing on “fundraising, investment,   solid foundation for the Company’s stable and long-term
management, exit and transfer”, we are committed to              development, while propelling it to new heights in its journey
achieving continuous improvement in the Company’s                into the new era. On behalf of the management of the
core competitiveness. Furthermore, we will adhere to the         Company, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to
overarching principle of seeking progress in stability and       all shareholders, employees and partners. In the future, we
dedicate all our efforts to put our thoughts into practice to    will stay true to our aspirations and forge ahead with an open
make bold progress and positive impacts on the community.        mindset and more pragmatic actions. We will embrace new
Together with all sectors of society, we will overcome           opportunities and tackle new challenges through proactively
every hurdle on the path of reform and advance high-quality      deepening reforms, continuing to create greater value for our
development solidly.                                             shareholders.




                                                                 Yu Fachang
                                                                 Chairman
                                                                 27 March 2025




                                                                                                                                  21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS




             In 2024, the company maintained strategic focus,
           anchored its goals in high-quality development, and
         leveraged its core business as the central pillar, leading
          to improved operational efficiency. On one hand, we
        proactively seized opportunities arising from industrial
          transformation by strategically entering cutting-edge
        fields such as Artificial Intelligence and semiconductors.
            Through innovation-driven growth and industrial
            synergy, we further strengthened our core business
             operations. On the other hand, we deepened lean
             management practices, optimizing debt structures
             and resource allocation to achieve comprehensive
          operational enhancements. Throughout the year, the
        company made progress in structural optimization and
        efficiency improvements, reinforcing a more sustainable
                          development trajectory.




22
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024




REVIEW AND ANALYSIS
Macro-economic and Industry Review
Despite numerous uncertainties in 2024, the world showed resilience in economic growth as inflation cooled down and the
monetary policy of major economies became more accommodative. According to the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”)
and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”), global GDP growth is projected to be 3.2% in
2024, the same as in 2023. Following a strong start in the first quarter of 2024, China’s economic growth slowed in the second
and third quarters. In September, the Political Bureau of the Central Committee actively implemented a basket of policies to
stabilise growth, including incremental measures such as monetary easing, reducing hidden debt, boosting consumption and
stabilising property and stock markets. These efforts successfully led to a 5.4% growth in the fourth quarter, enabling China to
meet its annual GDP growth target of 5%.

The year 2024 posed challenges for Asian markets. Non-USD currencies were generally under pressure due to the impact of
a strong US dollar (“USD”), with Japanese Yen, Euro, Pound Sterling depreciated by 11.46%, 6.2% and 1.74% against the
USD respectively. In contrast, Renminbi (“RMB”) remained generally strong compared to other major international currencies.
Despite a slight depreciation of 2.92% against the USD, the RMB Exchange Rate Index of the China Foreign Exchange Trade
System, which tracks the exchange rate of RMB against a basket of currencies, experienced an annual appreciation of 4.2%.
Meanwhile, Asian stock markets were also affected in varying degrees. The Japanese and Indian stock markets experienced a
surge in the first half of the year but saw significant volatility in the second half, while China’s A-share market faced a slow start
but recovered, with all key indices showing an upward trend, as reflected by the annual growth of 12.67%, 13.23% and 16.07%
in the SSE Composite Index, the ChiNext Index and the SSE Science and Technology Innovation Board 50 Index respectively.
The Hong Kong stock market also reversed from its continuous downward trend in the past four years, with the Hang Seng
Index and the Hang Seng Technology Index rising by 17.67% and 18.70% during the year respectively.

In recent years, China’s private equity sector faced severe challenges and has yet shaken off such weak momentum due to
rising uncertainties in the macro environment and economy. Market participants, who have been struggling with difficulties in
fundraising and exiting, have grown increasingly cautious about establishing new funds. Zero2IPO data indicates that 3,981 new
funds were raised in China’s private equity market in 2024, with a fund size of RMB1.44 trillion, reaching the lowest level in
recent years in terms of both fund size and number. Exiting barriers have posed another difficulty in circulating the vast amount
of exited funds into new funds, which has, to a certain extent, undermined investor confidence and affected their investment
decisions. The ever-increasing difficulties in fundraising and exiting barriers exerted further pressure on the investment side.
According to Zero2IPO data, there were a total of 8,408 investment cases in 2024, with a disclosed amount (excluding outliers)
of RMB603.6 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 10%. To revitalise the market, China has been
focusing on the private equity sector’s development quality and promulgating favourable policies to guide investors to make
early and small-amount investments, with a long-term focus on science and technology. China was also encouraging the
development of venture capital and equity investment. The industry is expected to usher in more new funds, which will serve
as a key source of capital to promote science and technology innovation and industrial innovation.




                                                                                                                                         23
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS OF 2024
     Income

      Key income items
      (in HK$ hundred million)                                                        2024                2023             Change

      Income from contracts with customers, mainly including:                         4.07                  7.92             (49%)
        — Management fee income                                                       1.49                  1.82             (18%)
        — Performance fee and consultancy fee income                                  0.35                  3.77             (91%)
      Loss from investments, mainly including:                                       (0.54)                (4.89)             89%
        — Interest income                                                             5.56                  6.60             (16%)
        — Dividend income                                                            12.91                  9.92              30%
        — Realised income/(loss) from investments                                     1.52                 (0.13)              N/A
        — Unrealised loss from investments                                          (20.51)              (21.28)               4%
      Income from other sources                                                       0.28                11.02              (97%)
      Share of profits less losses of associates                                      0.04                  2.31             (98%)
      Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                                 (0.41)                 0.25               N/A

      Total amount of income                                                          3.44               16.61                (79%)


     During the year, total amount of income of the Group was HK$344 million, representing a year-on year decrease of HK$1,317
     million as compared to HK$1,661 million for last year. Its income from contracts with customers decreased by HK$385 million
     year-on-year, mainly due to the lower-than-expected performance fee and consultancy fee income. In respect of loss from
     investments, with pressure on project valuations in general, our unrealised loss from investments remained more or less
     on par with that of last year. However, benefiting from increase in dividend income, overall loss from investments narrowed
     significantly to HK$54 million for the current year from HK$489 million for last year.

     The year-on-year change in income was mainly due to the following factors:

     (1)   In 2024, the Group’s income from contracts with customers was HK$407 million, representing a decrease of HK$385
           million from last year. During the year, the Group realised management fee income of HK$149 million, decreased
           moderately by HK$33 million from that of last year. The effects of cyclical fluctuations in the industry have caused the
           scale of asset management to decline from its peak. However, in the face of a complex and volatile market environment,
           the Group had adhered to a prudent approach in its operations, proactively optimising its asset allocation structure and
           striving to improve the quality of its core assets. These efforts had provided a stable source of income for the Group.
           Meanwhile, performance fee and consultancy fee income decreased by HK$342 million from last year to HK$35 million,
           primarily due to a periodical reduction in relevant income resulting from the prudent management of exit pace in line with
           the philosophy of value investing.




24
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




(2)   The Group recorded a loss from investments of HK$54 million, compared to HK$489 million for last year, representing a
      year-on-year improvement of HK$435 million, amongst which dividend income was HK$1.291 billion, representing a year-
      on-year increase of HK$299 million, mainly due to the significant increase in dividends received from Fund Management
      Business. The Group achieved a turnaround in its realised income/(loss) from investments from a loss of HK$13 million
      for last year to a gain of HK$152 million, mainly driven by the timely exit of mature projects by the Group’s investment
      team, resulting in satisfactory returns.

      Unrealised loss from investments was HK$2,051 million, reduced by HK$77 million as compared to last year, with
      volatility narrowing. This was mainly due to a rebound in the valuation of Key Investee Companies within the Principal
      Investments Business, resulting in an unrealised gain of HK$344 million (the carrying value of Key Investee Companies
      as at the end of 2023 was HK$2.162 billion), representing a significant improvement compared to the unrealised loss of
      HK$448 million last year. Unrealised loss from financial investments amounted to HK$1,012 million, slashed by HK$787
      million from a loss of HK$1.799 billion last year, mainly due to the stabilisation of valuation fluctuations in financial
      investment projects as the market slowly rebounded (the carrying value of Financial Investments as at the end of 2023
      was HK$6.313 billion). In Fund Management Business, unrealised loss from primary market investments was HK$1.054
      billion, mainly attributable to the loss in primary market funds resulting from the decrease in market value or valuation
      of invested projects (the carrying value of primary market investments as at the end of 2023 was HK$15.083 billion).
      Benefiting from market recovery, we recorded an unrealised gain from secondary market investments of approximately
      HK$40 million (the carrying value of secondary market investments as at the end of 2023 was HK$2.859 billion), and an
      unrealised loss from FoFs investments of HK$369 million (the carrying value of FoFs investments as at the end of 2023
      was HK$7.074 billion).

(3)   During the year, the Group’s income from other sources was HK$28 million, compared to HK$1,102 million in last
      year. The income from other sources last year was mainly non-recurring from Financial Investments. During the year,
      the Group’s share of profits less losses of associates was HK$4 million, representing a decrease of HK$227 million
      when compared with last year. In particular, the share of profit from Everbright Securities decreased by HK$273 million
      compared with last year, and the share of profit from CALC increased by HK$83 million compared with last year.

 Income from key business segments
 (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                           2024                2023

 — (Loss)/income from Fund Management Business                                                      (2.90)             10.01
 — Income from Principal Investments Business                                                        6.34               6.60

 Total amount of income                                                                              3.44              16.61


By business segments, the loss from Fund Management Business of the Group during the year was HK$290 million, compared
with a gain of HK$1.001 billion last year. The main reasons for the change include: (1) the Group used seed capital to invest
in the managed funds, and with the reduction in investment valuations of certain projects, its unrealised gain and loss from
investments changed from an unrealised gain of HK$119 million last year to an unrealised loss of HK$1.383 billion in the
reporting period; and (2) during the year, the dividend income of the Fund Management Business segment was HK$823 million,
representing an increase of 69% compared with HK$488 million last year, which partly offset the impact of the unrealised
loss from investments. Additionally, during the year, the Group’s income from Principal Investments Business was HK$634
million, which substantially remained stable compared to HK$660 million last year. Although the market price and annual
valuation result of principal investment projects further dropped due to market conditions, the improved performance of certain
investment projects, such as the year-on-year increase of HK$83 million in the share of profits from CALC, contributed to the
stable performance of the Group’s principal investment.




                                                                                                                                  25
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Profit and Loss

      Profit in Key Business Segments
      (in HK$ hundred million)                                                          2024                2023             Change

      (Loss)/profit from Fund Management Business                                       (7.23)                2.76                N/A
      Profit/(loss) from Principal Investments Business:                                 1.88                (1.89)               N/A
        — Key investee companies                                                         2.72                (5.41)               N/A
        — Financial investments                                                         (9.91)               (8.60)             (15%)
        — Cornerstone investments                                                        9.07               12.12               (25%)
        Less: Unallocated corporate expenses, taxes and
            profit attributable to holders of senior perpetual
           capital securities                                                          (13.74)             (20.10)               32%

      Loss attributable to shareholders of the Company                                 (19.09)             (19.23)                1%


     During the year, the net loss attributable to shareholders of the Company was HK$1.909 billion, compared to a loss of HK$1.923
     billion last year, achieving an overall slight decrease in loss:

     (1)   Loss from Fund Management Business was HK$723 million, mainly due to the underperformance of certain investment
           projects in this segment and unrealised loss arising from further valuation adjustments. During the year, unrealised
           income/loss from investment projects slumped to a loss of HK$1.383 billion from profit of HK$119 million last year.
           Additionally, realised income saw significant growth during the year, improving from HK$31 million last year to HK$234
           million this year. This demonstrates the effectiveness of our active management of investment portfolio, which helped
           effectively offset the impact of unrealised loss on the statement of profit or loss.

     (2)   Profit from Principal Investments Business was HK$188 million, representing a turnaround from a loss of HK$189 million
           last year, mainly attributable to the improvement in the overall performance of Key Investee Companies. Profit from Key
           Investee Companies shifted from a loss of HK$541 million last year to a profit of HK$272 million in the year, effectively
           offsetting part of the downside risk and generating revenue to the Group.


     Dividends

      Per share
      (HK$)                                                                             2024                2023             Change

      Loss per share                                                                    (1.13)              (1.14)                1%
      Interim dividend per share                                                         0.05                0.15               (67%)
      Final dividend per share                                                           0.05                0.10               (50%)
      Total dividend per share                                                           0.10                0.25               (60%)


     Loss attributable to shareholders of the Company for the year was HK$1.909 billion, and net cash inflows from operating
     activities and investing activities amounted to HK$1.691 billion and HK$1.106 billion, respectively. During the year, the Group
     narrowed the loss slightly, with sufficient liquidity and solid overall financial, business and operating conditions. Following the
     practice of sharing the Group’s operating results with shareholders, the Board declared final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for
     2024 (2023 final dividend: HK$0.10 per share).




26
                                                                                                         CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024




KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS

    Key financial data1                                                                  2024                  2023              Change

    Gearing ratio2                                                                       92%                   95%                –3 ppt
    Net gearing ratio3                                                                 86.8%                 86.4%              +0.4 ppt
    Debt-to-asset ratio4                                                               56.3%                 57.1%              –0.8 ppt
    Current ratio5                                                                    135.6%                109.5%             +26.1 ppt


The Group implemented refined cost control through wider technology and electronic application to boost operational efficiency.
Operating costs6 for this year amounted to HK$824 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.2%. This reduction
highlights the positive impact of the Group’s efforts in cost control and efficiency improvement.

Due to the losses incurred during the year, the Group’s total equity decreased from HK$34.1 billion at the end of last year to
HK$32.7 billion at the end of the year, which had a negative impact on the gearing ratio. However, the Group took proactive
measures on deleveraging, successfully reducing its interest-bearing liabilities by over HK$2 billion, from HK$32.4 billion at
the beginning of the year to HK$30.1 billion at the end of the year. As at the end of December 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio
was 92%, a decrease of 3 percentage points as compared to the end of 2023, reflecting the effectiveness of our deleveraging
efforts. The Group’s available cash reserves at the end of December 2024 amounted to HK$1.786 billion (as at the end of 2023:
HK$2.927 billion). Excluding the impact of available cash, the net gearing ratio was 86.8%, representing an increase of 0.4
percentage points as compared to the end of 2023.

As at the end of December 2024, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$8.4 billion, with available and
unutilised bank facilities of approximately HK$8 billion, representing sufficient liquidity and a strong financial position.




1
        The Gearing ratio, net gearing ratio, debt-to-asset ratio and current ratio are the measures used by the management of the Group for
        monitoring business performance and financial position. These may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies
2
        The gearing ratio is calculated as interest-bearing debt (including bank loans + bonds payable)/total equity x 100%
3
        The net gearing ratio is calculated as (interest-bearing debt - available cash)/total equity x 100%
4
        The debt-to-asset ratio is calculated as (total liabilities/total assets) x 100%
5
        The current ratio is calculated as (current assets/current liabilities) x 100%
6
        Operating costs include staff costs, depreciation and amortisation expenses and other operating expenses



                                                                                                                                               27
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     BUSINESS PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS
     Fund Management Business
     As at 31 December 2024, the total AUM of CEL’s funds amounted to approximately HK$117.4 billion, representing a decrease
     of approximately HK$8.8 billion as compared to the end of last year. The decrease in AUM was mainly attributable to 1) the
     withdrawal of certain funds due to maturity; 2) some investors of secondary market funds and discretionary accounts took
     profits and redeem their investments following the maturity of certain funds and accounts; and 3) the depreciation of RMB
     against HKD, which resulted in a decrease in AUM when converted into Hong Kong dollar.

     CEL’s funds have extensive source of funding, where external investors are primarily institutional investors, with a diversified
     mix of institutions covering, amongst others, commercial banks, insurance companies, family offices and government agencies.
     In terms of currency, funds denominated in RMB and all other currencies were equivalent to approximately HK$93.9 billion and
     HK$23.5 billion, accounting for 80% and 20% of the total amount, respectively. In terms of nature of funds, the Company’s
     Fund Management Business included 42 primary market funds, 20 secondary market funds and discretionary accounts, and 9
     FoFs products.

     During the reporting period, CEL tailored to the circumstances to make prudent investment decisions, and to exit from
     prevailing projects. The Fund Management Business made capital contributions of approximately HK$310 million to a total of 13
     projects, and exited, fully or partially, from 73 projects, recording a cash inflow of approximately HK$3.123 billion.


       BY FUND
       BUSINESS SEGMENTS                           BY CURRENCY                                 BY SOURCE OF CAPITAL


           22%                                      20%                                        29%


      4%




                                       74%                                      80%                                         71%

           Primary market fund                        AUM denominated in RMB                      External capital
           Secondary market fund                      AUM denominated in                          CEL’s seed capital
           FoFs                                       non-RMB currencies




28
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Primary Market Funds
As at 31 December 2024, there were 42 primary market fund products under the management of CEL, with an aggregate AUM
equivalent to approximately HK$86.5 billion and scope of investment covering various industries including semiconductors,
Industrial Internet and high-end manufacturing. CEL also actively explored potential opportunities in artificial intelligence, new
energy and other sectors. By currency, amounts equivalent to approximately HK$67.4 billion were denominated in RMB and
approximately HK$19.1 billion were denominated in other currencies, accounting for 78% and 22% respectively. During the
reporting period, CEL achieved strong investment returns and cash flow recovery through a combination of disposal of shares
of listed companies and other diversified exit channels (such as transfer). The projects CEL had exited included Shuyi Tealicious
(書亦燒仙草), Liaoji Food (廖記食品) and JD Logistics (京東物流).

Leveraging the diversified fund structure and leading integrated capabilities, CEL’s primary market fund maintained a cross-
border portfolio from the “Perspective of China”, developed and expanded patient capital by focusing on “Five Major Articles”
and financial support for “New Quality Productivity Forces”, and invested in new industries and fields.


Secondary Market Funds
As at 31 December 2024, CEL’s secondary market business managed a total of 20 funds and discretionary accounts with AUM
in terms of net worth of approximately HK$4.7 billion.

With years of cross-border experience and by leveraging on its investment capabilities, CEL’s secondary market funds have
built a one-stop portfolio, which covers Asian credit bond hedge funds, Asian convertible bond hedge funds, offshore Greater
China equity hedge funds, onshore A+H shares long-only strategies funds (including private fund managers and institutional
investors) and investment advisory business.

CEL has well diversified fixed income products covering offshore funds, QFII managed accounts, offshore managed accounts
and asset securitisation products. Everbright Convertible Opportunities Fund, a flagship Asian convertible bond product,
delivered superior results during the reporting period. The fund received the “Best Asian Ex-Japan Fixed-Income Hedge Fund
(10-year)”, “Best Asian Ex-Japan Fixed-Income Hedge Fund (5-year)”, “Best Asian Ex-Japan Fixed-Income Hedge Fund (3-year)”,
“Best Asian Ex-Japan Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund (10-year)”and “Best Asian Ex-Japan Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund (5-year)”
awards by the 2024 I&M Professional Investment Award, demonstrating the recognition of the team’s investment capability
and comprehensive strength by independent ranking agencies. Everbright Income Focus Fund, a public bond fund in Hong
Kong and being an investment advisor, was awarded a five-star rating (the highest rating) by an authoritative fund rating agency,
for overall rating and in five-year rating, for its superior performance and risk-adjusted returns.


Fund of Funds
CEL’s FoFs not only invested in external funds with proven track records and robust governance, but also invested in funds
launched and managed by the Company, and coinvested or directly invested in equity projects. As at 31 December 2024,
the FoFs team managed 9 FoFs with an AUM equivalent to approximately HK$26.2 billion. The Company’s FoFs business
has established an investment matrix primarily targeting information technology, biopharmaceuticals, consumption and
entertainment, and technology manufacturing, with active collaborations with well-established major (white horse) managers,
emerging and promising (dark horse) managers, and leading managers in specialised sectors both domestically and
internationally. As at 31 December 2024, there were 98 invested projects (sub-funds and direct investment projects) under the
FoFs, and a total of 166 investees in the underlying projects of invested sub-funds and direct investment projects under the
FoFs were listed. During the reporting period, 13 new enterprises were listed, all of which came from the underlying projects
of sub-funds. CEL’s FoFs team also promoted the listing application and exit of direct investment projects, dedicating to bring
excellent returns to investors.

CEL’s FoFs have won numerous industry recognitions and awards, further enhancing its brand and influence in the industry.
During the reporting period, with their outstanding performance, the Company’s FoFs were awarded the “2024 New Quality
Productive Financial Institutions TOP20” and “2024 Best State-owned Market-oriented FoFs TOP13” by FoF Research Centre ,
the “2023-2024 Best Market-Oriented Chinese FoFs TOP20” by Chinese Venture and the “2024 Top 50 Influential State-owned
Investment Institutions in China” by China Venture Capital Research Institute (“CVCRI”).




                                                                                                                                     29
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Real Estate Investment and Asset Management Business
     As at 31 December 2024, CEL held 29.17% equity interest in Everbright Jiabao, an A-share listed company (stock code: 600622.
     SH), as its largest shareholder. Everbright Jiabao managed 56 projects through the platform under EBA Investments, including
     21 investment management projects being under management, with total fund size under management of approximately
     RMB22.1 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$24.0 billion) and AUM of approximately RMB46.9 billion (equivalent to
     approximately HK$50.7 billion). During the reporting period, Everbright Jiabao/EBA Investments took the opportunity of building
     a new development model for the real estate industry to accelerate the creation of a leading real estate asset management
     platform in China, while continuing to optimise the operating conditions of projects under management, endeavouring to
     boost the operating and management standards of projects. As at the end of the reporting period, EBA Investments and its
     subsidiaries managed a total of 20 consumption infrastructure projects of IMIX Parks in mainland China through fund investment
     or entrusted management, primarily located in core consumer spending cities in various municipalities and provinces in China.
     In addition, during the reporting period, EBA Investments continued to expand the business of real estate construction and
     management projects under the brand of “安石建管”, and expanded and reserved a number of projects. During the reporting
     period, EBA Investments was ranked first in the “Excellent Enterprises in terms of Comprehensive Strength among China
     Real Estate Funds” jointly announced by the China Enterprise Evaluation Association, Property Research Institute of Tsinghua
     University and Beijing China Index Academy for the tenth consecutive year.


     Principal Investments Business
     The Company strives to achieve the following 3 objectives through principal investments: (1) Key Investee Companies:
     investing in and fostering enterprises with synergy between industry and finance and promising development prospects; (2)
     Financial Investments: maintaining flexible liquidity management through investment in structured financing products and
     obtaining stable interest income; capitalising on co-investment opportunities brought by the Fund Management Business and
     participating in equity and related financial investments to obtain investment returns; (3) Cornerstone Investments: holding
     a portion of the equity interest in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities to obtain stable dividends and investment
     returns.

     As at the end of December 2024, the Principal Investments Business managed 50 post-investment projects with an aggregate
     carrying value of approximately HK$31.9 billion. Among these projects, the total carrying amount of equity interest held in
     CALC, Everbright Senior Healthcare and Terminus was approximately HK$5.0 billion; the fair value of Financial Investments was
     approximately HK$7.1 billion; the fair value of the Cornerstone Investments in China Everbright Bank was HK$6.6 billion, and
     the carrying amount of Everbright Securities accounted for as an associate was HK$13.2 billion.

      Principal investments
      (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                           2024                2023

      — Key Investee Companies                                                                             50                  47
      — Financial Investments                                                                              71                  92
      — Cornerstone Investments                                                                           198                 182

      Total                                                                                               319                 321




30
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Key Investee Companies
CALC
As at 31 December 2024, CEL held 38.06% of the equity interest in CALC (stock code: 1848.HK) and was its largest
shareholder. CALC is a one-stop full life-cycle solutions provider for the global aviation sector. CALC’s scope of business
includes regular operations such as aircraft operating leasing, leaseback after purchase, aircraft asset package transactions and
asset management, and value-added services such as fleet upgrading, aircraft maintenance, aircraft disassembling and parts
selling. CALC has the advantages of dual-platform financing, leasing and sales channels, as well as a strong capability and rich
experience in both domestic and overseas financing. Meanwhile, CALC is also a “pioneer” in advocating the commercialisation
of overseas operations of domestically-produced aircraft and firmly adheres to the national civil aviation strategy. In 2024, the
core business of CALC progressed steadily with remarkable improvements in operating quality, and the net profit attributable
to shareholders achieved a significant year-on-year increase. During the reporting period, the profit of CALC attributable to the
Group increased by HK$83 million as compared to the same period of last year. As at 31 December 2024, CALC had a fleet of
189 aircraft, consisting of 159 owned aircraft and 30 managed aircraft. CALC’s owned and managed aircraft are leased to 40
airlines in 21 countries and regions.


Everbright Senior Healthcare
Everbright Senior Healthcare has been seizing development opportunities in China’s healthcare industry. Building on the core
business of institutional elderly care, it has expanded into CCRC, nursing homes, rehabilitation hospitals, home elderly care and
other highly related businesses. Targeting elderly customers of advanced age who have care needs, and focusing on seniors’
rigid demands on rehabilitation, it provides a portfolio of elderly care services comprise of medical and nursing care, which
serve as its core products, and supplemented by other services such as elderly catering, mental care and entertainment. With
its strong presence and competitiveness in the senior healthcare segment, it is one of the most influential healthcare service
providers in China. As at 31 December 2024, Everbright Senior Healthcare has 234 institutions of various types which include
institutional and community service centres, forming a deployment covering the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River
Delta, and Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Circle. Riding on its professional senior healthcare services, stringent quality control,
convenient services and diversified senior healthcare experiences, Everbright Senior Healthcare has garnered a good brand
reputation in the market, which has earned it high recognitions from customers, peers and governments, and a regular spot
among the top industry players.


Terminus
During the reporting period, based on the five-layer architecture of Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things (AIoT), Terminus
continued to promote the framework concept of industrial intelligent transformation and built an AIoT industry cluster to
strengthen the overall competitiveness of the Company. Terminus was deeply involved in the green, digital and intelligent
upgrading of Taohuatan Station and Chang’anji Station on the South Extension of Hefei Metro Line 4; reached a cooperation
with Ethara, a large-scale sports venue and major event management company in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), to create
a full-stack AIoT-driven digital and intelligent solution for the Abu Dhabi National Sports Centre in the UAE; collaborated with
Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology under the Chinese Academy of Sciences to build the first “Key
Laboratory of Edge Intelligence Computing (Chongqing)” in Chongqing Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone. Terminus was
awarded the “2024 APEC Award for Science, Technology and Innovation (APSTI)” and the “New Quality Productivity Industry
Leader Award of the Year” by Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC).




                                                                                                                                    31
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Financial Investments
     The Company’s Financial Investments funded by its own capital cover the following aspects: (1) based on the investment/co-
     investment opportunities brought by the Company’s funds and extensive business network, investing in the equity or debt
     of unlisted companies; (2) investing in structured financing products with a balance in return and liquidity. As at 31 December
     2024, the Company’s financial investments amounted to HK$7.1 billion in various sectors including real estate, new economy
     and technology, artificial intelligence and advanced manufacturing, and green investments, with the aggregate carrying value of
     the top 10 projects amounting to HK$5.1 billion.


     Cornerstone Investments
     As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of a certain portion of equity interests in Everbright Securities and China
     Everbright Bank held by the Group as Cornerstone Investments each accounted for more than 5% of the Group’s total assets
     and the two investments were regarded as significant investments of the Group. These two Cornerstone Investments held by
     the Group accounted for in aggregate 60.5% and 26.5% of the Group’s net assets and total assets, respectively.


     Everbright Securities (601788.SH)
     Established in 1996 with its headquarters in Shanghai, Everbright Securities is one of the first 3 innovative pilot securities firms
     approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. As at the end of December 2024, the Group held 956 million A-shares
     in Everbright Securities, representing 20.73% of its total share capital, with an investment cost of HK$1,497 million. Everbright
     Securities is accounted for as an associate of the Group. The carrying value of the shares held by the Group was HK$13.2
     billion, accounting for 40.4% and 17.7% of the Group’s net assets and total assets respectively. Based on the closing price of
     RMB18.11 per share as at 31 December 2024, the fair value of the shares held by the Group was HK$18.7 billion. During the
     reporting period, the Group’s share of profit from an investment in associate attributable to Everbright Securities was HK$608
     million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 31.0%.


     China Everbright Bank (601818.SH)
     Established in August 1992, China Everbright Bank is a national joint-stock commercial bank approved by the State Council and
     the People’s Bank of China. As at the end of December 2024, the Group held 1.57 billion A-shares in China Everbright Bank,
     representing 2.66% of the total share capital of China Everbright Bank, with an investment cost of HK$1,407 million. The shares
     in China Everbright Bank held by the Group are accounted for as equity investments designated at fair value through other
     comprehensive income. Based on the closing price of RMB3.87 per share as at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount and
     fair value of the shares in China Everbright Bank held by the Group amounted to HK$6.6 billion, accounting for 20.1% and 8.8%
     of the Group’s net assets and total assets respectively. During the year, the Group’s income from China Everbright Bank was
     HK$299 million, representing a year- on-year decrease of 9.5%.


     OUTLOOK
     At present, despite the complex international situation and the great challenges faced by China, the fundamentals of long-term
     economic development remain unchanged. The global situation is turbulent with ongoing regional conflicts and rising trade
     protectionism, while the road to global economic recovery is full of unexpected difficulties with increasing uncertainties, all of
     which have had a spillover effect on China’s economy. 2025 marks the conclusion of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, which also
     bears great significance to carry on success and chart the future. With the introduction of more proactive fiscal policies and
     moderately loose monetary policies domestically, the momentum of economic upturn has been further strengthened. Domestic
     demand such as household consumption will remain the key driver for economic growth. Artificial intelligence technology is
     rapidly iterating and being applied to multiple industries. The cultivation and development of new quality productive forces will
     provide support for high-quality economic development.




32
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




China has attached great importance to the venture capital industry. In 2024, the State introduced a number of favourable
policies to guide capital towards initial investments, small size investments, investments on hard science and technology,
long-term investments, encouraging development of venture capital and equity investments. With more long-term capital with
greater patience entering the market, it may gradually invigorate social capitals, and the fundraising environment is expected to
improve in 2025. Changes brought about by new policies on venture capital funds of central State-owned enterprises, such as
extending the duration of the funds and improving the assessment mechanism, may further improve the investment ecology.
The characteristics of market bottoming are gradually emerging. With the increasing policy support and deepening of capital
market reforms, the private equity industry may be presented with broader development opportunities. In view of this, CEL will
step up efforts in research and planning on macro economy, industry development trends and new opportunities for venture
capital, deepen its development in Hong Kong, and insist on focusing on private equity fund investment management business.
CEL will forge core capabilities around “fund-raising, investment, management, exit and transfer”, improve investment and
research capabilities, focus on long-term value, and comprehensively serve and engage with the “Dual Circulation” new
development pattern, further consolidating the foundation for transformation and development.

In terms of fund-raising, we will optimise the management mechanism and fully mobilise resources to strengthen fund-
raising. We will further optimise the fund establishment process and encourage our teams to actively raise external funds
by refining the management mechanism. At the same time, we will actively explore collaborations on business innovation
and leverage the synergy and coordination advantages of Everbright Group’s asset management segment. We will continue
to promote the cross-border dual-circulation business by leveraging the Company’s potential in the cross-border financial
management market, to strengthen the expansion of overseas customers, and explore the expansion in scale of secondary
market funds and other products with good performance. In terms of investment, we will leverage our cross-border
investment advantages and seize new opportunities in strategic industries. We will strengthen industry research and the
construction of investment and research systems, encourage initial investments, small size investments and investments
on hard science and technology, seize investment opportunities such as new energy development, domestic substitution
of integrated circuit (CPU/GPU), artificial intelligence, biomedicine, and overseas expansion of domestic products, and
encourage investment in high-quality projects, especially focus on the deep integration of artificial intelligence technology in
traditional industries. In terms of management, we will strengthen post-investment management and empower investee
companies to foster high-quality development. We will improve comprehensive post-investment service capabilities, help
investee companies to strengthen and optimise their operations, and strive to meet the demands of LP investors on investment
attraction, upstream and downstream integration, industry guidance, etc. to create a good post-investment management brand.
We will continue to optimise management of our self-owned funds, strengthen the look-through post-investment management
of our key fund projects, and enhance our internal control capabilities. In terms of exit, we will seek diversified exit methods
and expedite precise exit. It is crucial to seize the opportunity of recovery of the secondary market for listed projects and
expedite the precise exit of listed projects on the premise of complying with national strategies and legal regulations. We will
simultaneously explore exit strategies such as mergers and acquisitions, restructuring, round-by-round transfer of shares, and
transfer of S shares to optimise exit paths and speed up fund recovery.

Looking ahead, CEL will focus on its main businesses, keep abreast of the development trend of the industry, increase tracking
and research on cutting-edge technologies, and give full play to the advantages of cross-border platforms. With its strong
foundation in Hong Kong and global perspective, CEL will focus on key core technology areas in the high-tech field and actively
explore the development of angel investment and venture capital fund products to further enhance core competitiveness. The
Company is committed to enhancing its intrinsic value and continuing to share the results of development with shareholders.


FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s total assets amounted to HK$74.686 billion (31 December 2023: HK$79.588 billion)
with net assets amounting to HK$32.650 billion (31 December 2023: HK$34.106 billion). Equity attributable to the Company’s
shareholders was HK$29.727 billion (31 December 2023: HK$30.990 billion) and equity attributable to shareholders of the
Company per share was HK$17.64 (31 December 2023: HK$18.39).




                                                                                                                                    33
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     FINANCIAL RESOURCES
     The Group adopts a prudent approach in liquidity management to ensure liquidity risk control and reduce the cost of funds. The
     Group finances its operations primarily with internally generated cash flow and loan facilities from banks. As at 31 December
     2024, the Group had cash and bank balances of HK$8.422 billion (31 December 2023: HK$9.588 billion). Currently, most of the
     Group’s cash is denominated in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi.


     BORROWING
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings amounted to HK$30.123 billion (31 December 2023:
     HK$32.397 billion). The Group will review and ensure sufficient banking facilities to reserve resources to support its business
     development. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had banking facilities of HK$21.415 billion (31 December 2023: HK$32.694
     billion), of which HK$8.030 billion (31 December 2023: HK$14.090 billion) had not been utilised. The banking facilities were of
     one to eleven years terms. The Group had outstanding bank loans of HK$13.385 billion (31 December 2023: HK$18.604 billion),
     which decreased by HK$5.219 billion compared with 31 December 2023, of which HK$12.493 billion (31 December 2023:
     HK$16.442 billion) was unsecured. The Group had issued corporate bonds with an outstanding principal amount of HK$16.738
     billion (31 December 2023: HK$13.793 billion). The interest bearing borrowings were denominated in Renminbi and Hong Kong
     dollars, representing 64%, 36% of the total respectively. As at 31 December 2024, approximately 38% of the Group’s total
     principal amount of borrowing were at floating rates and the remaining 62% were at fixed rates. The maturity profile of the
     Group’s borrowings is set out in note 20 of the Notes to the Financial Statements in this report.


     PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     As at 31 December 2024, Restricted bank balances of HK$32 million (31 December 2023: HK$57 million) were pledged to
     the banks for sales of mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on borrowings. Investment properties
     with carrying values of HK$2,289 million (31 December 2023: HK$4,542 million) were mortgaged to secure certain bank loans
     granted to the Group. No inventory or stocks were mortgaged to secure certain bank loans granted to the Group (31 December
     2023: HK$230 million and HK$1,475 million respectively) . Pursuant to the prime brokerage agreements entered with the prime
     brokers of a fund held by the Group, cash and securities deposited with the prime brokers were secured against liabilities to
     the prime brokers. As at 31 December 2024, assets deposited with the prime brokers included HK$1,238 million (31 December
     2023: HK$1,417 million) and HK$111.4 million (31 December 2023: HK$16.4 million) which formed part of the Group’s trading
     securities and debtors respectively. Analysis on collateral of the Group’s bank loans is set out in note 16 of the Notes to the
     Financial Statements in this report.




34
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024




EBA YIDA
In August 2020, Zhuhai EBA Yida Management Centre, L.P. (“EBA Yida”) was established by EBA Investments to use
appropriate channels and methods to invest in real estate projects, primarily for urban renewal, focusing on investing in first-
tier cities in China as well as second- and third-tier cities with a healthy and well-developed real estate market in China. The
following table sets forth information on the major projects invested by EBA Yida during the reporting period:

 Name of Key Project                     Business Type                             Location         Investment Type

 Beijing Zhongguancun Project            Commercial                                Beijing          Convertible bonds
 Chongqing Chaotianmen Project           Commercial complex                        Chongqing        Fund interest investment
 EBA Centre Project                      Commercial complex                        Shanghai         Fund interest investment
 Parkview Place                          Commercial office                         Beijing          Fund interest investment
 EBA Centre Hongqiao Project             Commercial complex                        Shanghai         Fund interest investment


EMPLOYEES
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s headquarters and wholly owned subsidiaries had 242 (31 December 2023: 255) full-time
employees. The Group ensures that the remuneration packages for employees are fair and competitive and are determined by
position, duties, experience and performance of employees. Other benefits to employees include medical insurance, retirement
scheme and training programmes.


PRINCIPLE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Risk management is of fundamental importance to the business operation of the Group. The major types of risk inherent in the
Group’s business are credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, currency risk and equity price risk. The Group’s risk management
objectives are to maximise shareholders’ value and to reduce volatility in earnings while maintaining risk exposures within
acceptable limits.

The Group’s work in the area of risk management is executed by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department
and is led by the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. This functional
structure can assess, identify and document the Group’s risk profile to ensure that the business units focus, control and
systematically avoid potential risks in various business areas. The following is a brief description of the Group’s approach in
managing these risks.


(a)   Credit risk
      The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to advances to customers, accounts receivable, debt investments and
      unlisted derivative financial instruments.


      Credit risk management framework
      The Group has formulated a comprehensive set of credit risk management policies and procedures, and appropriate
      credit risk limits to manage and control credit risk that may arise. These policies, procedures and credit risk limits are
      regularly reviewed and updated to cope with the changes in market conditions and business strategies.

      The Group’s organisational structure establishes a clear set of authority and responsibility for monitoring compliance with
      policies, procedures and limits.

      The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance who reports directly to the Audit
      and Risk Management Committee, takes charge of credit risk management and is also responsible for the control of
      credit risk exposures of the Group in line with the credit risk management principles and requirements set by the Group.




                                                                                                                                         35
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




           Credit risk management is embedded within all business units of the Group. The first line of defense against undesirable
           outcomes is the business function and the respective line managers. Department heads of their own business areas
           take the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate credit risk controls. Risk Management, Legal
           and Compliance Department, which is independent from the business units, is responsible for the management of credit
           risks and it is an ongoing process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling credit risk to ensure effective
           checks and balances, as well as drafting, reviewing and updating credit risk management policies and procedures. It
           is also responsible for the design, development and maintenance of the Group’s internal rating system and it ensures
           that the system complies with the relevant regulatory requirements. Credit risk is approved by the Vice President of the
           Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and reported to Audit and Risk Management
           Committee quarterly.

           For advances to customers, generally collaterals would be advised to be pledged before advances are granted the
           amount of advances permitted depends on the quality and value of collateral provided by the customer. Any subsequent
           change in value as well as quality of collateral is closely monitored in order to determine whether any corrective action is
           required.

           Accounts receivable mainly arise from the Group’s investment activities. Receivables from brokers and counterparties
           are normally repayable on demand. The Group has established procedures in the selection of brokers/counterparties with
           sound credit ratings and/or reputation.

           Investments in debt instruments and unlisted derivative financial instruments are also governed by whether the issuers
           and the trade counterparties respectively have sound credit ratings.

           The Group has well-defined policies in place on the setting and approval of trading, credit and investment position limits
           in order to manage its credit risk exposure and concentration. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not
           have a significant concentration of credit risk.

           The maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held is represented by the carrying
           amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, at the end of the reporting period, deducting
           any impairment allowance.


     (b)   Liquidity risk
           The Group’s policy is to regularly assess current and expected liquidity requirements and to ensure that it maintains
           reserves of cash, readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
           institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

           For subsidiaries with statutory liquidity requirements, the Group closely monitors their liquidity positions. To ensure strict
           compliance, the Group maintains adequate cash reserves to prepare for immediate fund injection if required. If there is a
           medium to long-term operational need, management would also consider adjusting those subsidiaries’ capital structure.
           Subsidiaries with external equity stakeholders are generally responsible for their own liquidity management.




36
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024




(c)   Interest rate risk
      The Group monitors its interest rate exposure regularly to ensure that the underlying risk is monitored within an
      acceptable range.

      The Group’s interest rate positions arise from treasury and operating activities. Interest rate risk arises from treasury
      management, customer financing and investment portfolios. Interest rate risk primarily results from the timing differences
      in the repricing of interest-bearing assets, liabilities and commitments. Interest rate risk is managed by the Finance and
      Accounting Department under the delegated authority of the Board and is monitored by the Risk Management, Legal and
      Compliance Department. The instruments used to manage interest rate risk include time deposits and interest rate linked
      derivatives, if necessary.

      The Group is exposed to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of its financial instruments will fluctuate as a
      result of changes in market interest rates. In respect of the Group’s interest-bearing financial instruments, the Group’s
      policy is to mainly transact in financial instruments that mature or reprice in the short to medium term. Accordingly, the
      Group would be subject to limited exposure to fair value or cash flow interest rate risk due to fluctuations in the prevailing
      levels of market interest rates.


(d)   Currency risk
      The Group’s exposure to currency risk primarily stems from holding of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
      in foreign currencies, other than Hong Kong dollars and net investment in foreign operations. As most of the Group’s
      monetary assets and liabilities and net investment in foreign operations are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi,
      United States dollars and Singapore dollars, management is aware of the likely increase in volatility in these currencies
      and takes a balanced view when considering the management of currency risk.

      Overall, the Group monitors its currency exposure closely and would consider hedging significant currency exposure
      should the need arise.


(e)   Equity price risk
      The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments classified as trading securities, equity
      investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 10) and financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss (note 11). Other than unlisted securities held for medium to long-term purposes, all of these
      investments are listed.

      The Group’s investments in listed equity instruments are mainly listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange. Decisions to buy
      or sell trading securities rest with assigned investment team professionals and each investment portfolio is governed
      by specific investment and risk management guidelines. Independent daily monitoring of each portfolio against the
      corresponding guidelines is carried out by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. Listed equity
      instruments held in the equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss portfolio have been chosen based on their medium to long-term growth potential
      and are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

      The performance of the Group’s investments in unquoted equity instruments is assessed periodically, based on the
      information available to the Group.




                                                                                                                                       37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                Strengthen the structure of
                corporate governance and
                lay out the cornerstone of
                 sustainable development.




38
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND STRUCTURE
China Everbright Limited (“CEL” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) always aim to comply with established
corporate governance best practices, and the core value of the Company is to protect the interests of its shareholders (the
“Shareholders”), customers, staff and other stakeholders. It is committed to strictly abiding by the laws and regulations of
Hong Kong and observing the rules and guidelines issued by the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Securities and
Futures Commission of Hong Kong and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company also
constantly reviews its corporate governance practices to meet international and local best practices including the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
Exchange (the “Listing Rules”). One of the core values of the Company is that the highest standard of integrity is essential to
business development.

The Company recognises the importance of high standards of corporate governance and maintains an effective corporate
governance framework which contributes to the long-term success of CEL. The Company is also strongly committed to
embracing and enhancing sound corporate governance principles and practices. The established and well-structured corporate
governance framework directs and regulates the business ethical conduct of the Company, thereby protecting and upholding
the value of the Shareholders and its stakeholders as a whole in a sustainable manner.

CEL’s corporate governance structure is set out as follows:


                                                             Shareholders




                                                        Board of Directors




                         Audit and Risk                                                                     Environmental, Social
   Executive Board                              Nomination              Remuneration
                         Management                                                    Strategy Committee     and Governance
     Committee                                  Committee                Committee
                          Committee                                                                              Committee



                                                             Management




Detailed information on the composition of the Company’s board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) and various
Board committees of the Company, their Terms of Reference can be found on the Company’s website under “Investor
Relations” column.

The Board would like to confirm that, following careful examination and review, the Company has complied with all code
provisions of the CG Code for the year ended 31 December 2024, save for the deviation from code provision F.2.2 of the CG
Code which stipulates that the chairman of the board should attend annual general meeting. Mr. Yu Fachang, the Chairman
of the Board, did not attend the annual general meeting held on 23 May 2024 (“2024 AGM”) due to other important business
commitments and Mr. Lin Chun, an Executive Director and the President, was elected as the chairman of 2024 AGM by the
Directors presented pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles”). Other Directors, including the
chairman of each of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee, as
well as the external auditor, attended 2024 AGM and were of sufficient calibre for answering questions at 2024 AGM.


CORPORATE CULTURE AND STRATEGY
The Company’s purpose is to be “China’s cross-border asset management industry pioneer”. With over 27 years’ experience
in cross-border asset management and PE investments, the Board is committed to maintaining the development requirements
of the Company and promoting a positive and progressive culture to its stakeholders to achieve its purpose. The Company’s
Vision is “To innovate the asset management industry by creating leading-edge investment solutions”. CEL’s understanding
of clients’ experience and its long-term investment philosophy provides favourable conditions to achieve higher returns. The
Company’s Value (Corporate Philosophy) is “The Power to Transform — Focus and long-term drive, Transforming challenge
into opportunities”. With a firm footing in Hong Kong — a true bridge between East and West — an international platform,
and specialised sector focused teams, CEL is well-positioned to take advantage of the long-term opportunities presented by
changes in the global markets, to respond flexibly, and to become a pioneer in Chinese cross-border investment and asset
management.

                                                                                                                                    39
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     BOARD
     Composition of the Board
     The Company is led by the Board that is effective and of quality. The Board is charged with promoting the success of CEL
     by directing and supervising its affairs in a responsible and effective manner. Each Director has a duty to act in good faith in
     the best interests of the Company, so as to bring maximum value to the Shareholders in the long term and practically fulfill
     its obligations to the stakeholders of the Group. The Directors are aware of their collective and individual responsibilities to all
     Shareholders for the manner in which the affairs of the Company are managed, controlled and operated. As at the date of this
     report, the Board has nine Directors, made up of four Executive Directors and five Non-executive Directors, including three
     Independent Non-executive Directors (“INED(s)”). The Board members are set out as follows:


      EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
         Mr. Lin Chun (President)
         Mr. An Xuesong
         Mr. Pan Jianyun (appointed on 27 March 2025)
         Mr. Yin Yanwu
         Ms. Wang Yun (resigned on 27 March 2025)

      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
         Mr. Yu Fachang (Chairman)
         Dr. Qin Hongyuan

      INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
         Dr. Lin Zhijun
         Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
         Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund

     All Directors possess extensive experiences in the financial industry. They have abundant professional expertise to fully
     understand our business and the necessary skills to deal with our business matters. Each of them is prudent, objective and
     diligent and has devoted sufficient time and efforts to handle the Company’s affairs. Each Director confirms to the Company
     yearly he/she has spent sufficient time to perform his/her responsibilities as a Director of the Company. Each Director discloses
     to the Company (at the time of appointment and in a timely manner for any changes) the numbers and nature of office held
     in public companies or organisations and other significant commitments. The relevant content will also be disclosed in the
     announcements in relation to his/her appointment and the annual reports of the Company.

     With the assistance of the Nomination Committee, the Board reviews its structure, size and composition (including skills,
     expertise, experiences and gender diversity) on an annual basis. The Board considers the composition and proportion of its
     members reasonable and appropriate, which can fully leverage balance of powers such that the interests of the Company, the
     Shareholders and the stakeholders are protected to the maximum extent.

     All the existing Directors (including Non-executive Directors and INEDs) have been appointed through formal service contracts
     or letters of appointment setting out the key terms and conditions of their appointment.

     The appointment of a new Director is a matter for consideration by the Nomination Committee in accordance with the “Director
     Nomination & Succession Policy” which is posted on the Company’s website under “Investor Relations” column and decision
     by the full Board. Pursuant to the Articles, all Directors shall retire by rotation at least once every three years at annual general
     meetings and be eligible for re-election. All new Directors appointed by the Board are subject to re-election by Shareholders at
     the first annual general meeting after his appointment. At every annual general meeting of the Company, re-election of each
     Director has been assigned as a separate resolution for Shareholders’ approval.




40
                                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024




If any substantial Shareholder or Director has a potential conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board, which
the Board has determined to be material, the matter will be dealt with by a physical meeting (rather than a written resolution),
the relevant Directors shall abstain from voting and a Board meeting attended by INEDs who have no material interest in the
matter shall be held to discuss and vote on the resolution. There are no relationships (including financial, business, family or
other material/relevant relationship(s)) among the Board members. Any Director concerned should declare the nature and
extent of his/her interest prior to the relevant meeting agenda of the Board or the Board committees.


Diversity
According to the “Board Diversity Policy” of the Company which is posted on the Company’s website under “Investor
Relations” column, the Board recognises the importance of having a diverse Board for enhancing the board effectiveness and
corporate governance. A diverse Board should possess and make good use of differences in the skills, industry knowledge and
experience, education, race, age, gender, background and other qualities of directors. These differences are taken into account
in determining the optimum composition of the Board and when possible should be balanced appropriately.

According to the Director Nomination & Succession Policy of the Company, the Nomination Committee has the responsibility
of identifying and nominating directors for approval by the Board. It takes the responsibility in assessing the appropriate mix
of experience, expertise, skills and diversity required by the Board, assessing the extent to which the required skills are
represented on the Board and overseeing Board succession. It is also responsible for reviewing and reporting to the Board in
relation to Board diversity on an annual basis.

As at 31 December 2024, the Board’s composition and diversity profile is as follows:


                     Gender                                             Male                                            Female


                 Age Group         35-44                     45-54                               55-64                  65 or above


                   Capacity                    Executive                     Non-executive                   INED


             Year of Service                   Less than 1                            1-5                      Over 5

                               0           1       2          3          4        5          6           7          8            9

                                                                     Number of Directors

As at 31 December 2024, the senior management of the Group comprised all the Executive Directors (i.e. 3 males and 1
female) and one additional male member; and among the 242 employees of the Group, the ratio of male to female staff was
1:0.98. The Board considers that the Board, the Group’s senior management and workforce were all diverse in terms of gender.
At present, the Company has not set any measurable objectives for implementation of the diversity policies in relation to the
Board members and the workforce of the Group (including gender diversity). However, the Company will review the “Board
Diversity Policy” from time to time and will consider setting of any measurable objectives for achieving gender diversity (if
applicable).

Under the current Board structure, all Directors possess extensive experience in financial industry and management, of whom
some are experts in strategic development, financial and/or risk management. Biographical details with the professional
experience, skills and knowledge of the Directors are available in the section of “Directors and Senior Management” on pages
87 to 91 of this Annual Report.

The Board considers that diversity of the Board is a vital asset to the business of the Group. Board appointments and employee
recruitments are based on merit, and candidates are considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits
of diversity, including but not limited to gender diversity. Selection of candidates of different genders depends on the pool of
candidates of each gender with the necessary knowledge, experience, skills and educational background. The final decision is
based on merit and contribution that the chosen candidate will bring to the Board or the Group.




                                                                                                                                          41
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Role of Independent Non-executive Directors
     The Board believes that the INEDs play an important role in corporate governance. The opinions of INEDs have significant
     influence on the Board in the process of making decisions. The guidelines for appointment, roles, responsibilities, independence
     and evaluation of INEDs are clearly set out in the “Independent Non-executive Directors Policy” of the Company, which is
     posted on the Company’s website under “Investor Relations” column. INEDs provide the necessary checks and balances to
     ensure that CEL operates in a safe and sound manner and that its interests are protected. They also bring external experience
     and make judgment objectively. They are particularly important in performing a monitoring role. The Board has received from
     the INEDs written annual confirmations of their independence pursuant to the requirement under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules
     and considers all the INEDs to be independent. The appointments of Non-executive Directors, including INEDs, are for a fixed
     term and all of them are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years in accordance with the Articles and
     the Listing Rules.

     Every year, the Board reviews and assesses the independence of any INED who is in office for more than nine years. His/her
     further appointment is subject to a separate resolution to be approved by general meeting. The reasons why the Board believes
     that the individual is still independent and should be re-elected will be set out in the circular, in so far as the independence of
     each of the Directors is concerned, this is a matter of fact and the Board is committed to assessing this on an ongoing basis
     with regard to all relevant factors concerned and not just limited to where a director whose length of service exceeds 9 years.


     Mechanisms to Ensure Independent Views and Input
     The Board establishes mechanism(s) to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. The Nomination
     Committee is delegated the responsibility to review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on an annual
     basis.

     The number of INEDs represents not less than one-third of the Board as required under the Listing Rules. All the INEDs
     possess appropriate professional qualifications and accounting or related financial management expertise. As at 31 December
     2024, the independence weighting on Board and various board committees is as follows:


                                             Board              33.3%                    22.2%                          44.5%

              Audit and Risk Management Committee                                             100.0%

                             Nomination Committee                                   75.0%                                       25.0%

                           Remuneration Committee                                   75.0%                                       25.0%

                                Strategy Committee                      50.0%                          16.7%              33.3%

     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee       20.0%             20.0%                               60.0%

                                                      0   10%       20%     30%       40%      50%      60%     70%      80%      90%         100%

                                                                  INED(s)           Non-executive Director(s)         Executive Director(s)


     INEDs provide CEL with diversified expertise and experience. Their views and participation in the meetings of the Board and the
     Board committees bring objective and independent judgments and advice on issues relating to CEL’s strategies, performance,
     conflicts of interest and management processes, which ensure that the interests of all Shareholders are taken into account.




42
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




The Company has multiple mechanisms in place to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. These
include but are not limited to, when reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, the Nomination Committee
puts emphasis on whether the composition of Executive and Non-Executive Directors (including INEDs) is balanced and
ensures that there is a strong independent element on the Board. All INEDs should be of sufficient calibre and number for their
views to carry weight. All Directors (including INEDs) are given opportunities to include matters in the agenda for regular Board
meetings. If any Director makes a reasonable request, the Company should provide independent professional advice upon
request, at the Company’s expense, to the Director(s) to assist such Director(s) or the Board in performing directors’ duties to
the Company. Besides, a controversial matter is required to be discussed at a Board meeting rather than being dealt with by a
written resolution so as to ensure that Directors (including INEDs) are given opportunities to exchange their views instantly with
each other. The Chairman at least annually holds a meeting with the INEDs without the presence of other Directors. Based on
the above, the Board considers that the implementation of above mechanisms is effective.


Directors’ Liability Insurance
The Company has in place an appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy for each member of the Board to cover
their liabilities on damages arising out of corporate activities. The coverage and the sum insured under the policy are reviewed
on an annual basis by the Company.


Responsibilities of the Board
The Board is at the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, and there is a clear division of responsibilities
between the Board and the management of the Group (the “Management”). The Board is responsible for providing high-level
guidance and effective oversight of the Management. In general, duties of the Board include:

      setting CEL’s values and standards and approving CEL’s long term strategy and monitoring its implementation;

      establishing and maintaining the purpose and strategic direction of CEL, and satisfy itself that CEL’s purpose, values and
      strategy are aligned with the culture of the Company;

      monitoring and controlling CEL’s operations, financial and environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance
      through reviewing and approving its business plan and financial budget, and ensures CEL has adequate resources, staff
      qualification and experience in accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions, as well as those relating to
      CEL’s ESG performance and reporting;

      ensuring timely and accurate disclosure to and communication with stakeholders;

      approving the annual and interim results to ensure the integrity of CEL’s accounting and financial reporting system and
      compliance with the relevant laws and standards;

      reviewing and monitoring risk management and internal control of CEL to ensure that appropriate internal control
      systems are in place, including systems for risk management, financial and operational control;

      maintaining an effective governance and oversight of ESG affairs, as well as assessment and management of material
      ESG risks, ESG strategy and reporting;

      overseeing the management of the business and affairs of CEL, ensuring that a framework of prudent and effective
      controls is in place to enable risks to be assessed and managed with due regard to maximizing Shareholders’ value; and

      monitoring the performance of the Management, ensuring the financial statements are prepared to give a true, complete
      and accurate view of the Company.




                                                                                                                                     43
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     The Board authorises the Management to specifically carry out the approved strategies. The Management is responsible for
     the day-to-day operation of the Company and is required to report to the Board regularly. The Board has formulated the “Terms
     of Reference of the Board” and the “Mandate”, which set out the circumstances under which the Management should report
     to and obtain prior approval from the Board before making decisions or entering into any commitments on behalf of the Group.
     The Board regularly reviews the Mandate, and will update and amend the Mandate when appropriate.

     Non-executive Directors are independent from the Management. Their responsibilities include:

     (a)   participating in Board meetings and provide independent opinions on matters involving strategy, policies, performance,
           accountability, resources, appointment of key personnel and standards of conduct;

     (b)   promoting strict review and monitoring of management procedures;

     (c)   dealing with potential conflicts of interest proactively;

     (d)   serving on the Board committees such as the Audit and Risk Management Committee, Nomination Committee,
           Remuneration Committee, Strategy Committee, and ESG Committee by invitation;

     (e)   contributing to the Board and its Board committees by regularly attending meetings and actively participating, making
           good use of their skills, expertise, different backgrounds and qualifications;

     (f)   attending general meetings and also fully understanding Shareholders’ opinions; and

     (g)   contributing to the formulation of company strategies and policies, monitor the Company’s performance against
           established corporate goals and objectives, and focus on performance reporting.


     Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties as set out below:

      1    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

      2    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management;

      3    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

      4    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and Directors;

      5    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the “Corporate Governance Report”; and

      6    to review the contribution of Directors in performing their duties to the Company.




44
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024




During the year and up to the date of this report, the Board had performed the above duties, including review of the following
documents relating to the corporate governance policies and practices:

      Mandate;

      Shareholders’ Communication Policy;

      Corporate Governance Report;

      Internal Control Report;

      Risk Management Report;

      ESG Report;

      Board Diversity Policy;

      Director Nomination & Succession Policy;

      Independent Non-Executive Directors Policy; and

      Directors’ Performance Evaluation Policy.

Chairman and President
The positions of the Chairman of the Board and the President are held by Mr. Yu Fachang, a non-executive Director, and
Mr. Lin Chun, an executive Director, respectively. The roles of the Chairman and the President are clearly established and
stipulated in the “Terms of Reference of the Board”. As the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Yu leads the Board in order to ensure
that the Board discharges its formal responsibilities and conforms to good corporate governance practices and procedures.
Besides, the Chairman is also responsible for making sure that all Directors are properly informed of important issues on which
the Company is focusing and that all Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information. The Chairman also leads the
Board in formulating business objectives and their related strategies. He is also responsible for organising the business of the
Board, setting its agenda to take full account of the important issues facing CEL and the concerns of all Directors, ensuring
that adequate time is available for thorough discussion of critical and strategic issues, and ensuring its effectiveness with
the assistance of the Company Secretary. The Chairman is also taking primary responsibility for ensuring that good corporate
governance practices and procedures are in place. Through the Company Secretary, the Chairman oversees the implementation
of the practices and procedures set out in the CG Code. The Chairman facilitates the effective contribution of the Directors and
the effective communication with the stakeholders, ensures that timely and adequate information, which must be accurate,
clear, complete and reliable, is delivered to the Directors to fulfill their duties. The Chairman is also overseeing and giving
guidance to the Management in order to enhance the functions of the Board for ensuring the decision of Board are in the
best interest of the Company. Subject to those matters expressly reserved or otherwise stipulated by the Board, the Board
grants its powers and delegates its responsibilities to the Management Decision Committee for the daily administration,
operation and management of the business and affairs of the Group. The Management Decision Committee is the ultimate
owner of responsibilities of daily administration, operation and management of the business and affairs of the Group and is
accountable to the Board. Mr. Lin Chun, the President, serves as the Chairman of the Management Decision Committee. The
Vice Presidents and other Management Decision Committee members assist the President in carrying out the work and are
responsible for the relevant daily management matters of the Group.

The “Terms of Reference of the Board”, as updated from time to time, are published on the Company’s website
www.everbright.com and the website of the Stock Exchange. The “Terms of Reference of the Board” clearly define the terms
of reference of the Board as well as all the Board committees. The Board committees make recommendations to the Board on
relevant matters within their terms of reference, or make decisions under appropriate circumstances within the power delegated
by the Board. Designated secretaries are assigned to all Board committees to provide professional company secretarial services
in order to ensure that the Board committee members have adequate resources to discharge their responsibilities properly and
effectively. According to the “Terms of Reference of the Board”, the Board and the Board committees review and evaluate their
respective work processes and effectiveness on an annual basis. The Board shall also promptly update and revise the “Terms of
Reference of the Board” according to its needs, and the updated “Terms of Reference of the Board” will also be uploaded timely
to the Company’s website and the website of the Stock Exchange for public inspection.


                                                                                                                                   45
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Training and Support for Directors
     The Listing Rules require directors to understand their responsibilities as directors of listed companies. To ensure that newly
     appointed Directors have adequate understanding of the responsibilities as directors of listed companies as well as the
     operations and business of CEL, the Board has set up an induction system for new Directors. The Company Secretary conducts
     the induction programme for each of the newly appointed Directors, and the induction includes a description of directors’
     duties, the Listing Rules, introduction of the Board and the Board committees’ composition together with the corporate
     governance structure, and the introduction of business of the Company. Mr. Pan Jianyun attended the director induction
     training of no less than 2 hours on 21 March 2025. The Company received written confirmation from the newly appointed
     Director that he understood his obligations as a director of a listed company.

     To ensure that all Directors can constantly update their knowledge and make informed recommendations and advice to the
     Board, the Board has established a guideline on directors’ training. In addition to arranging appropriate directors’ training on an
     annual basis, the Company issues “monthly circulars” to the Board members, contents of which include the monthly financial
     statements of CEL, to give Directors a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance, position
     and prospects, together with reports to the Directors about latest information on the Company’s operation, investor relations,
     and information and training materials in relation to directors’ responsibilities. The said reading materials are mainly used for
     providing the Board members with information on significant changes in the regulatory requirements applicable to both the
     Directors and the Company, the latest developments in the industry and the latest development in corporate governance
     practices in a timely manner, which can update their knowledge and skills associated with directors’ duties. The contents
     and information contained in the “monthly circulars” to the Board members are of sufficient details to enable the Directors to
     perform the Directors’ duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules.

     Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Company Secretary also arranges meetings between the Board members and
     front-line business teams in a timely manner, which enable the Board members to enhance understanding of the front-line
     business development of the Company and enable Directors obtaining first hand information of the operation of the business
     of the Company. In addition to arranging training to Directors regularly, the Board members are also encouraged to participate
     in professional training programmes as they consider appropriate, with a view to developing and updating their knowledge and
     skills.

     During the year, based on the training records provided to the Company by the Directors, each Directors participated in
     continuous professional development by attending or delivering talks in seminars and/or conferences and/or forums, and by
     reading information, newspapers, journals and materials on the following topics to develop and refresh their knowledge and
     skills:


      DIRECTORS                                                                   TRAINING TOPICS
                                                            Law and          Corporate        Board                     Business
                                                          regulatory        Governance responsibility                and Industry
      Executive Directors
         Lin Chun                                                      √                    √                   √                   √
         An Xuesong                                                    √                    √                   √                   √
         Wang Yun (resigned on 27 March 2025)                          √                    √                   √                   √
         Yin Yanwu                                                     √                    √                   √                   √

      Non-executive Directors
         Yu Fachang                                                    √                    √                   √                   √
         Qin Hongyuan                                                  √                    √                   √                   √

      Independent Non-executive
      Directors
         Lin Zhijun                                                    √                    √                   √                   √
         Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                         √                    √                   √                   √
         Wong Chun Sek Edmund                                          √                    √                   √                   √




46
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Attendance of the Directors at Board, Board Committee and General Meetings
A total of five Board meetings were held during the year. The regular Board meetings and the regular Board committee
meetings were scheduled and approved by the Board in the preceding year. Unscheduled supplementary meetings (if any)
may also take place as and when necessary with reasonable notice. Formal notices have been sent to all Directors at least
14 days before the regular meetings being held. All Directors are given an opportunity to include matters to be discussed in
the agenda for the Board meeting. In general, the Board agenda and meeting materials have been dispatched to all Board or
relevant committee members for review at least 3 working days before the meetings. According to Article 111 of the Articles,
the Board/Board committee members may participate in Board/Board committee meetings through telephone conferencing or
similar communication equipment.

The agenda has been prepared after sufficient consultation with the Board/Board committee members and the Management
and are then approved by the respective chairmen. The Company Secretary is responsible for submitting the papers of Board
meetings and relevant information to the Directors, who can capture the adequate information timely which is complete and
reliable and which will enable Directors to make an informed decision on matters placed before them. The Board ensures
that Directors, especially Non-executive Directors and INEDs, are provided with sufficient resources in the furtherance of
their duties as Board/Board committee members, including obtaining further information if necessary or seeking independent
professional advice accordingly at the cost of the Company.

The minutes of the Board/Board committee meetings record in sufficient detail of all the issues considered and the decisions
reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting view expressed, made by the Directors/respective Board
committee members. The minutes, upon reviewed by all the Directors/respective Board committee members and signed by
the Chairman of the Board/chairman of the respective Board committees in next meeting, are properly kept by the Company
Secretary or the designated secretary. The Company Secretary or the designated secretary has reported matters arising from
the previous Board/Board committees meeting and the relevant follow-up actions taken.

All the Board members can also seek the advice and services from the Company Secretary or the designated secretaries of the
respective Board committees. The Company Secretary is also responsible for ensuring compliance of the procedures of the
Board as well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations. Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Company Secretary also
arranges at least one meeting annually for the Chairman of the Board to meet the INEDs in the absence of other Directors and
the Management. Directors have separate and independent access to the senior management and employees.




                                                                                                                                 47
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Attendance Rate
     The attendance rate of the Directors at Board meetings and various Board committees meetings as well as the general
     meetings of the Company in 2024 is set out below:

                                                         AUDIT & RISK
                                                        MANAGEMENT        NOMINATION      REMUNERATION              ESG
                                            BOARD         COMMITTEE        COMMITTEE         COMMITTEE        COMMITTEE           GENERAL
          DIRECTORS/MEMBERS                MEETING          MEETING          MEETING           MEETING          MEETING           MEETING
            Yu Fachang                            5/5              N/A              2/2              2/2              N/A              0/1
            Lin Chun1                             4/4              N/A              N/A              N/A              2/2              1/1
            An Xuesong2                           3/3              N/A              N/A              N/A              1/1              1/1
            Wang Yun                              5/5              N/A              N/A              N/A              2/2              1/1
            Yin Yanwu                             5/5              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A              1/1
            Zhang Mingao3                         1/1              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A
            Qin Hongyuan4                         4/4              N/A              N/A              N/A              2/2              1/1
            Pan Wenjie5                           2/2              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A
            Fang Bin6                             1/1              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A
            Lin Zhijun                            4/5            11/11              2/2              2/2              N/A              1/1
            Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                 5/5            11/11              2/2              2/2              2/2              1/1
            Wong Chun Sek Edmund7                 4/4              5/5              N/A              N/A              N/A              1/1
            Chung Shui Ming Timpson8              2/2              6/6              2/2              2/2              N/A              1/1

     Notes:
     1.
               Mr. Lin Chun was appointed as an Executive Director and the Chairman of the ESG Committee on 4 January 2024.
     2.
               Mr. An Xuesong was appointed as an Executive Director and a member of the ESG Committee on 5 April 2024.
     3.
               Mr. Zhang Mingao resigned as an Executive Director and also ceased to be the Chairman of the ESG Committee on 4 January 2024.
     4.
               Mr. Qin Hongyuan was appointed as a Non-executive Director and a member of the ESG Committee on 4 January 2024.
     5.
               Ms. Pan Wenjie resigned as a Non-executive Director on 22 March 2024.
     6.
               Mr. Fang Bin resigned as a Non-executive Director and a member of the ESG Committee on 4 January 2024.
     7.
               Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund was appointed as an INED, a member of each of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the
               Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee on 22 March 2024. He was appointed as the Chairman of the Audit and Risk
               Management Committee on 23 May 2024.
     8.
               Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson retired as an INED, the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board, and a
               member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee on 23 May 2024.


     Every Director performs his/her duties as a Director at all times in good faith, objectively, with diligence and in the best interest
     of CEL. The Directors have to spend substantial time for the meetings of the Board and the Board committees, including
     reading the meeting papers before the meetings, allowing sufficient discussion of the issues in the meetings and having in-
     depth understanding of the follow-up issues under the agenda after the meetings. Directors disclosed to the Company each
     year the number and nature of offices they held in other public companies or organisations and other significant commitments,
     with an indication of the time involved. The Board considers all Directors devoted sufficient time and efforts to deal with
     matters of the Group, and other commitments would not affect the effectiveness of their contribution to or the time available
     for CEL.




48
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




BOARD COMMITTEES
Taking into account the market practices and international best practices in corporate governance, the Board established six
Board committees to assist it in carrying out its relevant responsibilities, including the Executive Board Committee, the Audit
and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the ESG Committee and the
Strategy Committee. In addition, the Board will, if necessary, authorise an independent board committee comprising only
INEDs to review, approve and monitor the connected transactions (including continuing connected transactions) in accordance
with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The “Terms of Reference of the Board” clearly define the terms
of reference of the Board committees. The Board committees can make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters
within their terms of reference, or make decisions under appropriate circumstances within the power as delegated by the
Board. The Board committees submit their reports on their work semi-annually. As mentioned, the “Terms of Reference of the
Board”, which set out the terms of references of all the Board committees, are published on the Company’s website and the
website of the Stock Exchange.

The Management is responsible for providing the Board and Board committees with adequate and timely information which
is complete and reliable and which will enable Directors to make an informed decision on matters placed before them. Where
any Director requires more information than those provided by the Management themselves, he will make further enquiries,
to which the Management must respond quickly and effectively. The Board and individual Directors have separate and
independent access to the senior management.


Executive Board Committee
The Executive Board Committee consisted of all of the four Executive Directors, including Mr. Lin Chun, Mr. An Xuesong, Ms.
Wang Yun and Mr. Yin Yanwu during the year. Mr. Lin Chun, the President, is the chairman of the Executive Board Committee.
With the delegation by the Board, the Executive Board Committee makes decisions as delegated by the Board through
interactive communications from time to time, including:

(a)   to approve the corporate objectives and business development plans proposed by the management;

(b)   to approve material transactions of the Company which are not required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules;

(c)   to approve material issues regarding the Company’s interest as a shareholder of Everbright Bank and Everbright
      Securities in Mainland China;

(d)   to approve bank account opening, change of authorised signatory and other relevant resolutions;

(e)   to approve the renewal of bank loan/facilities, replacement of bank loan/facilities and other relevant resolutions;

(f)   to propose to the Board the establishment or abolishing of any Board committees; and

(g)   to approve other regular procedural matters that the Board agrees to delegate to the Executive Board Committee.

The resolutions passed by the Executive Board Committee have same effect as the resolutions of the Board.




                                                                                                                                  49
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Audit and Risk Management Committee
     The Audit and Risk Management Committee (the “Committee”) currently comprises three members, and all members
     including the chairman are INEDs. The Committee is chaired by Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund and the other members are
     Dr. Lin Zhijun and Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen. All of them possess appropriate professional qualifications and experiences
     in financial matters. Further to the terms of reference as required to be performed by the audit committee under the Listing
     Rules, the Committee also assists the Board in formulating and monitoring the risk management strategy and related
     framework and policy of the Company. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
     affairs assists the Committee in performing the daily risk management function of the Company in order to ensure that the risk
     management and internal control systems have been implemented and complied with. The Committee assists the Board in
     fulfilling its responsibilities relating to the supervision of the financial statements, internal control, risk management (including
     but not limited to the risks relating to ESG), internal audit and external audit of the Company. The written terms of reference
     of the Committee, which were prepared with reference to “A Guide for Effective Audit Committees” published by the Hong
     Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and updated with reference to the requirement of the CG Code, were approved
     and properly authorised by the Board. The Terms of Reference of the Committee is available for inspection on the Company’s
     website. The Committee mainly assists the Board in performing its role in the Company in the following areas, among others:


     Internal Audit Function
           to supervise the Internal Audit Department implementing the annual audit planning reviews, at the time of which the
           Internal Audit Department will review the general adequacy of the accounting system and internal control system and will
           outline the indicated internal audit programme in respect of the Company and its subsidiaries for review and guidance by
           the Committee;

           to discuss and study the highlight of significant events and findings from the Internal Audit Department of which, in their
           opinion, require the Committee’s knowledge and/or attention. Representative of Internal Audit Department will be invited
           to attend the Committee meetings and present the internal control supervision and work reports and other relevant
           inspection reports in respect of the Company and its subsidiaries for the Committee’s discussion. The Committee will
           discuss the reports and report the summary of reports as appropriate to the Board;

           to ensure that co-ordination between the Internal Audit Department and External Auditor is adequate and that the internal
           audit function has adequate resources and appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its
           effectiveness; and

           to review and monitor the effectiveness of the internal control system and the internal audit function based on a risk
           methodology process.

     In addition, pursuant to code provisions D.2 and D.3.3 of the CG Code, the Committee conducted an annual review of the
     effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Company with the assistance of the Vice President of
     the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and the Internal Audit Department. The internal control review
     of the Group covered all material aspects, including financial, operational and compliance controls as well as risk management.
     Upon completion of the review, the Committee agreed with the review results of the Internal Audit Department that the
     key areas of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems were reasonably implemented and were able to
     prevent material misstatements or losses, safeguard the Company’s assets, maintain appropriate accounting records, ensure
     compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and generally the internal control requirements of the CG Code have been
     fulfilled. Such views were recommended to the Board. Please refer to the section headed “Internal Control” for details about
     the said review.




50
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




External Auditor
      to appoint, retain, dismiss and replace the Company’s External Auditor, subject to endorsement by the Board and
      final approval and authorisation by the Shareholders in general meetings, and to approve the remuneration and terms
      of engagement of the External Auditor, and any questions of its resignation or dismissal; and monitor the associated
      fees and independence of the External Auditor to ensure that the performance of non-audit services does not impair
      the independence of the External Auditor in connection with their audit. The non-audit service to be performed by the
      External Auditor shall be separately identified in connection with its pre-approval if the total amount of fees exceeds the
      annual caps authorised by the Committee;

      to meet the External Auditor at least annually, in the absence of the Management, to discuss matters relating to any
      issues arising from the audit and any accounting, financial reporting or internal control matters the External Auditor may
      wish to raise;

      to review and monitor the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards and discuss with
      the External Auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit commences;

      to review the work of the External Auditor (including the resolution of any disagreement between the Management and
      the External Auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work,
      the scope of their audit and any other services, and approve the fees for and terms of their services;

      review with the External Auditor recent or anticipated developments in accounting principles or reporting practices that
      may affect the Company or the scope of the audit; and discuss major anticipated audit problems, if any;

      to review results of audits performed by the External Auditor including any changes in accounting procedures and/or the
      system of internal controls noted or developed during the audit examination along with matters of controversy, if any,
      with the Management, determine appropriate actions required on significant control weaknesses, and recommend such
      actions to the Board; and

      to review the External Auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the External Auditor to the
      Management about accounting records, financial statements or systems of control and the Management’s response.


Financial Reporting
      to review and monitor the completeness, accuracy and fairness of half-year and annual financial statements before
      submission to the Board with particular regard to changes in accounting policies and practices, major judgmental areas,
      adequacy of disclosure, consistency within the financial statements and with prior disclosures, any significant audit
      adjustments, the going concern assumption and any qualifications, compliance with any applicable legal requirements
      and accounting standards and compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules and other legal requirements in
      relation to financial reporting.

The Committee invites the Group’s Vice President in charge of Finance, Vice President in charge of Risk Management, Legal
and Compliance, Head of Internal Audit Department and External Auditor to attend all its meetings.

The Committee considers any significant and unusual items that are, or may need to be, reflected in the report and financial
statements, and gives due consideration to any matters that have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the
accounting and financial reporting function, compliance officer or auditors.




                                                                                                                                     51
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Risk Management
     Pursuant to code provisions D.2.3 and D.2.4 of the CG Code, with assistance of the Vice President of the Group in charge of
     Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, the Committee considers and reports to the Board for its review of:

     (a)   the changes, since the last review, in the nature and extent of significant risks (including ESG risks), and how the
           Company responds to changes in its business and the external environment;

     (b)   the scope and quality of the Management’s ongoing monitoring of risks (including ESG risks) and of the internal control
           system and the work of internal audit;

     (c)   the monitoring results, which enable it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness of risk management;

     (d)   significant control failings or weaknesses identified (if any) and the extent that they have caused unforeseen outcomes or
           contingencies that could have material impact on the Company’s financial performance or condition; and

     (e)   the effectiveness of the processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.

     In addition, the Committee monitors the Company to disclose the following in the Risk Management Report:

     (a)   the process used to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks;

     (b)   additional information to explain its risk management processes and internal control system;

     (c)   an acknowledgement by the Board that it is responsible for the internal control system and reviewing its effectiveness;

     (d)   the process used to review the effectiveness of the internal control system; and

     (e)   the process used to resolve material internal control defects for any significant problems disclosed in its annual reports
           and financial statements.

     A comprehensive analysis of the risks affecting the businesses of the Company and the associated mitigation measures is set
     out in the Risk Management Report on pages 66 to 74 in this Annual Report.


     Corporate Governance
           reviewing and dealing with the Company’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions, the effectiveness
           of the Company’s corporate governance structures and its implementation;

           overseeing the Company to abide by any applicable laws and comply with regulations of the relevant regulators and
           maintain its business ethics; and

           making recommendations to the Board where necessary, and carrying out duties within the delegated authority of the
           Board.




52
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Whistleblowing
The Committee is responsible for monitoring the use and effectiveness of the whistleblowing policy for employees and third
parties who deal with the Group, such as the Group’s clients and suppliers that provide products or services to the Group,
to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the senior management of the Group or the Committee about possible
improprieties in any matter related to the Group, including but not limited to breach of legal or regulatory requirement, breach
of policy or code of conduct of the Group, illegal activity, misconduct or fraud involving internal control, accounting, audit and
financial matters, and misconduct or immoral behavior that may prejudice the reputation of the Group, etc. When employees
and third parties reasonably suspect any misconduct in the Group, they can notify the Vice President of the Group in charge of
Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, who shall investigate the matter and report to the Committee if a prima facie case is
established. If, for any reason, the whistleblower does not wish to report to the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
Management, Legal and Compliance, then the whistleblower can report to the chairman of the Committee. The Committee
shall then decide how the investigation is to be proceeded, and ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and
independent investigation of these matters for appropriate follow-up action. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
Management, Legal and Compliance and the Company Secretary of the Company shall report to the Committee annually at
the Committee’s meeting in respect of all whistleblowing cases received during the year under the whistleblowing policy
and the respective status of handling. The Group’s whistleblowing policy is available on the Company’s website under the
“Sustainability” column.

Eleven Committee meetings were held during the year with an attendance rate of 100%. The work performed by the
Committee in 2024 included the review and, where applicable, approval of:

      the Company’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the annual results announcement thereof,
      which were recommended to the Board for approval;

      the Company’s interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and the interim results
      announcement thereof, which were recommended to the Board for approval;

      the audit report and management letter submitted by the external auditor;

      the quarterly risk assessment report submitted by the risk management function;

      the internal control supervision and work reports and other relevant inspection report submitted by the Internal Audit
      Department;

      the recommendation of the appointment of external auditor, and the audit fees and non-audit fees payable to external
      auditor for the annual audit, interim review and other non-audit services; and

      CEL’s internal audit plan and key areas of the internal audit work focus for 2025.




                                                                                                                                     53
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     In addition, the Committee also assisted the Board in performing the internal control and risk management function, including:

           to review the systems of financial control, internal control and risk management;

           to discuss the internal control system with the Management to ensure that the Management has performed its duty to
           have an effective internal control system. This discussion should include:

           (a)   to review annually the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget
                 of accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function, as well as those relating to CEL’s ESG performance
                 and reporting;

           (b)   to consider major investigation findings on internal control matters as delegated by the Board or on its own
                 initiative and the Management’s response to these findings of CEL;

           (c)   to review financial and accounting policies and practices. Special meetings may be called at the discretion of the
                 chairman or the request of senior management to review significant control or financial issues;

           (d)   to review the annual general representation letter from the Management; and

           (e)   to review the effectiveness of internal audit function of the Company and monitor its results.

     The Company Secretary will ensure that the Committee is provided with sufficient resources to perform its duties according to
     the instruction of the Chairman of the Committee.


     Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee currently has four members comprising Mr. Yu Fachang, the Chairman of the Board and a Non-
     executive Director, and three INEDs, namely Dr. Lin Zhijun, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen and Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund.
     Dr. Lin Zhijun, an INED, is the chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee is responsible for assisting
     the Board in nominating the right candidates for directorship and senior management positions as well as for evaluating the
     competence of the candidates to ensure that they are in line with the Company’s overall development directions and related
     requirements under the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its supervisory role over the
     Company in the following areas, among others:

           to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
           annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate
           strategy;

           to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations to the Board on
           the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

           to assess the independence of INEDs annually;

           to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for
           Directors, in particular the Chairman and the President;

           to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of the senior management;

           to review the “Director Nomination & Succession Policy” and make recommendation of amendments to the Board when
           needed;

           to monitor the implementation of “Board Diversity Policy” of the Company and review and report Board diversity related
           matters to the Board annually;

           to advise the Board on potential director succession planning to achieve gender diversity on the Board; and

           to review the implementation and effectiveness of mechanisms to ensure independent views and input annually.
54
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




For the recruitment of Directors and senior management, the Nomination Committee first takes into account the skills,
knowledge and experiences of the Board and Board committees, and the business requirements of the Company in order to
determine the key requirements for the candidates and objective criteria for selection. Such criteria include relevant expertise,
integrity, industry experiences and independence, etc., taking into account the benefits of diversity, including but not limited to
gender diversity.

The provisions set out in the above paragraphs are the key nomination criteria and principles of the Company for nomination
of directors, and these constitute the “Director Nomination & Succession Policy” of the Company adopted by the Nomination
Committee during the year. The Nomination Committee monitors and reviews such policy annually.

The Nomination Committee held two meetings in the year and passed one resolution in writing to transact its business for
making recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Executive Director and President, Executive Director and Vice
President, Non-executive Director and INED, reviewing the structure, size and composition (including skills, experience and
knowledge) of the Board and the Board committees, reviewing the “Board Diversity Policy” and the “Director Nomination &
Succession Policy”, assessing the independence of the INEDs and making recommendations to the Board on the re-election
of the retiring Directors at the annual general meeting of the Company, etc. The attendance rate of the Nomination Committee
meetings was 100%.


Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee currently has four members comprising Mr. Yu Fachang, the Chairman of the Board and a Non-
executive Director, and three INEDs, namely Dr. Lin Zhijun, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen and Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund. The
Remuneration Committee is chaired by Dr. Lin Zhijun, an INED. The Remuneration Committee, as delegated by the Board, is
responsible for assisting the Board in overseeing the Group’s human resources and remuneration policies. The Remuneration
Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its supervisory role over the Company in the following areas, among others:

      to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior managements
      remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy;

      to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
      objectives;

      to determine, with delegated responsibility, remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors and senior
      management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable
      for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

      to assess the performance of Executive Directors and to approve the terms of Executive Directors’ services contracts;

      to ensure the fairness and reasonableness of the overall human resources and remuneration policies of the Company;

      to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of Non-executive Directors and INEDs;

      to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions
      elsewhere in the Company;

      to review and approve compensation payable to Executive Directors and senior management for any loss or termination
      of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

      to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure
      that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;

      to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration; and

      if the Shareholders approve and adopt the share schemes in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, the
      Remuneration Committee, in accordance with the requirement of the Listing Rules, will be authorised to review and/or
      approve matters relating to the share schemes (if applicable).

                                                                                                                                      55
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     A total of two meetings were held by the Remuneration Committee during the year with an attendance rate of 100%. The work
     performed by the Remuneration Committee in 2024 included the review and, where applicable, approval of:

           the performance appraisal of the Executive Directors and senior management for the year 2023;

           the proposal on staff bonus (including the senior management) for the year 2023 and salary adjustments for the year
           2024 for the Company; and

           the proposal of remuneration package of newly appointed Executive Director for the year 2024.

     Directors’ Remuneration Policy
     To ensure that the Directors receive remuneration commensurate with the time and effort they dedicate to the Company,
     Directors and senior management’s remuneration should be appropriate and reflect their duty and responsibility to fulfill the
     expectations of the Shareholders and meet regulatory requirements. The Board is authorised by a resolution passed at the
     annual general meeting each year to fix the remuneration of Directors. The Remuneration Committee, as delegated by the
     Board, in proposing the remuneration of Directors, makes reference to companies of comparable business type or scale,
     and the nature and quantity of work at both Board and Board committees (including frequency of meetings and nature of
     agenda items). The Remuneration Committee also determines the specific remuneration package of Executive Directors
     and senior management, including share options and benefits in kind. The Board, based on the recommendations of the
     Remuneration Committee, approves the remuneration policy of the Company. Currently the principal components of the
     Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management include the basic salary, a discretionary
     bonus and other benefits in kind. According to the directors’ remuneration policy of the Company, Executive Directors and Non-
     executive Directors shall not receive any directors’ emolument and salary for their office of Directors. For the employment
     of an Executive Director in any executive position of the Group, such Executive Director is entitled to a basic salary and
     allowance and a discretionary bonus, which are determined by the Remuneration Committee with reference to his/her duties
     and responsibilities, his/her performance, the performance of the Group and the market conditions. A significant portion of the
     Executive Directors’ or senior management’s discretionary bonus is based on the Company’s and the individual’s performance
     during the year in order to achieve an appropriate compensation level. INEDs are entitled to a Director’s fee and basic allowance
     as well as an allowance for attending each meeting of Board and Board committees, which are determined by the Board with
     reference to the market conditions. None of the Directors is entitled to determine his/her own remuneration package. The
     Remuneration Committee reviews and approves the annual and long term performance targets for senior management with
     reference to corporate goals and objectives approved by the Board from time to time. The Remuneration Committee also
     reviews the performance of the senior management against the targets set on an ongoing basis, and reviews and approves the
     specific performance- based remuneration of the senior management. The Remuneration Committee seeks professional advice
     in appropriate circumstance at the cost of the Company.

     The remuneration received by each of the Directors in 2024 is listed in note 8(a) to the financial statements in this Annual
     Report. The current Directors’ remuneration approved by the Board as authorised by Shareholders at the general meeting is as
     follows:

     There is no Director’s fee for Executive Directors and Non-executive Directors. The Director’s fee is HK$200,000 per annum
     for each INED who has served for one full year and pro-rated for INED who did not serve for one full year. There is no standard
     fee for INEDs for acting as member(s) of the Remuneration Committee, Audit and Risk Management Committee, Nomination
     Committee, ESG Committee and Strategy Committee. However, an allowance is to be paid to INEDs for attending the following
     meetings:

     (a)   HK$12,000 for attending a Board meeting;

     (b)   HK$7,000 for attending a meeting of the Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, ESG Committee and
           Strategy Committee; and

     (c)   HK$20,000 for the chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee attending its meeting and HK$16,000 for
           other members.

     A basic allowance in a total amount of HK$100,000 is to be paid to each INED every year, which will be distributed in two equal
     installments by 30 June and 31 December of each year.




56
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
The remuneration of the members of the senior management (including Executive Director) by band for the year ended 31
December 2024 is set out below:


 REMUNERATION BANDS (HK$)                                                                    NUMBER OF PERSONS
 HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                              2
 HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                              3

Further particulars regarding Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees as required to be disclosed pursuant
to Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules are set out in note 8 to the financial statements.


Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
The ESG Committee was established by the Board in 2021 and aims to integrate ESG principles into business decision-making
procedures and keep pace with other international enterprises on ESG. During the year, the ESG Committee had five members
comprising three Executive Directors, namely Mr. Lin Chun, Mr. An Xuesong and Ms. Wang Yun, a non-executive Director,
Dr. Qin Hongyuan, and an INED, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen. Mr. Lin Chun is the chairman of the ESG Committee. The ESG
Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in and reporting to the Board on the following areas, among others:

      to formulate and review the Group’s ESG vision, strategies, targets, governance structure and policies, and to monitor
      the incorporation of ESG principles into the business decision-making procedures;

      to identify and assess material ESG issues involving the business of the Group and/or other significant stakeholders and
      their priority, and to formulate the policy for communication with stakeholders;

      to review and monitor the implementation of the Group’s ESG policies and measures and the ESG-related risk
      management and internal control system;

      to monitor the Group’s ESG performance and effectiveness; and

      to review the ESG reports prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules or other applicable laws and
      regulations, and to make recommendations to the Board for approval and confirming the issuance of ESG statements of
      the Board.

The ESG Committee held two meetings during the year to review the work plan of the ESG working group and adopt the ESG
policies, including the “Climate Change Policy”, of the Group, etc. The attendance rate of the ESG Committee meeting was
100%.


Strategy Committee
The Strategy Committee is responsible for studying the long term strategy and planning of the Group and making
recommendations to the Board for the middle and long term development strategies of the Group. The Strategy Committee
currently has six members comprising, the Chairman of the Board and a Non-executive Director, Mr. Yu Fachang, two Executive
Directors, Mr. Lin Chun and Mr. An Xuesong, and three INEDs Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, Dr. Lin Zhijun and Mr. Wong Chun
Sek Edmund. Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, an INED, is the chairman of the Strategy Committee.


Independent Board Committee
An Independent Board Committee will be formed from time to time to make recommendation and give advice to the
independent Shareholders on voting on the Company’s connected transactions and continuing connected transactions or other
transactions of the Group that require independent Shareholders’ approval at general meetings.




                                                                                                                                 57
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
     CEL aims to ensure that the disclosures provide meaningful information and do not give a misleading impression. As part
     of the Company’s system of internal control, the Management Decision Committee formed by the Management submits a
     “Representation Letter” to the Board, in which they give their confirmation on the competence of the accounting records, the
     compliance of financial reporting, the accuracy of the fair value of the investment projects and that the information provided
     to the External Auditor and Board members are of full range, complete, correct and without omission, covering financial and
     relevant non-financial information. The letter forms the supporting documents for the Board to sign off the Representation
     Letter to the External Auditor.


     INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board has the responsibility of ensuring that the Company maintains sound and effective internal control to safeguard the
     Company’s assets. The internal control system is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
     misstatement or loss; to manage, but not completely eliminate, the risks of system failure; and to assist in achieving the
     Company’s objectives. In addition to safeguarding the Company’s assets, it also ensures the maintenance of proper accounting
     records and compliance with relevant laws and regulations.

     The Company’s risk management and internal control systems include several different functions: business units, operations,
     risk management, legal and compliance, institutional sales, brand management, company secretarial, finance and accounting,
     human resources, information technology, administration, internal audit, etc., which constitute a comprehensive operating
     system for the Company. Riding on the concept of comprehensive risk management and internal control systems, the
     Management establishes detailed governing procedures in all levels, which are monitored by qualified professionals with
     extensive management experience and continuously updated according to the Company’s latest business development.


     The Group’s monitoring structure
     In order to fully control the level of risk and to monitor the internal management effectively, the Company integrates the
     requirements of risk management and internal control into the corporate management and business processes by setting up
     “three lines of defense”:


     1st. The risk management performed by frontline departments
           In response to the business conditions and its development, the business units perform systematic analysis, verification,
           management and monitoring on risk factors from different perspectives, such as strategic risk, market risk, financial risk,
           operational risk and ESG risk, etc. The Management sets business goals and the overall risk limits at both the business
           unit level and the Company level. Based on the nature of the business activities, the Management sets up approval,
           verification and monitoring processes to ensure the business development and risk management complement each
           other, and to ensure that the business goals can be achieved by managing risk effectively. By adopting a comprehensive,
           systematic and proactive framework of risk management and internal control, the Company’s business can be developed
           more effectively and efficiently.


     2nd. Continuously monitoring by middle and back office
           The middle and back offices, including Finance and Accounting Department, Operations Centre, Risk Management,
           Legal and Compliance Department, Company Secretarial Department/Board Office, etc., must set up relevant internal
           control and management systems to monitor the risk exposures, supplement and update the internal control and
           management procedures based on the latest business development and changes of risk. Meanwhile, middle and back
           offices and business units work independently to perform financial, operational and compliance monitoring as well as risk
           management functions within the Company.




58
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




3rd. The independent review of internal audit
      Internal audit is an independent department carrying out objective review and providing advisory service. It uses
      systematic and standardised approach to evaluate whether the operating activities, risk management and internal control
      are appropriate and effective. The Head of Internal Audit Department reports directly to the Audit and Risk Management
      Committee on its work while the daily administrative and human resource matters of the department are reported to the
      President of the Group.

      Based on the risk oriented principle, Internal Audit compiles annual audit plan and rolling audit plan to make sure that
      its audit covers all business and operation processes and their related risks. In accordance with the annual audit plan
      approved by the Audit and Risk Management Committee, Internal Audit reviews the effectiveness of the Company’s
      risk management and internal control systems, and prepares internal audit reports quarterly for the Audit and Risk
      Management Committee to review and the relevant management to follow up. Internal Audit also submits the audit
      follow-up reports quarterly to ensure that the management and relevant departments have taken appropriate actions
      towards the audit suggestion which aims at improving the risk management and internal control procedures.

      Based on the results of the relevant internal audit and assessment of internal control, Internal Audit develops,
      implements and updates the internal audit strategy so as to improve the quality of audit.


The review of risk management and internal control by the Board
Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department prepares the risk management report on a quarterly basis and submits
it to the Audit and Risk Management Committee for review. The report outlines the risks faced by CEL, changes in business
activities, compliance issues and recommendations. In addition, the Board reviews the effectiveness of CEL’s risk management
and internal control systems with the assistance of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, which covers all material
control including financial, operational and compliance control, and the risk management (included but not limited to the risk in
relation to ESG) system. The results of the annual review of the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal
control systems were reported to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Board by the Internal Audit Department.
The Board acknowledged that the risk management and internal control systems of the Company during the review period
were effective and adequate.

The Board acknowledges that it has the ultimate responsibility to ensure that there are sound and effective financial control,
internal audit and accounting functions. The Board delegates the Audit and Risk Management Committee with the responsibility
of reviewing the adequacy of the resources of accounting and financial report, and internal audit functions, as well as those
relating to ESG performance and reporting on an annual basis, with the assistance of the Management and the Internal Audit
Department. The scope of the review covers the staffing and back-up resources, their relevant working experiences and years
served, recognised professional qualifications, the adequacy of budget for training and the corresponding training. The results of
the annual review were reported to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Board.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Board consider that the material aspects of the Company’s risk
management and internal control systems are reasonably implemented and are able to prevent significant misstatements or
losses, whilst safeguarding the Group’s assets, maintaining appropriate accounting records and complying with applicable laws
and regulations. Such internal control system has basically fulfilled the requirements of the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1
of the Listing Rules regarding risk management and internal control systems in general.

In addition, CEL has established and implemented the following internal control system:

      The Management established an organisational structure with different hierarchies of duties, authorities and
      responsibilities of personnel; formulated written policies and procedures to provide checks and balances for the
      authorities of different departments; reasonably safeguarded the assets and the implementation of the internal control
      measures of the Company; and operated in compliance with laws and regulations under effective risk control.

      The Management formulated and continually monitored the implementation of the Company’s development strategies,
      business plans and financial budgets. The accounting and management systems were also in place to provide the basis
      for evaluating the financial and operational performance.



                                                                                                                                     59
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




           The Company formulated various risk management and human resource management policies. Specific units and
           personnel were responsible for identifying, assessing and managing each of the major risks types. These include
           reputation, strategic, legal, compliance, credit, market, operation, liquidity and interest rate risk.

           The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance is responsible for the routine risk
           management work of the Company and for supporting and assisting the Management in defining and evaluating the risk
           exposures of the Company’s businesses and conducting the co-ordination thereof. He assesses, identifies and records
           the risk structure of the Company and ensures the relevant business units are aware of such issues. He regularly reports
           to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Management Decision Committee. The Risk Management, Legal
           and Compliance Department assists him in carrying out his duties.

           The Audit and Risk Management Committee reviews the letter of recommendation submitted by the External Auditor to
           the Management in connection with the annual audit. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for ensuring that the
           recommendations are promptly followed, and also periodically reports the status of the implementation thereof to the
           Audit and Risk Management Committee and keep the Management informed with updated information.


     Anti-corruption
     The Group has established policies and systems that promote and support anti-corruption laws and regulations. Please refer to
     the paragraphs headed “Anti-Corruption” in the separate ESG Report for 2024. The ESG report is published on the websites of
     the Company at www.everbright.com (by clicking “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” under “Sustainability”) and
     the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report in compliance with the
     ESG Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.


     RISK MANAGEMENT
     With assistance of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the
     nature and extent of the risks that it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives. With assistance of the
     Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and the Management, the Audit and Risk Management Committee is
     responsible for ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal
     control systems. The Management’s written confirmation on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
     system’s structure, their implementation and monitoring to the Board has been set out in the Risk Management Report on
     pages 66 to 74 in this Annual Report.


     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted its own “Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant Employees” (the “Code”) on
     terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
     Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules to govern the securities transactions of the Directors
     and relevant employees of the Company. Following a specific enquiry made by the Company, all Directors confirmed that
     they have complied with the required standard set out in both the Code and the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
     December 2024.


     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     The Company adopted a new Articles of Association of the Company (the “New Articles”) during the year, in order to (i)
     comply with the Core Shareholder Protection Standards as set out in Appendix A1 of the Listing Rules; (ii) bring it in line with
     the relevant provisions of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Companies Ordinance”) and
     Listing Rules; and (iii) incorporate certain housekeeping amendments in connection therewith (collectively, the “Amendments”).
     Details of the Amendments are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 16 April 2024 and the circular of the
     Company dated 18 April 2024.




60
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




On 23 May 2024, the New Articles is approved by the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution at 2024
AGM.

Save as disclosed above, there is no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year. The full text of the
New Articles is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


EXTERNAL AUDITOR
On 23 May 2024, Ernst & Young (“EY”) retired as the auditor of the Company at the conclusion of 2024 AGM. With the
approval of Shareholders at 2024 AGM, the Company appointed KPMG, Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong (“KPMG”) as
the external auditor for the year ended 31 December 2024. A statement by KPMG about their reporting responsibilities for the
financial statements is included in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this Annual Report.

Pursuant to the responsibility delegated by the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee had reviewed and monitored
the independence, objectivity and effectiveness of KPMG, the Group’s External Auditor, on their audit procedures, and the
results were satisfactory. Upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Board had proposed
that KPMG be re-appointed as auditor of the Group. Subject to the approval by the Shareholders at the Company’s 2025
annual general meeting, KPMG will be re-appointed as auditor of the Group and the Board will be authorised to fix the auditor’s
remuneration.

For 2024, KPMG charged total fees of HK$11,960,000 for audit services, HK$2,212,000 for non-audit services (including
HK$1,700,000 for the review of the interim financial statements and HK$512,000 for tax and other services). For 2023, EY
charged total fees of HK$16,000,000 for audit services, HK$2,547,000 for non-audit services (including HK$1,844,000 for the
review of interim financial statements and HK$703,000 for tax and other services).


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following statement should be read in conjunction with the auditor’s statement of its responsibilities as set out in
the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in the 2024 Annual Report of the Company. The statement sets out for the
Shareholders the respective responsibilities of the Directors and the auditors in relation to the financial statements.

The Directors are required by the Companies Ordinance to prepare financial statements which give a true and fair view of the
state of affairs of the Company. The financial statements should be prepared on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate
to do so. The Directors have the responsibility of ensuring that the Company keeps accounting records which disclose with
reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Company and which enable them to ensure that the financial statements
comply with the requirements of the Companies Ordinance. The Directors also have general responsibilities for taking such
steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other
irregularities.

The Directors consider that in preparing the financial statements in the 2024 Annual Report, the Company has adopted
appropriate accounting policies which have been consistently applied with the support of reasonable and prudent judgments
and estimates, and that all accounting standards which they consider to be applicable have been followed. Directors ensure
that the financial statements are prepared so as to give a true and fair view of the financial status, results and cash flow status
of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                      61
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     EFFECTIVE DISCLOSURE MECHANISM AND HANDLING OF INSIDE INFORMATION
     The Board reviews and monitors from time to time the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure process for reports,
     announcements and inside information. It encourages and takes necessary steps to disclose information in a timely manner
     and to ensure the information concerning the Company is expressed and communicated in a clear and objective manner that
     enables the Shareholders and the public to appraise the position of the Company to make informed investment decisions.

     The Company’s “Inside Information Policy” maintains procedures and internal control for the handling and dissemination of
     its inside information. The Board is aware of its obligations under the Listing Rules. The overriding principle is that information
     which is expected to be inside information should be announced immediately when it is the subject of a decision. The Company
     has stated in its “Inside Information Policy” that it has a strict prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential or inside
     information and has established and implemented procedures for responding to external enquiries about the Company’s affairs.


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     General Meetings
     The Board attaches a high degree of importance to non-interrupted communications with Shareholders, especially direct
     dialogue with them at the Company’s annual general meetings. General meetings are the primary platform for communication
     with Shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to actively participate in such meetings so appropriate arrangements will be
     made. Shareholders who are unable to attend the general meetings may also appoint proxies to attend and vote on their behalf.

     Directors, including the Chairman of the Board and of each of board committees or his representative and INEDs, and
     representatives of external auditor, will be present at the Company’s annual general meeting to address to questions and
     comments raise by Shareholders. Shareholders can express their concerns to the INEDs.

     In addition, the Company also provide further information on the annual general meetings in a circular to Shareholders, together
     with the notice of the meetings and the latest annual report, will be sent not less than 21 clear days. This includes background
     information to the proposed resolutions and information on the retirement and re-election of Directors in order to enable all
     Shareholders to understand their rights at and the agenda of the annual general meeting and to make voting decisions with
     sufficient information. The Company may also convene other extraordinary general meetings in accordance with applicable
     regulations and rules. A circular to the Shareholders together with the notice of the extraordinary general meetings will be sent
     at least 14 days before such meetings.

     The poll results of the general meetings will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange and the website of the
     Company as soon as possible on the day of such meetings.

     Through the Company Secretary, the Chairman ensures that appropriate steps are taken to provide effective communication
     with Shareholders and that their views are communicated to the Board as a whole.


     Shareholders’ Communication Policy
     The Company always advocates that all Shareholders shall be provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and
     easy-to-understand information about the Company (including its financial summary, business introduction, corporate profile,
     introduction of corporate governance, business and contact information of investor relations), which allow the Shareholders to
     exercise their rights in an informed manner, and also improve communications between the Shareholders, potential investors
     and other stakeholders with the Company.

     The Company has adopted a formal “Shareholders’ Communication Policy” which is posted on the Company’s website under
     “Investor Relations” column. The Company believes that communicating with the Shareholders and investors by electronic
     means (in particular through the Company’s website (www.everbright.com)) is an efficient way of delivering information in a
     timely and convenient manner. The “Investor Relations” section is available on the Company’s website. Important and relevant
     information about the Company is published on the Company’s website and updated from time to time to ensure that the
     Shareholders receive relevant information in an effective and timely manner. All regulatory disclosures/related information
     will be published by the Company on the Stock Exchange in accordance with applicable regulations and rules and will be also



62
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024




posted on the Company’s website immediately thereafter. Regularly published information includes but not limited to financial
statements (annual report and interim report), result announcements, circulars, notices of general meetings, announcements
and monthly returns on movements in securities, etc. The briefing materials provided in the annual general meeting and the
result announcement of the Company are posted on the website of the Company as soon as possible once the materials
are published. The contents published by the Company regarding all press releases, corporate profiles, corporate structure,
biographical information of the Directors and the Management, service philosophy and corporate social responsibility are posted
on the website of the Company. Corporate communications are provided to the Shareholders and the public in plain language
and in both English and Chinese versions to facilitate understanding of the Shareholders and other stakeholders of the Group.
Web-casting services are provided on the meetings announcing the interim and final results of the Company.

To support environmental protection, the Company actively encourages the Shareholders to read the Company’s
communication documents through the Company’s website. The Company believes this is also the most convenient and
fastest way to communicate with the Shareholders. When the Company’s corporate communication documents are posted,
Shareholders who have chosen to receive electronic communications will be notified of the publication of such documents.
Shareholders listed in the Company’s register of members who indicate their mailing preference will receive corporate
communication documents sent by the Company by post. Shareholders may change the method of receiving corporate
communications, including the choice of language and means of receiving corporate communications, at any time by notifying
the Company’s Share Registrar.

Physical or online investor briefings and one-on-one meetings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media
interviews, marketing activities for investors and specialist industry forums are available on a regular basis in order to facilitate
communications between the Company and the Shareholders and other stakeholders.

The general meeting is the principal opportunity and ideal venue for Shareholders to exchange views on the Company’s
business with the Directors and the Management. The Board therefore encourages Shareholders to attend the annual general
meeting, exercise their right to speak and vote, and give valuable advice on the Company’s operational and governance matters.
A Q&A session is held at each general meeting to give opportunities to Shareholders to raise questions and share their views
in relation to the Group’s affairs. Directors (including the Chairman of the Board, the INEDs and the chairman of the Board
committees, or their duly appointed delegates) and the Management should be available at general meetings to respond to the
Shareholders’ questions and comments. The Company also ensures that the representative of the External Auditor attend the
Company’s annual general meetings to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the
auditors’ report, the accounting policies and auditor independence, etc.

The Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor
Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong with contact number of (+852) 2980 1333.
The Company shall ensure effective and timely dissemination of information to the Shareholders and the public at all times.
The Shareholders, potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group may direct their questions to the Corporate
Communications Team by email to ir@everbright.com or by phone at (+852) 2528 9882.

Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy” of the Company, the
Board considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy has provided effective channels for Shareholders,
potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group to communicate their views with the Company and the Company has
complied with the principles and required practices as set out in the policy as described above during the year.


Dividend Policy
The Board has adopted a “Dividend Policy” for the Company. In principle, the policy allows the Shareholders to share the
profits of the Company to obtain reasonable, stable and sustainable dividend returns whilst retaining an adequate cash level
to meet general working capital and future development requirements. Based on the above principle, the Company intends to
distribute an appropriate amount of annual dividends, part of which may be declared in the form of an interim dividend, subject
to the Articles, the Companies Ordinance and other applicable laws and regulations and taking into account any factor that the
Board considers relevant. The dividend policy of the Company is subject to periodic review by the Board. The dividend policy
does not form any commitment on distribution of dividends to the Shareholders and there is no assurance that dividends will be
paid in any particular amount for any given period.




                                                                                                                                        63
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Shareholders’ Rights
     The Board respects the Shareholders’ rights set out in the Articles and relevant applicable laws and regulations. The
     Board attaches great importance to maintaining effective communication with shareholders. It also makes every effort to
     keep Shareholders informed of the Company’s business and affairs through various channels and direct dialogue with the
     Shareholders.

     Shareholders are entitled to convene an extraordinary general meeting, make any proposals at Shareholders’ meetings and
     propose a person for election as a Director. Please see the detailed procedure as follows:


          the way in which Shareholders can convene a general meeting:

          Shareholder(s) representing at least 5 per cent of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at
          general meetings can make a request to call a general meeting pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance.

          The request –

          (a)   must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting;

          (b)   may include the text of a resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the meeting;

          (c)   may consist of several documents in like form;

          (d)   may be sent in hard copy form or in electronic form to the Company Secretary at the Company’s registered office
                (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong) or by way of email to ir@everbright.com; and

          (e)   must be authenticated by the person or persons making it.

          Pursuant to Section 567 of the Companies Ordinance, Directors must call a general meeting within 21 days after the date
          on which they become subject to the requirement and the meeting so called must be held on a date not more than 28
          days after the date of the notice convening the meeting. If the Directors do not do so, the Shareholders who requested
          the meeting, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves
          convene a general meeting pursuant to Section 568 of the Companies Ordinance, but the meeting must be called for a
          date not more than 3 months after the date on which the Directors become subject to the requirement to call a general
          meeting. The Company will reimburse any reasonable expenses incurred by the Shareholders requesting the meeting by
          reason of the failure of the Directors duly to call a general meeting.


          the procedures for making proposals at Shareholders’ meetings:

          The following Shareholders are entitled to put forward a proposal (which may properly be put to the meeting) for
          consideration at a general meeting of the Company:

          (a)   Shareholders representing not less than 2.5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders who have a right to vote
                on the resolution at the general meeting to which the requests relate; or

          (b)   not fewer than 50 Shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the general meeting to which the
                requests relate.

          The requisition specifying the proposal, duly signed by the Shareholders concerned, together with a statement of not
          more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in the proposal, must be deposited at the registered office
          of the Company (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong) not less than six weeks before the
          general meeting. The Company will take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements, and the Shareholders
          concerned will be responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto in accordance with the requirements
          under Sections 615 and 616 of the Companies Ordinance once valid documents are received.


64
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




      the procedure for Director’s nomination and election by Shareholders:

      If a Shareholder wishes to propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as a Director at a general meeting,
      the Shareholder should lodge at the registered office of the Company (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
      Road, Hong Kong) by reference to the “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director”
      posted on the website of the Company, (a) a notice signed by such Shareholder (other than the proposed person) duly
      qualified to attend and vote at the meeting of his/her intention to propose such person for election; and (b) a notice
      signed by the proposed person indicating his/her willingness to be elected. The period during which the aforesaid
      notices may be given will be at least seven days. Such period will commence on the day after the despatch of the notice
      of the general meeting for which such notices are given and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such
      general meeting. The Company will take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements in accordance with the
      requirements under Article 122 of the Articles once valid notices are received, and the Shareholder concerned will be
      responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto. Shareholders are welcome to send any written enquiries
      to the Board for the attention of the Company Secretary either by post to the registered office of the Company at 46th
      Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong or by way of email to ir@everbright.com. The Company
      Secretary will direct enquiries received to appropriate Board member(s) or the chairman of the Board Committee(s) who
      is in charge of the areas of concern referred therein for further handling. The Board, assisted by the Company Secretary,
      would make its best efforts to ensure that all such enquiries are addressed in a timely manner.


SUSTAINABLE CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The Company attaches great importance to corporate social responsibility. The Board is committed to undertaking corporate
social responsibility by strengthening relationship with its stakeholders with a view to contributing to the sustainable
development of the economy, society and environment. The Company consistently supports and participates in activities
that are beneficial to the community. A separate ESG report for 2024 is published on the websites of the Company
at www.everbright.com (by clicking “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” under “Sustainability”) and the
Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report in compliance with the
Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Wan Kim Ying Kasina, the Company Secretary of the Company, is a full time employee of the Company who is familiar
with the daily operation of the Company. She is a Fellow of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered
Governance Institute of the United Kingdom, thereby possessing the relevant professional qualifications as stipulated by the
Listing Rules. In addition, she holds a Master of Business Administration degree of Murdoch University, Western Australia
and a Master of Corporate Governance degree of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, and also has more than 15 years of
practical experience in corporate governance and company secretarial practices in listed companies. The Company Secretary
is responsible for advising the Board on all corporate governance matters. The Directors have access to the services provided
by the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary confirmed that during the year, she has taken no less than 15 hours of
relevant professional training.

The Articles states that the appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is a matter for the Board. Changes and
appointment of Company Secretary are dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution.

The Company Secretary plays an important role in supporting the Board and Board Committees by ensuring good information
flow within the Board and that Board policy and procedures are followed. All Directors have access to the advice and services
of the Company Secretary to ensure that Board procedures, and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, are followed. The
Company Secretary also plays an essential role in the relationship between the Company and Shareholders, including by
assisting the Board in the discharge of its obligations to Shareholders pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company Secretary
also ensures that the Board and Board committee members are provided with sufficient resources and have access to all
employees, Directors, agents or consultants for information, and are able to obtain independent professional opinions at the
cost of the Company to discharge their duties properly.




                                                                                                                                    65
     RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT


     THE SCOPE OF RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROLS
     The Board seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between taking risk and generating returns for shareholders and is
     accountable for the Group’s ongoing monitoring of risk and of the internal controls. It considers the most significant risks facing
     the Group and the relevant risk management.

     INEDs’ overseeing of the risk management process is exercised through the Audit and Risk Management Committee with
     respect to standards of integrity, financial reporting, risk management and internal controls.

     The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, who reports directly to the Audit
     and Risk Management Committee, has responsibility for the risk and control framework of the Group and the independent
     monitoring and reporting of risk reporting and controls.


     Risk Management Framework:
     The Group’s risk management framework is designed to support the delivery of the Group’s strategic objectives. The key
     principles that underpin risk management in the Company are:

           the Board and the Management Decision Committee promote a culture in which risks are identified, assessed and
           reported in an open, transparent and objective manner; and

           the over-riding priority is to protect the Group’s long-term viability and reputation and produce sustainable, medium to
           long-term returns.

     Risk management is embedded within all areas of the business. The Group expects individual behaviours to mirror the culture
     and core values of the Company. All employees undertake the responsibility of upholding the Company’s risk and control
     culture and supporting effective risk management to enable the Company to deliver its strategy.


     Internal Control Framework:
     The Group operates a “three lines of defence” framework for identifying, preventing and controlling risks.

     The first line of defence against undesirable outcomes is the business unit and the respective line managers. Department
     heads of their own business areas take the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate controls.

     Line management is supplemented by overseeing unit, such as Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, Operations, Finance
     and Accounting, Company Secretarial, which constitute the second line of defence.

     Internal Audit can provide retrospective, independent auditing over the operation of controls and is the third line of defence.
     The internal audit duty includes reviews of risk management and internal control processes and provides recommendations to
     improve the control environment.


     RISK & INTERNAL CONTROL REVIEW
     Risk events are captured by the business will assess and report through a workflow by the second and third lines of defence,
     with continuous follow-up on subsequent improvements. When control failings and inefficient processes are identified, the
     second and third line of defence teams also conduct deep dive analyses and reviews to identify potential risks and make or
     supervise remediations.

     The Audit and Risk Management Committee holds a regular meeting quarterly for assessing internal control of the Group and
     the effectiveness of risk management.




66
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, supported by Risk Management, Legal
and Compliance Department and other internal control relevant departments mentioned above, identifies Company’s risk and
internal control profile, continuously supervises and promotes enhancements and improvements to the mechanisms of the
risk control system, and reports to the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the major risks and internal control profile
of the Company on a quarterly basis. Committee members contribute views and raise questions at its meeting to ensure risk
management and internal controls are effective and in place. For further details, please refer to the relevant contents of the
Corporate Governance Report.


EFFECTIVENESS OF FINANCIAL REPORTING & LISTING RULES COMPLIANCE
With support and input from the External Auditor, the Audit and Risk Management Committee has considered, challenged
and reviewed financial reporting of the Group, assessed whether suitable accounting policies have been adopted, whether
management have been made appropriate estimates and judgments and whether disclosures in published financial statements
are fair, balanced and understandable.

The compliance of regulatory requirements (including Listing Rules) is supported by Company Secretarial Department/Board
Office. The Audit and Risk Management Committee has considered and assessed the relevant regulatory compliance through
the compliance review section in the quarterly risk and internal control review report. The compliance review has summarised
the status of regulatory and compliance matters, corrective actions and the recommendation to the Committee for the
enhancements of the relevant compliance matters.

In regard to the above, the Audit and Risk Management Committee considers the Group’s processes for financial reporting and
Listing Rules’ compliance are effective.


PROCESS OF ASSESSMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF SIGNIFICANT RISKS
The Group re-examines its risk appetite annually taking into consideration factors such as strategy and financial goals, and
adjusts and revises the nature and degree of various risks willing to assume in order to achieve business development
strategies and goals, and implements them after evaluation and approval by the Board. The Risk Management, Legal and
Compliance Department implements relevant risk monitoring mechanisms to monitor market, operational, legal and compliance
risks on a daily basis, and uses scientific and professional skills to examine whether the overall operation of the Company
meets the standards set by its risk appetite.

Specifically, risk identification and assessment are conducted using both a top down approach and a bottom up approach to
ensure a thorough risk assessment at the macro and micro levels. The top down approach mainly considers the objective
external factors and the strategic planning of the Company to identify and assess the risks having the most significant
impact to the Group resulting from the relevant factors. The bottom up approach ensures that the Company can carry out a
comprehensive examination of internal risks, conduct data analysis to verify key trends, identify and set priorities for key risks,
and provide management with opinions and recommendations on matters that could impact operational development and
business results.

The Group uses the above methods to identify significant risks, evaluates the likelihood and impact of each significant risk,
with reference to associated measures and performance of key indicators, and uses qualitative and quantitative approaches to
describe and report on such risks. Meanwhile, the Group will assess the adequacy of its risk mitigation measures, and review
and formulate additional measures if necessary. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and
Compliance oversees the overall risk management and reports to the Audit and Risk Management Committee on a quarterly
basis.




                                                                                                                                      67
     Risk Management Report | Continued




     MAIN FEATURES OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     Terms of Reference
     The Board operates within clearly defined terms of reference, and it reserves certain matters for its own consideration and
     decision. It has established appropriate committees, such as the Executive Board Committee, the Audit and Risk Management
     Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
     and the Strategy Committee, to oversee risk and control activities.

     These committees also have clearly defined terms of reference. The Board and committee processes are fundamental to the
     effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control.


     Risk Management & Internal Control
     The Group maintains a comprehensive risk management and internal control framework and has clearly defined procedures
     for identifying and handling risks and internal control concerns throughout the organisation. This framework helps the Group to
     safeguard client assets, protect the interests of all stakeholders and meet the Group’s responsibilities as a Hong Kong listed
     company and parent of a number of regulated entities.

     The risk management and internal control framework also forms the basis upon which the Board reaches its conclusions on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control.


     BOARD RESPONSIBILITY ON RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s system of internal control framework, the ongoing monitoring of risk
     management and internal control and reviewing their effectiveness periodically.

     The system of control is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the Group’s business objectives
     and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


     PROCESS OF REVIEWING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROL
     On behalf of the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee (“the Committee”) carried out the annual assessment of the
     effectiveness of the risk management and internal control during 2024, including those related to the financial reporting process.
     In addition, the Committee considered the adequacy of the Group’s risk management arrangements in the context of the Group’s
     business and strategy.

     In carrying out its assessment, the Committee considered reports from the Vice President in charge of Finance, the Internal
     Audit Department and also from the External Auditor which enabled an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
     management and internal control, and no significant failings or weaknesses were identified.

     The Committee keeps reviewing the Group’s risk management arrangements and internal control through quarterly reports.

     The risk and internal control review report sets out changes in the level or nature of the risks faced by the Group, developments
     in risk management and operational events, including significant errors and omissions (if any). The report also outlines key
     compliance issues and recommendations for the enhancement of regulatory risk mitigation. This independent report allowed
     the Committee to consider the key risks and internal control matters faced by the Group and assessments of risk tolerance.
     Key topics discussed by the Committee included operational, investment, surveillance & control, legal, counterparty credit,
     acquisition integration, technology and financial risks, contingent liabilities and internal control.




68
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Internal Audit Department reviews progress against a rolling plan of internal audits approved by the Committee, and reports
significant findings from audits and their subsequent remediation, and provides recommendations to improve the control
environment to the Committee on a quarterly basis.


REVIEW OF KEY RISKS
The following table summarises the key risks and uncertainties that are inherent within both the Group’s business model and
the market in which the Group operates along with the sophisticated level of controls and processes through which the Group
aims to mitigate them. The risk factors mentioned below do not purport to be exhaustive as there may be additional risks that
the Group has not yet identified or has deemed to be immaterial and not having a material adverse effect on the business.

 KEY RISK                               CHANGES IN 2024                   MITIGATING FACTORS
                                                         FINANCIAL
 Liquidity Risk
    Risk of failing to meet the            The Group has continued to        The Group forecasts the firm-wide cash flows,
    Group’s contractual or payment         hold sufficient bank credit       return and profitability at least annually. After
    obligations in a timely manner.        facilities and can use these      consideration from the perspective on financial
                                           facilities appropriately to       control and risk management, the Management
    Key risk that arises from high         maintain liquidity, based on      advises the Board regarding the optimised
    financial leverage occurs when a       fund utilisation and cash         financial leverage ratio and relevant limits for
    company’s return on asset does         inflow conditions.                approval.
    not exceed the interest on the
    loan, which greatly diminishes a       The Group monitors and            The approved financial leverage ratio and
    company’s return on equity and         controls liquidity risk           relevant limits are closely monitored by Finance
    profitability.                         through methods such              Department and Risk Management,Legal and
                                           as financial budgets and          Compliance Department regularly.
    Additionally, high financial           stress tests. Due to partial
    leverage may raise the risk            repayment of bank loans,          Finance department closely monitors the
    of failing to fulfil the relevant      the Group leverage has            Group’s cash position, available facilities and
    requirements from loan                 seen slight decline, with         performs cash flow forecasting under the
    covenants (if any) and result in       overall liquidity situation       overseeing of Risk Management, Legal and
    technical default.                     well-maintained.                  Compliance Department.

                                                                             The Group regularly performs long term
                                                                             forecasts and uses stress tests to assess future
                                                                             liquidity and short term forecasts to closely
                                                                             monitor any change of liquidity need, and
                                                                             formulates corresponding plans to ensure the
                                                                             capability of the Group regarding long and short
                                                                             term liquidity.

                                                                             The Group has further enhanced its cash
                                                                             reserves by stepping up efforts to exit existing
                                                                             projects and conducting prudent evaluation on
                                                                             new investment projects.




 Key:     Risk level increased                Risk level decreased                    No significant change in risk level



                                                                                                                                 69
     Risk Management Report | Continued




      KEY RISK                                CHANGES IN 2024                   MITIGATING FACTORS
      Exchange Rate Risk
         Risk that the Group’s financial        The impact of the                 Monitor asset exposures by currency and the
         position is exposed to adverse         fluctuations in the exchange      foreign currency rate movement regularly.
         movements in exchange rates.           rate of RMB against Hong
                                                Kong dollars on the Group’s       Improve currency matching between asset and
                                                financial position has            liability, reducing currency mismatch risk.
                                                been reduced. The Group
                                                controls exchange rate            Perform stress test and sensitivity analysis on
                                                risk through the counter          the effect of change in foreign currency rates.
                                                balancing method to reduce
                                                the impact of exchange
                                                rate fluctuations on the
                                                Company.
      Interest Rate Risk
         Change of the interest rate            There has been an overall         Monitoring on interest rate mismatch and
         will have negative impact on           decrease in borrowing             sensitivity test are performed regularly.
         the Group and its relevant             costs due to decreasing
         portfolios if there is an interest     USD/HKD interest rates.           The Group has managed to decrease overall
         rate mismatch of the assets and                                          loan borrowing cost by adjusting the whole loan
         liabilities.                           As Panda bonds accounted          structure by monitoring interest rate trends of
                                                for a considerable portion        USD/HKD and RMB.
                                                in the Company’s debt
                                                structure, the impact of          The interest rate risk of the Group is expected
                                                changes in USD/HKD                to decline further as more cut(s) in interest rate
                                                interest rates on borrowing       on USD is expected
                                                costs is under control.
                                                             INVESTMENT
      Market Risk
         Risk arises from market                Affected by various factors       Analysing and estimating market risks on a
         movements, which can cause             such as the macroeconomic         forward-looking basis.
         a fall in the value of investment      landscape, geopolitical
         assets.                                conflicts and fluctuations        Limits on the aggregate amount of seed
                                                in the capital market, the        capital investment and enhance investment
                                                value of the Group’s assets       diversification.
                                                invested is subject to short-
                                                term volatility.                  The Group actively develops fee-based business
                                                                                  so that our return and profitability will be more
                                                                                  stable. The Group continues to strengthen
                                                                                  capital market research and judgement and
                                                                                  tracking of corporate operating conditions, and
                                                                                  strengthens risk control effectively through
                                                                                  various means such as monitoring of market
                                                                                  value.




      Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                     No significant change in risk level



70
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024




KEY RISK                               CHANGES IN 2024                    MITIGATING FACTORS
Credit Risk
   Risk exposed to credit losses if      The Group’s provision on         The Group seeks to minimize our credit risk from
   borrowers are unable to repay         loan in 2024 has increased,      its lending by:
   loans and outstanding interest        but the overall credit risk is
   and fees.                             within manageable level.            Mainly lending on a secured basis with
                                                                             significant emphasis placed on quality control of
   In addition, the Group has            The Group’s counterparty            the underlying security.
   exposure to counterparties            risks are generally
   with which it places deposits or      manageable.                         Manage to maintain consistent and conservative
   trades, and derivative contracts.                                         loan to value ratios and short-term tenor.

                                                                             Operating strong control and governance both
                                                                             within business units and with overseeing
                                                                             by Risk Management,Legal and Compliance
                                                                             Department.

                                                                             Enhance credit management, expedite the
                                                                             collection of loan assets, and exercise caution in
                                                                             extending new loans

                                                                          The Group’s exposures to counterparties are
                                                                          mitigated by:

                                                                             Seek to diversify our exposures across different
                                                                             counterparties.

                                                                             Continuous monitoring of credit quality of our
                                                                             counterparties.
Operational Risk
   Risk of losses through                The Group’s Operations              The Group’s control systems are designed to
   inadequate or failed internal         Centre set up in 2015               ensure operational risks are mitigated to an
   processes, people or systems or       has expanded rapidly and            acceptable level.
   through external events.              the identification, control
                                         and management on                   Three lines of defence model mentioned above
                                         operational risks enhanced          is the key point.
                                         continuously.
                                                                             Risk and control assessments are used to
                                         The Group continuously              identify and assess key operational risks.
                                         boosts employees’                   Associated controls are assessed with regard to
                                         awareness of operational            their design and performance. Where required,
                                         risk and strengthens                processes and controls are enhanced/optimized
                                         system implementation               to improve the supervision and control.
                                         through various educational
                                         interactions such as training       The Group manages risk events through
                                         on systems and case                 identification, evaluation, reporting, risk
                                         sharing.                            mitigating resolution and continuous monitoring
                                                                             with the aim of preventing major operational
                                                                             risk.

                                                                             Relevant trading/settlement/investment
                                                                             operation management systems/information
                                                                             management systems are implemented, and
                                                                             automation procedures are enhanced and
                                                                             strengthened continuously to mitigate relevant
                                                                             operational risks.

Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                      No significant change in risk level



                                                                                                                                  71
     Risk Management Report | Continued




      KEY RISK                                CHANGES IN 2024                 MITIGATING FACTORS
      Legal and Regulatory Risk
         Changes to the existing legal,         The changes in legal and        Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
         regulatory and tax environments        regulatory requirements         Department tracks developments of regulatory
         and failure to comply with             in recent years have led        matters to offer professional advice to the
         existing requirements may              to additional reporting         Group on the related changes in relevant laws
         materially impact the Group.           requirements, operational       and regulations, and to advise on developing
                                                complexity and cost to the      policies, delivering training and performing
         Failing to treat customers             Group.                          monitoring checks and to provide advice to
         fairly, safeguard client assets                                        other departments to ensure compliance with
         or provide advice/products that        The Group has continued         regulatory compliance requirements.
         contrary to clients’ best interest     to improve its legal risk
         may damage the Group’s                 prevention and control          To advise on the approval, monitoring and
         reputation and may lead to legal       system, continuously            review of existing and new funds/products/
         or regulatory consequences             enhanced the compliance         investments.
         including litigation, regulatory       review process, and
         condemnation and customer              comprehensively prevented       Training for relevant staff regarding the
         redress. This applies to current,      and controlled legal            regulatory compliance requirements.
         past and future business.              compliance risk.
                                                                                Continuous monitoring of key regulatory
                                                                                compliance requirements.
      Information Technology Risk
         Risk of failure to keep up with        The Company continued to        The Group continues to invest in its IT
         changing client expectations or        invest and upgrade its IT       infrastructure, data management system,
         manage upgrades to existing            infrastructure and systems,     reporting system and other software/systems.
         technology may impact the              including corporate data
         Group’s performance.                   warehouse, investment           The Group has sound governance in place to
                                                management system and           oversee our major IT projects.
                                                order management system.
                                                                                The Group has in place business continuity and
                                                                                disaster recovery plans.




      Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                   No significant change in risk level



72
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024




KEY RISK                                CHANGES IN 2024                 MITIGATING FACTORS
Loss of Key Personnel Risk
   Risk of failure to recruit or          The Group has continued to      The Group seeks to develop, attract, motivate
   retain appropriately skilled and       employ professionals in the     and retain staff through comprehensive human
   experienced staff may have             field of asset management       resource policies.
   a material adverse effect on           to carry out investment and
   the Group’s operations and             risk management.                Comprehensive, systematic and highly
   implementation of its strategy.                                        transparent evaluation policies are used to
                                                                          evaluate staff performance.

                                                                          Maintains loyalty through appropriate
                                                                          remuneration and benefit packages.

                                                                          Contracts for relevant roles have restrictive
                                                                          covenants and enhanced notice periods are in
                                                                          place for key staff.

                                                                          Comprehensive training is offered to all staff to
                                                                          promote individual and team development.

                                                                          In order to avoid reliance on any one individual
                                                                          staff, teams are required to ensure each
                                                                          individual has another staff as alternative
                                                                          backup.

                                                                          We have set up promotion policy so that
                                                                          employees have clear career path to pursue
                                                                          and are motivated to stay for long term
                                                                          development.
                                                     REPUTATIONAL
Reputational Risk
   Risk that negative publicity           Adhering to the principle       High standards of conduct and a principled
   regarding the Group will lead to       of active prudence, the         approach to regulatory compliance are integral
   client redemptions and a decline       Group has strengthened          to the Group’s corporate culture and values.
   in AUM and revenue.                    monitoring of public            The Group considers reputational risks as a key
                                          opinions and maintained         factor when initiating changes in strategy or
   The risk of damage to the              a stable environment in         operating model.
   Group’s reputation is likely to be     terms of public opinions.
   caused by other key risks, rather                                      Maintain effective monitoring and guidance of
   than a standalone risk.                                                public opinion, while enhancing the management
                                                                          and oversight of the Company’s brand usage.

                                                                          Reputational risk is primarily mitigated through
                                                                          the effective mitigation of the other key risks.

                                                                          The Group’s risk appetite, risk and compliance
                                                                          policies, governance structures and reward
                                                                          mechanism include significant focus on issues
                                                                          and behaviors that could positively affect the
                                                                          Group’s reputation.




Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                   No significant change in risk level



                                                                                                                              73
     Risk Management Report | Continued




     ESG RISK MANAGEMENT
     ESG risks refer to the risks to which an enterprise is exposed in environmental, social and governance terms, which may have
     an adverse impact on the Group’s mid- and long-term financial position and enterprise value. The ESG risk control structure
     adopted by the Group is as follows:

           The Group’s risk management work is mainly led by the Vice President in charge of Risk Management, Legal and
           Compliance, and monitored by the Audit and Risk Management Committee. ESG risks are managed by the ESG
           Committee under, and overseen by, the Board.

           The ESG Committee, under the authorization of the Board, is responsible for formulating the Group’s ESG responsibilities,
           policies, strategies and objectives, supervising the performance and effectiveness of the implementation of ESG-related
           responsibilities, and regularly reporting to the Board on relevant matters.

           The ESG Task Force under the ESG Committee is responsible for the implementation of the responsibilities, policies and
           resolutions formulated by the ESG Committee, reporting the work results to the ESG Committee, and proposing work
           adjustments and improvements.

           Investment teams implement the Group’s ESG policies in daily activities of investment and management.

     During the reporting period, the Group effectively managed ESG risks through continuous implementation of policies and
     measures related to ESG risk management. In 2024, there were no significant ESG risk events impacting the Group.




74
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The board of directors (the “Director(s)”) (the “Board”) of China Everbright Limited (the “Company”) hereby presents to
shareholders the Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Group is principally engaged in investment holdings and the provision of financial services. The principal activities of the
subsidiaries are set out in note 15 to the financial statements. Further discussion and analysis of these activities and business
review as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties
facing the Group and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, can be found in the Management
Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 22 to 37 and the Risk Management Report set out on pages 66 to 74 respectively of
this Annual Report. The discussion on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, the Group’s key relationships with
employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders, and the Group’s compliance with the relevant laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group, can be found in the separate Environmental, Social and Governance Report
for 2024 which is published on the websites of the Company at www.everbright.com (by clicking “Environmental, Social
and Governance Report” under “Sustainability”) and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) at
www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report in compliance with the Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
(the “Listing Rules”) . These discussions form part of this Directors’ Report.


TURNOVER AND CONTRIBUTION TO GROUP RESULTS
The turnover and contribution to operating results of the Group by principal activity and geographical location are set out in
notes 4 and 42 to the financial statements.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out on page 97 of this Annual Report.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023:
HK$0.10 per share).


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
Turnover from operations represents the aggregate of service fee income, sales of inventories, interest income, dividend
income, rental income from investment properties, rental income from finance lease and gross sale proceeds from disposal
of trading securities of secondary market investments. Accordingly, it is not practicable to state the percentage of the sales
attributable to the Group’s largest customers and percentage of the purchases attributable to the Group’s largest suppliers.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five financial years is set out on page 186 of this
Annual Report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Movements in property, plant and equipment and investment properties during the year are set out in note 14 to the financial
statements.




                                                                                                                                    75
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     PROPERTIES
     Particulars of major properties held by the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out on page 187 of this Annual Report.


     CHARITABLE DONATIONS
     Charitable donation made by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to HK$29,737 (2023: HK$38,200).


     SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
     Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures as at 31 December 2024 are set out in notes 15,
     16 and 17 to the financial statements respectively.


     BANK LOANS
     Particulars of bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out in note 26 to the financial statements.


     BONDS PAYABLE
     Particulars of bonds payable of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out in note 28 to the financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of the movement in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 31 to the financial statements.


     PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES
     Details of the perpetual capital securities issued by the Company are set out in note 32 to the financial statements.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED EQUITY SECURITIES
     There was no purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during
     the year ended 31 December 2024.


     RESERVES
     Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2024 as calculated under the Companies Ordinance amounted to
     HK$2,122,063,000 (2023: HK$2,198,856,000). The movement in the Company’s reserves are set out in note 34 to the financial
     statements.


     BORROWINGS AND INTEREST CAPITALISED
     Bonds payable and bank loans repayable within one year or on demand are classified as current liabilities in the financial
     statements. Bonds payable and bank loans repayable over one year are classified as non-current liabilities. No interest was
     capitalised by the Group during the year.




76
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into during the year or subsisted at the end
of the year.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The connected transaction disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year is as follows:

On 14 November 2024, CEL Management Services Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) as the tenant, entered
into the tenancy agreement with Gardex Investment Limited (“Gardex”), as the landlord, for the renewal of the tenancy of the
whole of 48th Floor of Far East Finance Centre, No. 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for a term of 3 years commencing on 15
November 2024 and expiring on 14 November 2027 (both days inclusive).

China Everbright Holdings Company Limited (“CE Hong Kong”), through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, was interested in
approximately 49.74% of the total issued share capital of the Company and was the controlling shareholder of the Company.
Gardex was a wholly-owned subsidiary of CE Hong Kong, therefore was an associate of CE Hong Kong and a connected person
of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the entering into of the tenancy agreement constituted a
connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The aforesaid connected transaction of the Company was subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but exempt
from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the aforesaid
connected transaction of the Company was set out in the announcement of the Company dated 14 November 2024.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Set out below is the information in relation to certain continuing connected transactions involving the Company and/or its
subsidiaries, particulars of which were previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company and are required under the
Listing Rules to be disclosed in the annual report and financial statements of the Company.

China Everbright Group Ltd. (“Everbright Group”) is the holder of 100% of the equity interest in CE Hong Kong. CE Hong
Kong is the indirect controlling shareholder of the Company which indirectly holds approximately 49.74% equity interest in
the Company. Accordingly, Everbright Group is a controlling shareholder of the Company, and thus Everbright Group and its
associates are connected persons of the Company. The ongoing arrangements between the Group and Everbright Group and
its associates entered into (including, among other things, deposit services, asset management services, brokerage services
and custodian services) are continuing connected transactions of the Company.

On 28 December 2023, the Company entered into the following new framework agreements (collectively the “Framework
Agreements”) with Everbright Group:

1     Asset management services framework agreement;

2     Brokerage services framework agreement;

3     Custodian services framework agreement; and

4     Deposit services framework agreement.




                                                                                                                                 77
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     The Framework Agreements set out the basis upon which members of the Group to carry out the transactions contemplated
     under the Framework Agreements with Everbright Group and/or its associates for the three financial years ending 31 December
     2026. The duration of the Framework Agreements was commenced on 1 January 2024 and expires on 31 December 2026.
     Everbright Group, being the controlling shareholder of the Company, is a connected person of the Company under the Listing
     Rules and therefore entering into the Framework Agreements by the Company and the transactions contemplated under the
     Framework Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.


     (1)   Asset Management Services
           The Group provides asset management services (including investment advisory services) to relevant members of the
           Everbright Group.

           Material terms:

                 The Group shall provide asset management services (including investment advisory services) to Everbright Group
                 in respect of assets in the asset management services accounts designated by Everbright Group.

                 The asset management services (including investment advisory services) provided shall be on normal commercial
                 terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length negotiation and are no less favourable than those available to similar
                 or comparable independent third parties offered by the Group.

                 The asset management services (including investment advisory services) provided under the Asset Management
                 Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive. Everbright Group is at liberty to obtain asset management
                 services (including investment advisory services) from third parties and the Group is at liberty to provide third
                 parties with asset management services (including investment advisory services).

           The annual cap for the transactions under the Asset Management Services Framework Agreement for the year ended
           31 December 2024, and the years ending 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2026 are all set at HK$360,000,000.
           The transaction amount under the Asset Management Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December
           2024 was approximately HK$459,109.




78
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




(2)   Brokerage Services
      The Group places cash, equity and debt securities in brokerage accounts with Everbright Group and its associates, and
      Everbright Group and its associates provide brokerage and ancillary services to the Group for customers of the Group,
      funds established and/or managed by members of the Group as well as proprietary trading of members of the Group
      (where such transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules) in
      accordance with the relevant rules and regulations, as well as custodianship of the cash, equity and debt securities.

      Material terms:

            Everbright Group and its associates shall provide to the Group for customers of the Group, funds established
            and/or managed by members of the Group as well as proprietary trading of members of the Group (where such
            transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules) brokerage and
            ancillary services in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations, and custodianship of the cash, equity and
            debt securities.

            The brokerage services provided shall be on normal commercial terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length
            negotiations and are no less favourable than those obtained by the Group from independent third parties, and on
            terms no less favourable than the most favourable terms offered by Everbright Group and its associates to similar
            or comparable independent third party customers.

            The brokerage services provided under the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive and
            the Company is at liberty to obtain brokerage services from third parties.

      The annual cap for the transactions under the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31
      December 2024, and the years ending 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2026 are all set at HK$28,000,000. The
      transaction amount under the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024 was
      approximately HK$23,627.


(3)   Custodian Services
      Everbright Group and its associates provide custodian services to the Group, including the safekeeping of assets in
      custodian accounts, monitoring of investment activities, and reporting. The transactions are conducted through custodian
      accounts opened with Everbright Group and its associates in the relevant Group company’s name.

      Material terms:

            Everbright Group and its associates shall provide the Group custodian services including safekeeping of assets in
            custodian accounts, monitoring of investment activities, and reporting.

            The custodian services provided shall be on normal commercial terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length
            negotiations and are no less favourable than those obtained by the Group from independent third parties, and on
            terms no less favourable than the most favourable terms offered by Everbright Group and its associates to similar
            or comparable independent third party customers.

            The custodian services provided under the Custodian Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive and
            the Company is at liberty to obtain custodian services from third parties.

      The annual cap for the transactions under the Custodian Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31
      December 2024, and the years ending 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2026 are all set at HK$28,000,000. The
      transaction amount under the Custodian Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024 was
      approximately HK$197,918.




                                                                                                                                  79
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     (4)   Deposit Services
           Everbright Group through its associate China Everbright Bank, provides deposit services to the Group, including current
           and fixed-term deposits. The deposit services are subject to the standard terms and conditions of Everbright Group and
           its associates. The annual cap for the transactions under the Deposit Services Framework Agreement for the year ended
           31 December 2024, and the years ending 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2026 are all set at HK$360,000,000.
           During the year ended 31 December 2024, none of the daily aggregate bank balances maintained with China Everbright
           Bank exceeded HK$360,000,000.



           Review by the Company’s independent non-executive directors (“INED(s)”) and auditor
           The INEDs had reviewed the above continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2024 and
           confirmed that the transactions were:

           (a)   entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

           (b)   conducted on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
                 independent third parties; and

           (c)   entered into in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
                 in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

           The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with
           Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
           Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on
           Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
           Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the
           continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     A summary of the material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year is contained in note 36 to the
     financial statements. Save as disclosed above in the paragraphs headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected
     Transactions”, no other related party transactions constitute any connected transactions or continuing connected transactions
     as defined under the Listing Rules during the year. The Company has complied with the applicable requirements in accordance
     with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions
     entered into by the Group during the year.




80
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report are as follows:


 Executive Directors:
    Mr. Lin Chun (appointed on 4 January 2024)
    Mr. An Xuesong (appointed on 5 April 2024)
    Mr. Pan Jianyun (appointed on 27 March 2025)
    Mr. Yin Yanwu
    Ms. Wang Yun (resigned on 27 March 2025)
    Mr. Zhang Mingao (resigned on 4 January 2024)

 Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. Yu Fachang
    Dr. Qin Hongyuan (appointed on 4 January 2024)
    Ms. Pan Wenjie (resigned on 22 March 2024)
    Mr. Fang Bin (resigned on 4 January 2024)

 Independent Non-executive Directors:
    Dr. Lin Zhijun
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
    Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund (appointed on 22 March 2024)
    Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson (retired on 23 May 2024)

Biographical details of the existing Directors and the senior management of the Company are available in the section of “Directors
and Senior Management” on pages 87 to 91 of this Annual Report.

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the three INEDs pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules and the Company considers all the INEDs to be independent.

According to Articles 120 and 121 of the Company’s Articles of Association (the “Articles”), one-third of the Directors for the
time being (who have been longest in office) shall retire from office by rotation at every annual general meeting of the Company
provided that every Director shall retire from office by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be
eligible for re-election.

In accordance with Articles 120 and 121 of the Articles, Mr. Yu Fachang, Mr. Yin Yanwu and Dr. Lin Zhijun, being the Directors
who have been longest in office since their last re-election, will retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting
and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

In addition, according to Article 87 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy or as an
addition to the Board shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and shall
be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

Mr. Pan Jianyun was appointed by the Board as a new Director on 27 March 2025. In accordance with Article 87 of the Articles,
Mr. Pan Jianyun will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer himself for re-election.




                                                                                                                                     81
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
     Other than certain Directors and senior management named in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” as
     set out on pages 87 to 91 of this Annual Report, the names of persons who have served on the board of the subsidiaries of
     the Company during the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this Annual Report are available on the
     Company’s website under the “Investor Relations” column.


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
     SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     As at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
     shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined by Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register of directors’ and chief executives’ interests and short
     positions of the Company required to be maintained under section 352 of the SFO.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
     Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its
     holding company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or his/her connected entities had a
     material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     No Director being offered for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the Company
     or any of its subsidiaries which is not terminable by the employing company within one year without payment of compensation
     other than the statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries, holding companies or fellow
     subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
     debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.




82
                                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES
As at 31 December 2024, the following persons were recorded in the register kept by the Company under section 336 of the
SFO as having interests in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:


Long Position in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company:
                                                                                                    INTEREST OF                       % OF
                                                                                                    CONTROLLED                TOTAL ISSUED
      NAME OF SHAREHOLDERS                             TOTAL      BENEFICIAL OWNER                 CORPORATION                     SHARES
       Central Huijin Investment Ltd.
         (“Huijin”) (1)                             838,306,207                          –                838,306,207                   49.74%
       Everbright Group (2)                         838,306,207                          –                838,306,207                   49.74%
       CITIC Group Corporation (3)                  152,088,000                          –                152,088,000                    9.02%
       CITIC Limited (3)                            152,088,000                          –                152,088,000                    9.02%
       Prudential plc (3)                           152,088,000                          –                152,088,000                    9.02%
       CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance
         Company Limited (3)                        152,088,000                152,088,000                          –                    9.02%

Notes:
(1)
          Huijin was indirectly wholly-owned by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China and held 63.16% equity interest in Everbright
          Group. It was deemed to be interested in the 838,306,207 ordinary shares indirectly held by Everbright Group pursuant to the SFO.

(2)
          Everbright Group held 100% of the issued shares of CE Hong Kong. CE Hong Kong held (1) 100% of the issued shares of Honorich
          Holdings Limited (“Honorich”), and (2) 100% of the issued shares of Everbright Investment & Management Limited (“EIM”), respectively.
          Out of the 838,306,207 ordinary shares, 832,273,207 ordinary shares were held by Honorich and the remaining 6,033,000 ordinary shares
          were held by EIM. Accordingly, Everbright Group was deemed to be interested in the 832,273,207 ordinary shares held by Honorich and
          the 6,033,000 ordinary shares held by EIM pursuant to the SFO.

(3)
          CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was indirectly owned as to 50% by each of CITIC Limited and Prudential plc. CITIC
          Limited was in turn indirectly owned as to 58.13% by CITIC Group Corporation. Accordingly, each of CITIC Group Corporation, CITIC
          Limited and Prudential plc was deemed to be interested in the 152,088,000 ordinary shares held by CITIC Prudential Life Insurance
          Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Company had not been notified of any other person (other than the
Directors or chief executives of the Company) having any interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant
to section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Articles provides that subject to the provisions of the Companies Ordinance, every Director or other officer of the Company
shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities which he or
they may sustain or incur in or about the execution of his or their office or otherwise in relation thereto.

The Company has taken out insurance against the liabilities and costs associated with defending any proceedings which may
be brought against the Directors and other officers of the Company and its subsidiaries.


COMPETING INTEREST
As at the date of this Annual Report, and as far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors or their respective associates
had any interest in a business which competes or may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group or
any other conflicts of interest with the Group.




                                                                                                                                                    83
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company believes that upholding good corporate governance measures is important to ensuring effective internal control
     and protecting the long term interest of the shareholders, customers, staff and the Company. The Company strictly complies
     with the applicable laws and regulations and codes and guidelines of the regulatory authorities, and strives to follow the best
     international and local corporate governance practices and to develop and improve the corporate governance practices of the
     Company.

     Further details are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” in this Annual Report.


     AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
     The Audit and Risk Management Committee currently comprises Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund, Dr. Lin Zhijun and Mr. Law
     Cheuk Kin Stephen. The committee is chaired by Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund. All members of the committee are INEDs.

     The Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Management have reviewed the accounting policies and practices
     adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters including the review of the
     audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024. The terms of reference of the Audit and Risk
     Management Committee and a summary of the duties discharged in 2024 have been set out in the “Corporate Governance
     Report” in this Annual Report.


     RETIREMENT SCHEMES
     The Company provides retirement benefits to all local eligible employees under an approved defined contribution provident fund
     (the “ORSO Scheme”). The ORSO Scheme is administered by trustees, the majority of whom are independent, with its assets
     held separately from those of the Company. The ORSO Scheme is funded by contributions from employees and employers
     at 5% each based on the monthly salaries of employees. Forfeited contributions may be used to reduce the existing level of
     contribution by the Company.

     Since 1 December 2000, the Group has also operated a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under
     the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong
     Kong Employment Ordinance and not previously covered by the ORSO Scheme. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution
     retirement scheme administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are each
     required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a monthly relevant income
     cap of HK$30,000.

     The employees of the subsidiaries of the Company established in the People’s Republic of China are members of the
     retirement schemes operated by the local authorities. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a percentage of their payroll
     to these schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to these schemes is the required
     contributions under the schemes.

     The Group’s total contributions to these schemes charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended
     31 December 2024 amounted to approximately HK$1,742,967 (2023: HK$2,074,210).


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of
     this Annual Report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules throughout the year.




84
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December
2024 (2023: HK$0.10 per share). Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.05 per share already paid, the aggregate amount
of dividends for the year is HK$0.10 per share (2023: HK$0.25 per share).

The final dividend, subject to approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting, is expected to be paid on Thursday, 12 June
2025 to those shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Friday, 30 May 2025.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Thursday, 22 May 2025.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 19 May 2025 to Thursday, 22 May 2025, both days
inclusive, during which no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend, speak and vote at the annual
general meeting, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for
registration with the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
Road, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 16 May 2025.

The register of members of the Company will also be closed from Thursday, 29 May 2025 to Friday, 30 May 2025, both days
inclusive, during which no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all properly
completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s
Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, not later than
4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 28 May 2025.


CHANGES OF DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
The changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are as follows:

1.    Mr. An Xuesong, an Executive Director, was appointed as the chairman and a non-executive director of China Aircraft
      Leasing Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1848.HK) with effect from 22 October 2024 and a non-executive and non-
      independent director of Ying Li International Real Estate Limited (stock code: 5DM.SGX) with effect from 4 December
      2024.

2.    Dr. Lin Zhijun, an INED, was appointed as independent non-executive director of China Construction Bank Corporation
      (stock code: 601939.SH, 939.HK) with effect from 11 September 2024.

3.    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, an INED, was appointed as a director of Hong Kong Cyberport Management Company
      Limited with effect from 1 April 2025.

4.    Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund, an INED, resigned as an independent non-executive director of Confidence Intelligence
      Holdings Limited (stock code: 1967.HK) with effect from 11 December 2024.

In respect of the changes in emoluments of Directors, please refer to note 8 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                      85
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     AUDITOR
     Ernst & Young (“EY”) retired as the auditors of the Company and did not seek re-appointment at the annual general meeting of
     the Company held on 23 May 2024 (“2024 AGM”).

     KPMG was appointed as the auditors of the Company at 2024 AGM in place of retiring auditors, EY.

     KPMG will retire as the auditors of the Company and being eligible, offer themselves for reappointment at the forthcoming
     annual general meeting of the Company. A resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as auditors of the Company is to be
     proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting held on 22 May 2025.

     Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in auditors of the Company in any of the preceding three years.

     By Order of the Board
     China Everbright Limited
     Yu Fachang
     Chairman
     Hong Kong, 27 March 2025




86
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024




DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DIRECTORS
Mr. Yu Fachang
Chairman and Non-executive Director
Mr. Yu Fachang, aged 59, is the Chairman of the Board and a Non-executive Director. He is also a member of the Nomination
Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Strategy Committee of the Board. Mr. Yu is currently the Deputy General
Manager of China Everbright Group Ltd. and the Chairman and the President of China Everbright Holdings Company Limited,
the controlling shareholders of the Company. He had served as the Secretary of the Communist Youth League and the Director
of the Advertising Administration Division of the Department of Advertising Supervision of the State Administration for Industry
and Commerce, the Deputy Director-general of the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Tibet Autonomous Region,
the Deputy Director-general of the Department of Market Standard Management of the State Administration for Industry and
Commerce, the Secretary General of China Society of Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Director-general of
the Department of International Cooperation(Office of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Affairs) and the Director-general of the
General Affairs Office of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce and the Director-general of the General Affairs
Office of the State Administration for Market Regulation. Mr. Yu holds a Bachelor’s degree of Laws in legal studies from Peking
University and a Master’s degree from the Central Party School of the Chinese Communist Party. He joined the Board in June
2022.


Mr. Lin Chun
Executive Director and President
Mr. Lin Chun, aged 54, is an Executive Director and the President of the Group. He is also the Chairman of the Executive Board
Committee, the Chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee and a member of the Strategy Committee
of the Board. He is also the Chairman of the Management Decision Committee of the Group and responsible for the overall
operation of the Group. He also serves as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Lin was the Chairman of
Everbright Financial Holding Asset Management Co., Ltd. from 2021 to 2023. Since 1993, Mr. Lin had served as a transaction
office trader of the international business department, deputy manager of the treasury division of the international business
department, deputy director of the market trading division of the planning and funding department, director of the transaction
office of the international business department, director of the transaction office of the treasury department, assistant to the
general manager of the treasury department, assistant to the general manager of the investment banking department, deputy
general manager of the investment banking department, deputy general manager of the investment banking department (in
charge), general manager of the investment banking department of China Everbright Bank Company Limited (stock code:
601818.SH, 6818.HK). He had served as the general manager of the investment and restructuring department of China
Everbright Group Ltd., the controlling shareholder of the Company, from 2015 to 2021. He has 30 years of experience in
the financial industry and management. Mr. Lin holds a Bachelor’s degree in international finance from the Department of
International Finance of China Institute of Finance and Banking (now known as China School of Banking and Finance University
of International Business and Economics). He joined the Board in January 2024.




                                                                                                                                   87
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT | Continued




     Mr. An Xuesong
     Executive Director and Vice President
     Mr. An Xuesong, aged 54, is an Executive Director and the Vice President of the Group in charge of finance. He is also a
     member of the Executive Board Committee, Strategy Committee and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
     of the Board. He is also a member of the Management Decision Committee of the Group and also serves as a director of
     certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. An is currently the Chairman of the board and a Non-executive Director of China
     Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1848.HK) and a Non-executive and Non-independent Director of Ying
     Li International Real Estate Limited (stock code: 5DM.SGX). Mr. An was the Executive Director, Vice President and Chief
     Financial Officer of China Everbright Environment Group Limited (stock code: 257.HK) from October 2021 to March 2024. He
     was the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of China Everbright Water Limited (stock code: U9E.SG, 1857.HK) from
     December 2014 to October 2021. Prior to that, Mr. An worked at the Municipal General Office of Jingzhou, Hubei Province
     and Guangdong Technology Venture Capital Group Ltd.. Mr. An has comprehensive experience in mergers and acquisitions,
     project investment and management, financial management and risk management. Mr. An holds a Master’s degree in Business
     Administration from Jinan University. He is a Certified Public Accountant in the People’s Republic of China and a Certified
     International Internal Auditor. He joined the Board in April 2024.


     Mr. Pan Jianyun
     Executive Director and Vice President
     Mr. Pan Jianyun, aged 54, is an Executive Director and the Vice President of the Group. He is also a member of the Executive
     Board Committee and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Management
     Decision Committee of the Group and also serves as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Pan is currently a
     Non-executive Director of China Everbright Environment Group Limited (stock code: 257.HK), a Non-executive Director of China
     Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1848.HK) and a Non-executive and Non-independent Chairman of Ying
     Li International Real Estate Limited (stock code: 5DM.SGX). Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Pan had served as a Director and
     Vice President of China Everbright Holdings Company Limited and a deputy general manager of each of the listing office and
     integrated development department of China Everbright Group Ltd., the controlling shareholders of the Company. He had also
     served as a business line director and general manager of the investment banking management headquarters of Everbright
     Securities Company Limited (stock code: 601788.SH, 6178.HK). He previously worked as a lawyer at Ningbo Beilun Law Firm, a
     project manager, an assistant to general manager, a director of legal affairs office and a general manager of investment banking
     headquarters of Skyone Securities’ investment banking division. Mr. Pan holds a bachelor degree in law from China University
     of Political Science and Law, a master degree in economics from Zhejiang University, and an executive master degree in
     business administration from Fudan University. He joined the Board in March 2025.




88
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Mr. Yin Yanwu
Executive Director and Vice President
Mr. Yin Yanwu, aged 51, is an Executive Director and the Vice President of the Group. He is in charge of the Group’s risk
management, legal and compliance matters and deputises for the head of the Asset Management Department. He is also
a member of the Executive Board Committee of the Board and a member of the Management Decision Committee of the
Group. He also serves as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Yin is a Non-executive Director of Everbright
Securities Company Limited (stock code: 601788.SH, 6178.HK). He joined the Group in May 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Yin had
served as a member of the Executive Committee and Business Director of China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (stock code:
601881.SH, 6881.HK) and concurrently served as the Chairman of the Board, Director of the Executive Committee and Director
of the Investment Decision Committee of Galaxy Jinhui Securities Assets Management Co., Ltd. He had also been responsible
for job duties such as investment analysis and risk management in asset management firms, including China Investment
Corporation and EARNEST Partners, LLC, etc., and had worked in the Economic Crime Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of
Public Security of China. Mr. Yin holds a Master’s degree of Science in quantitative & computational finance from the Georgia
Institute of Technology in the United States, a Master’s degree in Laws from Peking University and a Bachelor’s degree of
Engineering from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. He was a member of the 2nd session of the Council and
the Vice Chairman of the Financial Inclusion Cooperation Committee of the Asian Financial Cooperation Association, the Deputy
Secretary-General of China Society for Finance and Banking, a standing member of the 2nd session of the Commission of
All-China Financial System Youth Federation, a member of the International Development Committee of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange as well as the Vice Chairman of the OTC Professional Committee and Beijing Asset Management Committee of the
Securities Association of China. Mr. Yin holds the qualification of fund practitioners from the Asset Management Association of
China. He joined the Board in December 2021.


Dr. Qin Hongyuan
Non-executive Director
Dr. Qin Hongyuan, aged 45, is a Non-executive Director. He is also a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee of the Board. Dr. Qin is currently the Head of Fund Utilization Department and the Deputy General Manager of
Investment and Management Department (in charge) of CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (“CITIC-Prudential Life”). Dr.
Qin had served as a Senior Business Deputy Manager of China Everbright Bank Company Limited (stock code: 601818.SH,
6818.HK), the Market Risk Manager of the Asset Management Center, the Manager of the Risk Control Department and the
Manager of the Credit Review Department of CITIC-Prudential Life, and the General Manager of the Credit Review Department,
the General Manager of the Financial Institutions Department, and the General Manager of the Product and Marketing
Department of CITIC-Prudential Asset Management Company Ltd.. He has over 15 years of experience in the financial industry
and management. Dr. Qin holds a Bachelor’s degree in computational mathematics and software application from Henan
Normal University, a Master’s degree in computational mathematics from Northwestern Polytechnical University, and a
Doctorate degree in applied economics (financial engineering) from Xiamen University. He joined the Board in January 2024.




                                                                                                                                  89
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT | Continued




     Dr. Lin Zhijun
     Independent Non-executive Director
     Dr. Lin Zhijun, aged 70, is an Independent Non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and
     Remuneration Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and Strategy
     Committee of the Board. Dr. Lin is a Senior Advisor to the President and Professor of Macau University of Science and
     Technology. During August 1998 to December 2014, he was a Professor and Head of the Department of Accountancy and
     Law in Hong Kong Baptist University. He is also an Independent Non-executive Director of BOCOM International Holdings
     Company Limited (stock code: 3329.HK) and China Construction Bank Corporation (stock code: 939.HK, 601939.SH).
     Previously, Dr. Lin once served as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Sinotruk (Hong Kong) Limited (stock code: 3808.
     HK), Dali Foods Group Company Limited (delisted by privatization on 1 September 2023), South Manganese Investment
     Limited (stock code: 1091.HK) and Springland International Limited (stock code: 1700.HK). Dr. Lin holds a Master’s degree
     of Science in Accounting from University of Saskatchewan in Canada and a Doctoral degree in Economics (Accounting) from
     Xiamen University. Dr. Lin worked as a Visiting Professor in The University of Hong Kong and Tenured Professor in the Faculty
     of Management of Lethbridge University in Canada. He worked at the Toronto office of an international accounting firm (now
     known as “Deloitte”). Dr. Lin is also a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Chinese Institute
     of Certified Public Accountants and the Australian Institute of Certified Management Accountants. He is a member of various
     educational accounting associations. Dr. Lin is also an author of a series of professional articles and books. He joined the Board
     in September 2005.


     Mr. Law Cheuk Kin, Stephen, Justice of the Peace
     Independent Non-executive Director
     Mr. Law Cheuk Kin, Stephen, JP, aged 62, is an Independent Non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Strategy
     Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee,
     the Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board. Mr. Law is a member
     of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. Mr. Law is also an Independent
     Non-executive Director of Somerley Capital Holdings Limited (stock code: 8439.HK), China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (stock
     code: 601881.SH, 6881.HK), CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (stock code: 1093.HK), Keymed Biosciences Inc. (stock
     code: 2162.HK) and XtalPi Holdings Limited (formerly known as QuantumPharm Inc.) (stock code: 2228.HK), and a director of
     Hong Kong Cyberport Management Company Limited. Mr. Law served as the Finance Director and a member of the Executive
     Directorate of MTR Corporation Limited (stock code: 66.HK) (“MTR”) from July 2013 to July 2016. Prior to joining MTR, he was
     the Chief Financial Officer of Guoco Group Limited, Hong Kong. Prior to that, Mr. Law had served as the Managing Director
     of TPG Growth Capital (Asia) Limited and had also held various senior positions in the Morningside Group and the Wheelock
     Group. He was also an Independent Non-Executive Director of Stealth BioTherapeutics Corp. (stock code: MITO.Nasdaq) and
     Bank of Guizhou Co., Ltd. (stock code: 6199.HK). Mr. Law is currently the Managing Director of ANS Capital Limited. He is also
     currently the vice president and a council member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a member of the
     Board of Directors of SOW (Asia) Foundation and a council member of Hong Kong Business Accountants Association. He also
     served as an adjunct professor of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from 2015 to 2017. He is currently a member of the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
     Wales. Besides, Mr. Law has been appointed by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China (the “MOF”) as an
     expert consultant to provide advice on finance and management accounting to the MOF. Mr. Law holds a Bachelor’s degree
     in Science (Civil Engineering) from the University of Birmingham, the United Kingdom and also received a Master’s degree in
     Business Administration from the University of Hull, the United Kingdom. He joined the Board in May 2018.




90
                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024




Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund
Independent Non-executive Director
Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund, aged 40, is an independent non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee
and the Strategy Committee of the Board. Mr. Wong is an Independent Non-executive Director of High Fashion International
Limited (stock code: 608.HK), and China Merchants Land Asset Management Co., Limited which is the manager of China
Merchants Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust (stock code: 1503.HK). He served as an Independent Non-executive
Director of Confidence Intelligence Holdings Limited (stock code: 1967.HK) from September 2019 to December 2024, as an
Independent Non-executive Director of Deyun Holding Ltd. (now known as Star Shine Holdings Group Limited) (stock code:
1440.HK) from December 2020 to September 2022 and as an Independent Non-executive Director of InvesTech Holdings
Limited (stock code: 1087.HK) from June 2017 to May 2021. Mr. Wong is currently a member of the Legislative Council,
Election Committee and Disaster Relief Fund Advisory Committee of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Mr. Wong
has more than 15 years of experience in accounting, taxation and auditing. He joined Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as an audit
associate in September 2007 and left as an audit senior in November 2011. Mr. Wong has joined Patrick Wong C.P.A. Limited
as an audit manager since February 2012 and has been its practicing director since March 2013. Mr. Wong is a member of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, Chartered
Accountants in Australia and New Zealand, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants of the United Kingdom,
The Society of Chinese Accountants and Auditors, The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong, The Hong Kong Independent Non-
executive Director Association, The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute. Mr.
Wong obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Accountancy from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2007, a Master’s degree
of Science in Applied Accounting and Finance from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2013, a Master’s degree in
Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan University (formerly known as The Open University of Hong Kong) in
October 2016, a Master’s degree in Corporate Governance from Hong Kong Metropolitan University in August 2017 and a
Master’s degree in Professional Accounting from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2021. He joined the Board in March
2024.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. So Hiu Pang Kevin
Vice President
Mr. So Hiu Pang Kevin, aged 49, is the Vice President and a member of the Management Decision Committee of the Group,
and also serves as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is in charge of the Group’s Consumption Fund
Department, Overseas Infrastructure Fund Department, Fund of Funds Department, Green Fund Department, Merger and
Acquisition Department, Real Estate Fund Investment and Management Centre. He is also the Vice Chairman of Everbright
Jiabao Co., Ltd. (stock code: 600622.SH). Mr. So joined the Group in 2006. Mr. So holds a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University and a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Xiamen University. He
was also a member of the third, the fourth and the fifth Election Committee of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and a
member of the twelfth session of All-China Youth Federation. Mr. So has extensive knowledge and experience in the financial
industry and management.




                                                                                                                               91
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE MEMBERS OF CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
     (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Everbright Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
     (“the Group”) set out on pages 97 to 185, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
     2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flow for the year then ended and notes, comprising
     material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the group
     as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
     in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
     responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
     financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
     for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
     these matters.




92
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Valuation of level 3 financial investments
 Refer to note 2(f), 2(ac) and 40 to the consolidated
 financial statements
 The Key Audit Matters                                             How the matter was addressed in our audit

 As at 31 December 2024, financial instruments carried             Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of level 3
 at fair value accounted for a significant portion of the          financial instruments included the following:
 Group’s assets. The fair value of these financial assets was
 HK$36,653,605,000, of which HK$25,708,926,000 were                —    assessing the design, implementation and operating
 classified as level 3 fair value measurement.                          effectiveness of key internal controls over the
                                                                        valuation of the financial instruments;
 Management engaged external valuation specialists to
 assist the valuations for the Group’s certain financial           —    inspecting investment agreements of the financial
 instruments. The valuation of the Group’s level 3 financial            instruments, on a sample basis, to understand the
 instruments were measured using valuation techniques that              relevant contractual terms and identify features of
 involve significant inputs that were not based on observable           the financial instruments that were relevant to the
 market data (“unobservable inputs”). Where unobservable                valuations;
 inputs were used, significant management judgement and
 estimates were made in the valuation process.                     —    evaluating the competence, capability and objectivity
                                                                        of the external valuation specialists;
 We identified assessment of the fair value of level 3 financial
 instruments as a key audit matter because of the degree of        —    with the assistance of our valuation specialists,
 complexity involved in valuing these financial instruments             assessing the fair value of financial instruments,
 and the degree of judgement exercised by management in                 on sample basis, by evaluating the appropriateness
 determining the inputs used in the valuation models.                   of the Group’s valuation models, evaluating the
                                                                        reasonableness of the inputs and the appropriateness
                                                                        of the application by the Group; or either conducting
                                                                        independent valuation or obtaining inputs
                                                                        independently, and comparing our valuation results
                                                                        with that of the Group;

                                                                   —    comparing the fair values of those investment funds
                                                                        where the valuation is referenced to the funds’ net
                                                                        asset value with the net asset value reports provided
                                                                        by independent fund managers, on a sample basis;
                                                                        and

                                                                   —    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                                        the consolidated financial statements with reference
                                                                        to the requirements of the prevailing accounting
                                                                        standards.




                                                                                                                                93
     Independent Auditor’s Report | Continued




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
      Consolidation of structured entities
      Refer to note 2(c) and 38 to the consolidated
      financial statements
      The Key Audit Matters                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit

      Structured entities are generally created to achieve a narrow   Our audit procedures to assess the consolidation of
      and well defined objective with restrictions around their       structured entities includes the following:
      ongoing activities. The Group may acquire or retain an
      ownership interest in a structured entity through issuing       —    assessing the design and implementation of
      or acquiring an investment fund or collective investment             key internal controls of financial reporting over
      schemes.                                                             consolidation of structured entities.

      In determining whether a structured entity is required to       —    selecting significant structured entities of each
      be consolidated by the Group, management is required to              key investment type and performing the following
      consider the power it possesses, its exposure to variable            procedures for each item selected:
      returns, and its ability to use its power to affect returns.
      These factors are not purely quantitative and need to be             —     inspecting the related contracts and internal
      considered collectively in the overall substance of the                    establishment documents to understand the
      transactions                                                               purpose of the establishment of the structured
                                                                                 entity and the involvement the Group has
      We identified the consolidation of structured entities as a                with the structured entity and to assess
      key audit matter because of the complex nature of certain                  management’s judgement over whether the
      of these structured entities and because of the judgement                  Group has the ability to exercise power over
      exercised by management in the qualitative assessment                      the structured entity;
      of the terms and the nature of each entity. The impact
      of consolidating a structured entity on the consolidated             —     evaluating the risk and reward structure of the
      statement of financial position could be significant.                      structured entity including any capital or return
                                                                                 guarantee, commission paid and distribution
                                                                                 of the returns to assess management’s
                                                                                 judgement as to exposure, or rights, to variable
                                                                                 returns from the Group’s involvement in such
                                                                                 an entity;

                                                                           —     performing independent analysis of the
                                                                                 structured entity to assess the Group’s ability
                                                                                 to affect its own returns from the structured
                                                                                 entity, including qualitative analysis of the
                                                                                 Group’s substantive rights and quantitative
                                                                                 analysis of the magnitude and variability
                                                                                 associated with its economic interests in the
                                                                                 structured entity; and

                                                                           —     evaluating management’s judgement over
                                                                                 whether the structured entity should be
                                                                                 consolidated or not.

                                                                      —    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                                           the financial statements in relation to consolidation of
                                                                           structured entities with reference to the requirements
                                                                           of the prevailing accounting standards.




94
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT
THEREON
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as
the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit and Risk Management Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This report
is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other
purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
      fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
      the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the group’s internal control.



                                                                                                                                      95
     Independent Auditor’s Report | Continued




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (continued)

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
           evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
           on the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
           to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
           disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
           date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the group to cease to continue as a going
           concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
           entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We are
           responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
           remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit and Risk Management Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
     our audit.

     We also provide the Audit and Risk Management Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit and Risk Management Committee, we determine those matters that were
     of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
     audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
     because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
     communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chui Ming Wai.




     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants
     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     27 March 2025




96
                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                         Notes    HK$’000          HK$’000

 Turnover                                                                 4      6,548,605       6,047,280


 Income from contracts with customers                                     4         407,124         792,028
 Net loss from investments                                                4         (53,793)       (489,491)
   Interest income                                                                  556,038         659,676
   Dividend income                                                                1,291,392         991,866
   Realised gain/(loss) on investments                                              151,816          (13,158)
   Unrealised loss on investments                                                (2,050,837)     (2,127,704)
   Others                                                                            (2,202)            (171)
 Income from other sources                                                4          28,052       1,102,323
 Impairment losses                                                        5        (358,616)       (731,691)
 Operating expenses                                                       6        (823,835)       (907,223)

 Loss from operating activities                                                   (801,068)       (234,054)

 Finance costs                                                             7     (1,339,129)     (1,643,691)
 Impairment losses on investments in associates                            5              –          (64,151)
 Share of profits less losses of associates                               16          3,544         230,823
 Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                           17        (41,272)          25,183

 Loss before taxation                                                            (2,177,925)     (1,685,890)
 Income tax credit/(expenses)                                             9         313,266          (76,379)

 Loss for the year                                                               (1,864,659)     (1,762,269)

 Attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company                                            (1,909,019)     (1,922,639)
   Holders of perpetual capital securities                                32         78,993          98,066
   Non-controlling interests                                                        (34,633)         62,304

 Loss for the year                                                               (1,864,659)     (1,762,269)

 Basic and diluted loss per share                                         13     HK$(1.133)      HK$(1.141)




The notes on pages 103 to 185 form part of these financial statements.



                                                                                                                97
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                              Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000

      Loss for the year                                                               (1,864,659)   (1,762,269)

      Other comprehensive income for the year:
        Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
        — Net movement in investment revaluation reserve of
          equity investments designated at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                                   1,539,717      (372,285)
        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
        — Share of other comprehensive income and effect of
          foreign currency translation of associates                                   (204,121)     (145,321)
        — Share of other comprehensive income and effect of
          foreign currency translation of joint ventures                                (19,022)       (13,376)
        — Other net movement in exchange reserve                                       (445,337)     (466,737)

                                                                               12       871,237      (997,719)

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                          (993,422)    (2,759,988)

      Attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                                            (1,008,523)   (2,973,695)
        Holders of perpetual capital securities                                32         78,993        98,066
        Non-controlling interests                                                        (63,892)      115,641

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                          (993,422)    (2,759,988)




     The notes on pages 103 to 185 form part of these financial statements.




98
                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2024




                                                                   31 December     31 December
                                                                          2024            2023
                                                           Notes       HK$’000         HK$’000

 Non-current assets
   Property, plant and equipment                            14          455,989         463,967
   Investment properties                                    14        5,329,287       5,584,819
   Investments in associates                                16       17,017,451      17,709,713
   Investments in joint ventures                            17          729,803         932,964
   Equity investments designated at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                              18        6,572,616       5,032,899
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19       22,032,489      26,496,579

                                                                     52,137,635      56,220,941

 Current assets
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19        5,218,394       4,315,462
   Advances to customers                                    20        3,059,342       3,070,573
   Inventories                                              21        1,472,807       1,529,339
   Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                22        1,545,596       1,929,105
   Trading securities                                       23        2,830,106       2,916,448
   Finance lease receivables                                                  –          17,976
   Cash and cash equivalents                                24        8,422,125       9,588,078

                                                                     22,548,370      23,366,981

 Current liabilities
   Trading securities                                       23         (378,368)        (237,500)
   Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges         25       (2,574,238)      (2,962,495)
   Bank loans                                               26       (9,300,158)    (10,995,928)
   Bonds payable                                            28       (3,239,610)      (6,069,140)
   Other financial liabilities                              27         (437,378)        (472,414)
   Lease liabilities                                        30          (20,473)          (13,273)
   Provision for taxation                                              (672,775)        (582,592)

                                                                    (16,623,000)    (21,333,342)

 Net current assets                                                   5,925,370       2,033,639

 Total assets less current liabilities                               58,063,005      58,254,580




                                                                                                     99
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position | Continued
      As at 31 December 2024




                                                                                               31 December         31 December
                                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                  Notes            HK$’000             HK$’000

       Non-current liabilities
        Bank loans                                                                  26            (4,084,395)         (7,607,680)
        Bonds payable                                                               28           (13,498,375)         (7,724,360)
        Other financial liabilities                                                 27            (6,441,964)         (6,768,868)
        Lease liabilities                                                           30               (18,049)             (10,593)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                    29            (1,370,151)         (2,037,293)

                                                                                                 (25,412,934)        (24,148,794)

       NET ASSETS                                                                                 32,650,071         34,105,786

       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
        Share capital                                                               31             9,618,097          9,618,097
        Reserves                                                                                  20,108,567         21,371,624

       Attributable to:
         Equity shareholders of the Company                                                       29,726,664         30,989,721
         Holders of perpetual capital securities                                    32             2,209,630          2,209,566
         Non-controlling interests                                                                   713,777            906,499

       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                               32,650,071         34,105,786


      Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2025 and signed on behalf of the Board by:




      Lin Chun                                              An Xuesong
      Director                                              Director




      The notes on pages 103 to 185 form part of these financial statements.



100
                                                                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                       Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company


                                                             Option Investment                                                                         Perpetual        Non-
                                                   Share    premium revaluation     Goodwill        Capital   Exchange       Retained                     capital controlling         Total
                                                  capital    reserve     reserve      reserve      reserve      reserve      earnings         Total    securities   interests       equity
                                        Notes    HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000

 As at 1 January 2023                           9,618,097      1,242   3,997,995     (664,792)     (87,473) (1,127,494) 22,751,628 34,489,203          2,341,083    1,046,815 37,877,101
 Net movement by non-controlling
   shareholders                                        –           –           –            –         (131)           –             –          (131)           –     (255,957)    (256,088)
 Dividends paid                          11            –           –           –            –            –            –      (505,576)    (505,576)            –            –     (505,576)
 Issuance of perpetual medium term
   notes                                 32            –           –           –            –            –            –             –             –    2,184,880            –    2,184,880
 Redemption of senior perpetual
   capital securities                    32            –           –           –            –            –            –       (21,557)      (21,557) (2,325,540)            –    (2,347,097)
 Distribution to holders of perpetual
   capital securities                    32            –           –           –            –            –            –             –             –      (88,923)           –       (88,923)
 Share of capital reserve of
   associates                                          –           –           –            –        1,477            –             –        1,477             –            –        1,477
 Loss for the year                                     –           –           –            –            –            –     (1,922,639) (1,922,639)       98,066      62,304     (1,762,269)
 Other comprehensive income
   for the year                                        –           –    (372,285)           –            –     (678,771)            –    (1,051,056)           –      53,337      (997,719)

 As at 31 December 2023 and
   as at 1 January 2024                         9,618,097      1,242   3,625,710     (664,792)     (86,127) (1,806,265) 20,301,856 30,989,721          2,209,566     906,499 34,105,786
 Net movement by non-controlling
   shareholders                                        –           –           –            –          (52)           –             –           (52)           –     (128,830)    (128,882)
 Dividends paid                          11            –           –           –            –            –            –      (252,788)    (252,788)            –            –     (252,788)
 Distribution to holders of perpetual
   capital securities                    32            –           –           –            –            –            –             –             –      (78,929)           –      (78,929)
 Share of capital reserve of
   associates                                          –           –           –            –       (1,694)           –             –        (1,694)           –            –        (1,694)
 Loss for the year                                     –           –           –            –            –            –     (1,909,019) (1,909,019)       78,993      (34,633) (1,864,659)
 Other comprehensive income
   for the year                                        –           –   1,539,717            –            –     (639,221)            –      900,496             –      (29,259)     871,237

 As at 31 December 2024                         9,618,097      1,242   5,165,427     (664,792)     (87,873) (2,445,486) 18,140,049 29,726,664          2,209,630     713,777 32,650,071




The notes on pages 103 to 185 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                                               101
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CASH FLOWS
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                            2024           2023
                                                                               Notes      HK$’000        HK$’000

       NET CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                               41(a)    1,691,434       3,176,928

       INVESTING ACTIVITIES
         Purchase of property, plant and equipment
          and investment properties                                                        (14,763)         (4,618)
         Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment
          and investment properties                                                        52,269              291
         Proceeds from disposal of an associate                                               628                –
         Investments in an associate                                                            –           (2,042)
         Divestment in joint ventures                                                     144,850                –
         Decrease in restricted cash                                                       24,854         232,930
         Decrease in restricted deposits                                                        –         664,102
         Bank interest received                                                           112,229         172,695
         Dividends received from investments                                              299,232         330,656
         Dividends received from associates and joint ventures                            487,160         309,984

       NET CASH INFLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                        1,106,459       1,703,998

       NET CASH INFLOW BEFORE FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                      2,797,893       4,880,926

       FINANCING ACTIVITIES
         Issuance of shares of subsidiaries to non-controlling shareholders                      –             2,759
         Redemption of non-controlling shareholders’ shares                               (109,049)       (376,660)
         Proceeds from bank loans                                                       21,613,350     19,986,431
         Proceeds from issuance of medium term notes                                     9,363,230       4,374,600
         Repayment of bank loans                                                       (26,782,331)   (22,276,922)
         Repayment of medium term notes and bonds                                       (6,042,625)     (2,422,404)
         Issuance of perpetual medium term notes                                                 –       2,184,880
         Redemption of senior perpetual capital securities                                       –      (2,325,540)
         Repayment of lease liabilities                                                    (31,859)         (38,562)
         Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                    (19,780)           (1,056)
         Dividends paid                                                                   (252,788)       (505,576)
         Distribution to holders of perpetual capital securities                           (78,929)         (88,923)
         Interest paid                                                                  (1,271,296)     (1,625,732)

       NET CASH OUTFLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                       (3,612,077)    (3,112,705)

       NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                              (814,184)      1,768,221

       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
        Beginning of year                                                               9,531,117       7,945,641
        Exchange rate adjustments                                                        (326,915)       (182,745)

         End of year                                                                    8,390,018       9,531,117

       ANALYSIS OF THE BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
         Bank balances and cash – general accounts                                      7,810,665       8,354,387
         Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of less
          than three months when acquired                                                 611,460       1,233,691
         Restricted cash                                                                  (32,107)         (56,961)

         End of year                                                            24      8,390,018       9,531,117



      The notes on pages 103 to 185 form part of these financial statements.


102
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




1.    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
      China Everbright Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange
      of Hong Kong Limited. The Company considers Honorich Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
      Islands, to be the immediate holding company of the Company and Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (“Huijin”) to be the
      ultimate holding company of the Company. Huijin is a state-owned investment company incorporated in accordance with
      China’s Company Law. Huijin was established in December 2003 and mandated to exercise the rights and the obligations
      as an investor in major state-owned financial enterprises, on behalf of the State Council. In September 2007, the
      Ministry of Finance issued special treasury bonds and acquired all the shares of Huijin from the People’s Bank of China.
      The acquired shares were injected into China Investment Corporation (“CIC”) as part of its initial capital contribution.
      However, Huijin’s principal shareholder rights are exercised by the State Council. The members of Huijin’s Board of
      Directors and Board of Supervisors are appointed by and are accountable to the State Council. No financial statements
      were prepared by these companies available for public use.

      The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The Company, through its subsidiaries, associates and joint
      ventures, is principally engaged in investment activities and the provision of financial services.


2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a)   Statement of compliance
      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standards (“HKFRSs”), which include all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
      Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
      (“HKICPA”), and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable
      disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. A
      summary of the material accounting policies adopted by the Group is set out below.

      The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the
      current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from
      the initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior
      accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.


(b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements
      The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries
      (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures.

      The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except that the
      following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below:

      —     investment properties (note 2(h)); and

      —     financial instruments classified as trading securities, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, equity
            investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss and derivative financial instruments (notes 2(f) and 2(n)).

      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates
      and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.




                                                                                                                                    103
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)
            Non-current assets and disposal group held for sale are stated at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less
            costs to sell (see note 2(ab)(i)).

            The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed
            to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about the
            carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
            these estimates.

            The accounting estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
            period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

            Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the financial statements
            and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 43.


      (c)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
            Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to
            variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
            entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are
            considered.

            An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
            commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
            profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
            Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
            the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

            Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
            respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
            the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial
            liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non- controlling interests either at fair value
            or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

            Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
            equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are
            presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of comprehensive
            income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling
            interests and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of non- controlling interests are presented as
            financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
            transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
            consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill, and no gain or
            loss is recognised.




104
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(c)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
      with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date
      when control is lost is recognised at fair value, and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a
      financial asset (see note 2(f)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint
      venture (see note 2(d)).

      In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see
      note 2(I)), unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) (see note
      2(ab)(i)).

      A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
      deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only, and key activities
      are directed by contractual agreement. Structured entities often have restricted activities and a narrow and well defined
      objective. Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities is disclosed in note 38.


(d)   Associates and joint ventures
      An associate is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control,
      over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

      A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or the Company and other parties contractually agree to share
      control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

      An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the
      equity method. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost and adjusted thereafter for the post
      acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment
      (see note 2(I)). Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s
      investments in associates or joint ventures. The Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees
      and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the
      Group’s share of post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the
      consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

      When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is
      reduced to nil and further losses are not recognised except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
      obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest in the investee is the
      carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in
      substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

      Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
      eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
      impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

      If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
      remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.




                                                                                                                                        105
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (d)   Associates and joint ventures (continued)
            When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
            capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
            in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

            In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
            venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being
            recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint
            control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
            asset (see note 2(f)).

            In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint ventures are stated at cost less
            impairment losses (see note 2(l)), unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as
            held for sale) (see note 2(ab)(i)).


      (e)   Goodwill
            Goodwill represents the excess of:

            (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the
                   acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

            (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

            When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

            Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
            to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
            combination and is tested annually for impairment (see note 2(l)). In respect of associates or joint ventures, the carrying
            amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the interest in the associate or joint venture and the investment
            as a whole is tested for impairment whenever there is objective evidence of impairment (see note 2(l)).

            On disposal of a cash generating unit, an associate or a joint venture during the year, any attributable amount of
            purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the gain or loss on disposal.

            Goodwill on acquisitions that occurred prior to 1 January 2001 was eliminated against goodwill reserves. Such goodwill is
            released from goodwill reserves to retained earnings when all or part of the business to which the goodwill is related is
            disposed of.




106
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(f)   Investments and other financial assets
      Initial recognition and measurement
      Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other
      comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

      The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
      characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not
      contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting
      the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the
      case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain
      a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
      transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below
      (note 2(u)).

      In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive
      income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal
      amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through
      profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

      The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
      generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
      flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within
      a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial
      assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with
      the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
      aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

      All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
      commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
      require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.


      Subsequent measurement
      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


      Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
      Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
      impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified
      or impaired.




                                                                                                                                       107
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (f)   Investments and other financial assets (continued)
            Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
            Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
            designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under HKAS 32
            Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-
            instrument basis.

            Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are recognised
            as dividend income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable
            that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
            measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial
            asset, in which case such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value
            through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.


            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net
            changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

            This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to
            classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial assets
            at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as dividend income in the statement of profit or loss when the right
            of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
            Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably. Interest income arising from the financial assets at fair
            value through profit or loss is recognised as net gains or net losses in the statement of profit or loss.

            A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host and
            accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host; a
            separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the
            hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with
            changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in
            the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification
            of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

            A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The
            financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety based on the
            contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing such assets.




108
                                                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(g)   Derecognition of financial assets
      A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
      derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

      —     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

      —     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
            received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either
            (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
            transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

      When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
      arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When
      it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
      asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that
      case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on
      a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

      Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
      original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
      repay.


(h)   Investment properties
      Investment properties are land and/or buildings which are owned or held under a leasehold interest (see note 2(k)) to
      earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation. These include land held for a currently undetermined future use and
      property that is being constructed or developed for future use as investment property.

      Investment properties are stated at fair value at the end of the reporting period, unless they are still in the course of
      construction or development at the end of the reporting period and their fair value cannot be reliably measured at the
      time. Any gain or loss arising from a change in fair value or from the retirement or disposal of an investment property is
      recognised in profit or loss. Rental income from investment properties is accounted for as described in note 2(u).


(i)   Other property and equipment
      The following items of property and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
      accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)):

      —     buildings held for own use which are situated on leasehold land, where the fair value could be measured separately
            from the fair value of the leasehold land at the inception of the lease (see note 2(k)); and

      —     other items of equipment comprising leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, and motor
            vehicles.

      Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined as the
      difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on
      the date of retirement or disposal.




                                                                                                                                          109
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (j)   Depreciation
            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
            residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

            —     Interests in leasehold land held for own use under operating leases is depreciated over the unexpired terms of
                  leases

            —     Buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over the shorter of the unexpired terms of leases and their
                  estimated useful lives, being not more than 50 years after the date of purchase

            —     Leasehold improvements                           over the shorter of 5 years and the lease terms

            —     Furniture, fixtures and equipment                3 to 20 years

            —     Motor vehicles                                   5 years

            —     Right-of-use assets                              over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives

            Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is allocated on a
            reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset and its
            residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.


      (k)   Leased assets
            The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if
            the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


            Group as a lessee
            The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases
            of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing
            the right to use the underlying assets.

            (a)   Right-of-use assets
                  Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets are measured at
                  cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
                  liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs
                  incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
                  Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated
                  useful lives of the assets. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or
                  the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the
                  asset.




110
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(k)   Leased assets (continued)
      Group as a lessee (continued)
      (b)   Lease liabilities
            Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments
            to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed
            payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and
            amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price
            of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination
            of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease
            payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event
            or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease
            commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
            commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced
            for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
            modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments or a change in assessment of an option to
            purchase the underlying asset.

      (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office premises. When
            the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on
            a lease-by-lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an
            expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


      Group as a lessor
      When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its leases
      as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

      Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset
      are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
      consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted
      for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its
      operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying
      amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are
      recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

      Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the
      lessee are accounted for as finance leases. At the commencement date, the cost of the leased asset is capitalised at
      the present value of the lease payments and related payments, including the initial direct costs, and presented as a
      receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.




                                                                                                                                     111
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (l)   Impairment of assets
      (i)   Impairment of financial assets
            The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
            through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with
            the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
            effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
            enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

            General approach
            For financial assets recognised at amortised cost, ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which
            there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that
            result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for
            which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit
            losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

            At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
            since initial recognition. Depending on the nature of the financial instrument, the assessment of a significant increase
            in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on
            a collective basis, the financial instrument is grouped based on similar credit risk characteristics. When making the
            assessment, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
            the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
            supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.
            The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30
            days past due.




112
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(l)    Impairment of assets (continued)
(i)    Impairment of financial assets (continued)
       General approach (continued)
       The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
       cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates
       that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
       enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
       the contractual cash flows.

       Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
       the following stages for measurement of ECLs as detailed below.

       Stage 1 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which
                 the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

       Stage 2 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not
                 credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                 ECLs

       Stage 3 — Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-
                 impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


(ii)   Impairment of other assets
       Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify indications that
       the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no
       longer exists or may have decreased:

       —     Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets (other than properties carried at revalued amount);

       —     Intangible assets;

       —     Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in the Company’s statement of financial position; and

       —     Goodwill.

       If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets that
       are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is estimated
       annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.




                                                                                                                                       113
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (l)    Impairment of assets (continued)
      (ii)   Impairment of other assets (continued)
             Calculation of recoverable amount
             The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
             value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
             reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the assets. Where an asset
             does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined
             for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

             Recognition of impairment losses
             An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to
             which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are
             allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and
             then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
             carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), or value
             in use, (if determinable).

             Reversals of impairment losses
             In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
             estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

             A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been determined had no
             impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in
             which the reversals are recognised.


      (m) Accounts receivable and other receivables
             A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive
             consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
             If revenue has been recognised before the group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is
             presented as a contract asset (see note 2(v)).

             Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see note
             2(l)(i)).




114
                                                                                                          CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(n)    Financial liabilities
(i)    Financial liabilities
       Initial recognition and measurement
       Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
       borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

       All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of
       directly attributable transaction costs.

       The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, derivative financial instruments and interest- bearing
       bank and other borrowings.

       Subsequent measurement
       The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
       Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term.
       This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging
       instruments in hedge relationships. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they
       are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the
       statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include
       any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

       Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
       After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
       effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at
       cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
       through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

       Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are
       an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the
       statement of profit or loss.


(ii)   Derecognition of financial liabilities
       A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

       When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
       terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition
       of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is
       recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                115
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (o)    Inventories
             Inventories are stated at specifically identified cost, including capitalised borrowing costs directly attributable to the
             development of the properties, exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings are capitalised to the
             extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs, aggregate cost of development, materials and supplies,
             wages and other direct expenses, less any allowance considered necessary by the directors.

             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling
             prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.


      (p)    Cash and cash equivalents
             Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks and short-term
             highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known amounts
             of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash
             commitments.

             For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
             at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an
             integral part of the Group’s cash management.

             For cash subject to restriction, assessment is made on the economic substance of the restriction and whether they meet
             the definition of cash and cash equivalents.


      (q)    Equity instruments
             An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
             liabilities.

             Perpetual capital securities issued by the Company contain no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial
             asset; or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that are potentially
             unfavourable to the Company; and the securities issued are non-derivative instruments that will be settled in the
             Company’s own equity instruments, but include no contractual obligation for the Company to deliver a variable number
             of its own equity instruments. The Company classifies the securities issued as an equity instrument. Fees, commissions
             and other transaction costs of the securities issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on the securities are
             recognised as profit distribution at the time of declaration.


      (r)    Employee benefits
      (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
             Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution plans and the cost of non- monetary
             benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees. Where payment or
             settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.


      (ii)   Termination benefits
             Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits
             and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.




116
                                                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(s)   Income tax
      Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and
      movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to
      items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are
      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

      Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
      enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences, respectively, being the
      differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases.
      Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

      Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable
      that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits
      that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those
      that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same
      taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected
      reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset
      can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary
      differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those
      differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are
      expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

      The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from
      goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
      taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments
      in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is
      probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it
      is probable that they will reverse in the future.

      The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the
      carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting
      period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

      The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent
      that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised.
      Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

      Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related
      dividends is recognised.




                                                                                                                                           117
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (s)   Income tax (continued)
            Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other and
            are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax
            liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
            liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

            —     in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or
                  to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

            —     in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
                  on either:

                  —      the same taxable entity; or

                  —      different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities
                         or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and settle the
                         current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

            Dividend and interest income received by the Company or the Group may be subject to withholding tax imposed in the
            country of origin. Dividend and interest income is recorded gross of such taxes and the corresponding withholding tax is
            recognised as tax expense.


            Pillar two income taxes
            In 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development published the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model
            Rules (“Pillar Two model rules”) for a new global minimum tax reform applicable to large multinational enterprises. The
            Group falls within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. Among the jurisdictions in which the Group operates (“operating
            jurisdictions”), the Pillar Two legislation (effecting the Pillar Two model rules/components thereof) is expected to become
            effective in Singapore and Hong Kong from 2025 retrospectively after relevant domestic legislations are enacted.

            Under the legislation, the Group is obligated to pay a top-up tax for the difference between its Global Anit-Base Erosion
            (“GloBE”) effective tax rate (“ETR”) per jurisdiction and the 15% minimum rate. The Group has applied the temporary
            mandatory exception to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar
            Two income taxes.

            For other operating jurisdictions which are in the process of implementing their Pillar Two income tax legislation, it is
            possible that the Group may be subject to additional Pillar Two income tax in those jurisdictions from 2025. The Group is
            continuing to assess the impact of the Pillar Two income tax legislation on its future financial performance.




118
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(t)   Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts
      Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group or the Company has a legal
      or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will
      be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
      provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
      reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
      remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
      more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
      remote.

      An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations
      under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract. Provisions for onerous
      contracts are measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the net
      cost of continuing with the contract.


(u)   Revenue recognition
      Revenue from contracts with customers
      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers
      at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
      services.

      When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which the
      Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration is
      estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount
      of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is
      subsequently resolved.

      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
      the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
      the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
      between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which
      provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
      includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where
      the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less,
      the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in
      HKFRS 15.




                                                                                                                                      119
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (u)   Revenue recognition (continued)
            Construction services
            Revenue is recognised when the control over the residential and commercial projects has been transferred to the
            customer. At contract inception, the Group assesses whether the Group transfers control of the residential and
            commercial projects over time or at a point in time by determining if:

            —     its performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group;

            —     the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

            The residential and commercial projects undertaken by the Group do not have an alternative use for the Group due to
            contractual restriction and the Group does not have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
            Accordingly, revenue is recognised only when the legal title passes to the buyer or when the equitable interest in the
            property vests with the buyer upon signing of the property handover notice by the buyer, whichever is earlier.

            Revenue is measured at the transaction price agreed under the contract. Estimates of revenues, costs or extent of
            progress towards completion are revised if circumstances change. Any resulting increases or decreases in estimated
            revenues or costs are reflected in the profit or loss in the period in the which the circumstances that give rise to the
            revision become known by management.

            Provision of consultancy and management services
            Revenue from the provision of consultancy and management services is recognised over the scheduled period on a
            straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.


            Revenue from other sources
            Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not depend
            on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


            Other income
            Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
            discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when
            appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

            Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable
            that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
            measured reliably.


      (v)   Contract assets
            A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer. If the Group
            performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment
            is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Contract assets are subject to
            impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for impairment of financial assets as
            described in note 2(l).




120
                                                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(w) Contract liabilities
      A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received a
      consideration (or an amount of consideration that is due) from the customer. If a customer pays the consideration before
      the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a
      payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract
      liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract.


(x)   Contract costs
      Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs
      incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

      (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

      (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
            performance obligations in the future.

      (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.

      The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis that
      is consistent with the transfer to the customer if the goods or services to which the asset relates is recognised. Other
      contract costs are expensed as incurred.


(y)   Translation of foreign currencies
      Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates.
      Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
      end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss, except those arising from foreign
      currency borrowings used to hedge a net investment in a foreign operation which are recognised in other comprehensive
      income.

      Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
      the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
      currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value
      was measured.

      The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating to the foreign
      exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items, including goodwill arising
      on consolidation of foreign operations acquired on or after 1 January 2005, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the
      closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised
      in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve. Goodwill arising on
      consolidation of a foreign operation acquired before 1 January 2005 is translated at the foreign exchange rate that applied
      at the date of acquisition of the foreign operation.

      On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation
      is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.


(z)   Borrowing costs
      Borrowing costs are expensed in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred, except to the extent that they are
      capitalised as being directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes
      a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale.




                                                                                                                                      121
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (aa) Government grants
             Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
             and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income
             on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


      (ab) Non-current assets and disposal group held for sale and discontinued operations
      (i)    Non-current assets held for sale
             A non-current asset (or disposal group) is classified as held for sale if it is highly probable that its carrying amount will
             be recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and the asset (or disposal group) is available
             for sale in its present condition. A disposal group is a group of assets to be disposed of together as a group in a single
             transaction, and liabilities directly associated with those assets that will be transferred in the transaction.

             When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all the assets and liabilities of that
             subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the above criteria for classification as held for sale are met, regardless
             of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the subsidiary after the sale. The relevant asset can be
             classified as current asset if it meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale.

             Immediately before classification as held for sale, the measurement of the non-current assets (and all individual
             assets and liabilities in a disposal group) is brought up-to-date in accordance with the accounting policies before the
             classification. Then, on initial classification as held for sale and until disposal, the non-current assets (except for certain
             assets as explained below), or disposal groups, are recognised at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less
             costs to sell. The principal exceptions to this measurement policy so far as the financial statements of the Group and
             the Company are concerned are deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial assets (other than
             investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) and investment properties. These assets, even if held for sale,
             would continue to be measured in accordance with the policies set out elsewhere in note 2.

             Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale, and on subsequent remeasurement while held for sale, are
             recognised in profit or loss. As long as a non-current asset is classified as held for sale, or is included in a disposal group
             that is classified as held for sale, the non-current asset is not depreciated or amortised.


      (ii)   Discontinued operations
             A discontinued operation is a component of the Group’s business, the operations and cash flows of which can be clearly
             distinguished from the rest of the Group and which represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of
             operations, or is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of
             operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.

             Classification as a discontinued operation occurs upon disposal or when the operation meets the criteria to be classified
             as held for sale (see (i) above), if earlier. It also occurs if the operation is abandoned.

             Where an operation is classified as discontinued, a single amount is presented on the face of the consolidated statement
             of profit or loss, which comprises:

             —     the post-tax profit or loss of the discontinued operation; and

             —     the post-tax gain or loss recognised on the measurement of fair value less costs to sell, or on the disposal, of the
                   assets or disposal group(s) constituting the discontinued operation.




122
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(ac) Fair value measurement
     The Group measures its investment properties, trading securities, derivative financial instruments, financial assets at fair
     value through profit or loss and equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income at fair
     value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
     a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is
     based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
     market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset
     or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset
     or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
     assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
     benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the
     asset in its highest and best use.

     The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available
     to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

     All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
     within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
     measurement as a whole:

     Level 1 — Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
               assets or liabilities at the measurement date

     Level 2 — Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using
               significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

     Level 3 — Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

     For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
     whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation at the end of each
     reporting period.




                                                                                                                                      123
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (ad) Related parties
           For the purposes of these financial statements, a party is considered to be related to the Group if:

           (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                 (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

                 (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

           (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                 (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same Group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and
                          fellow subsidiary is related to the others);

                 (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of
                          a Group of which the other entity is a member);

                 (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

                 (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                 (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                          related to the Group;

                 (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                 (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                          personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                 (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                          the Group or to the Group’s parent.

           Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
           by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


      (ae) Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified from the
           financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of allocating
           resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have
           similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production
           processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the
           nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
           share a majority of these criteria.




124
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




3.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
     The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.

     Amendments to HKAS 1                              Presentation of financial statements - Classification of liabilities as
                                                         current or non-current (“2020 amendments”) and amendments to
                                                         HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements - Non-current liabilities
                                                         with covenants (“2022 amendments”)

     The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

     The HKAS 1 amendments impact the classification of a liability as current or non-current, and have been applied
     retrospectively as a package.

     The 2020 amendments primarily clarify the classification of a liability that can be settled in its own equity instruments.
     If the terms of a liability could, at the option of the counterparty, result in settlement by the transfer of the Group’s
     own equity instruments and that conversion option is accounted for as equity instrument, these terms do not affect
     the classification of liability as current or non-current. Otherwise, the transfer of equity instruments would constitute
     settlement of the liability and impact classification.

     The 2022 amendments specify that conditions with which an entity must comply after the reporting date do not affect
     the classification of a liability as current or non-current. However, the entity is required to disclose information about non-
     current liabilities subject to such conditions.

     Upon the adoption of the HKAS 1 amendments, the Group has reassessed the classification of its liabilities as current or
     non-current. The amendments do not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position,
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and cash flows.




                                                                                                                                       125
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.   TURNOVER, INCOME FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS, INVESTMENTS AND OTHER SOURCES
           Turnover disclosed in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents the aggregate of service fee income, sales
           of inventories, interest income, dividend income, rental income from investment properties, rental income from finance
           leases and gross sale proceeds from disposal of trading securities of secondary market investments, in which the
           turnover of derivatives is defined as the absolute net profit or loss.

           Income from contracts with customers, investments and other sources recognised during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

             Income from contracts with customers
             Recognised over time
               Management fee income                                                                 148,795             182,189
               Rental income from investment properties                                              212,998             213,733
             Recognised at a point in time
               Consultancy fee and performance fee income                                             35,062             376,838
               Sales of inventories                                                                   10,269              19,268

                                                                                                     407,124             792,028

             Net loss from investments
             Interest income
               Financial assets not at fair value through profit or loss
               Bank deposits                                                                         112,229             172,695
               Advances to customers                                                                 344,850             361,129
               Debt investments                                                                       98,959             125,852
             Dividend income
               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and trading securities          992,160             661,210
               Equity investments designated at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                                                  299,232             330,656
             Realised gain/(loss) on investments
               Net realised gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             32,802             129,242
               Net realised gain/(loss) on trading securities                                        119,014            (142,400)
             Unrealised loss on investments
               Change of unrealised loss on financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                                                             (2,100,782)         (2,317,516)
               Change of unrealised gain on trading securities                                         49,945             189,812
             Others
               Realised loss on disposal of an associate                                               (2,202)                  –
               Realised loss on disposal of a joint venture                                                 –                (171)

                                                                                                      (53,793)          (489,491)

             Income from other sources
               Net (loss)/gain on revaluation of investment properties                                (95,096)           760,263
               Written back of impairment loss on inventory                                                 –            179,704
               Rental income from finance leases                                                        2,815               4,110
               (Loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                (3,239)                 90
               Exchange differences, net                                                               34,708              (2,144)
               Others                                                                                  88,864            160,300

                                                                                                      28,052           1,102,323




126
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024




5.   IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Impairment losses on:
        — Advances to customers                                                              148,000            367,759
        — Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                                          160,440            360,245
        — Finance lease receivables                                                           20,563              3,687
        — Inventories                                                                         29,613                  –

                                                                                             358,616            731,691

      Impairment losses on:
        — Investments in associates                                                                 –            64,151

                                                                                             358,616            795,842


6.   OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                  50,348             55,000
      Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                      1,831              2,433
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                  13,660             17,844
      Management fee, consultancy fee, advisor fee and performance fee                        77,139             70,747
      Office expenses                                                                         21,082             43,462
      Bank charges                                                                            47,249             39,383
      Employee expenses (wages, bonuses and allowances)                                      249,926            256,035
      Legal and professional fee                                                              35,492             53,834
      Other operating expenses                                                               327,108            368,485

                                                                                             823,835            907,223


7.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Interest expense on bank loans and other borrowings                                  1,337,878          1,640,407
      Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                    1,251              3,284

                                                                                           1,339,129          1,643,691


     The effective interest rate of bank loans and other borrowings was approximately 4.11% (2023: 4.70%) per annum during
     the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                             127
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS
      (a)   Directors’ emoluments:
            Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
            Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

            For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                  Salaries,
                                                                               allowances                 Retirement
                                                               Directors’     and benefits Discretionary      scheme                   2024
                                                                      fee          in kind      bonuses contributions                  Total
                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000                 HK$’000

             Executive directors
             Lin Chun (note 1)                                           –            1,637                   –           72           1,709
             An Xuesong (note 2)                                         –            1,462                   –           54           1,516
             Yin Yanwu                                                   –            1,366                   –           72           1,438
             Wang Yun                                                    –            1,396                   –           72           1,468
             Zhang Mingao (note 3)                                       –                –                   –            –               –

             Non-executive directors
             Yu Fachang                                                  –                 –                  –             –              –
             Qin Hongyuan (note 4)                                       –                 –                  –             –              –
             Pan Wenjie (note 5)                                         –                 –                  –             –              –
             Fang Bin (note 6)                                           –                 –                  –             –              –

             Independent non-executive directors
             Lin Zhijun                                               200               364                   –             –           564
             Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                    200               378                   –             –           578
             Wong Chun Sek Edmund (note 7)                            155               236                   –             –           391
             Chung Shui Ming Timpson (note 8)                          79               172                   –             –           251

                                                                      634             7,011                   –          270           7,915

            Note:

            1.      Mr. Lin Chun was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 4 January 2024.

            2.      Mr. An Xuesong was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 5 April 2024.

            3.      Mr. Zhang Mingao was resigned as an Executive Director with effect from 4 January 2024.

            4.      Dr. Qin Hongyuan was appointed as a Non-executive Director with effect from 4 January 2024.

            5.      Ms. Pan Wenjie was resigned as a Non-executive Director with effect from 22 March 2024.

            6.      Mr. Fang Bin was resigned as a Non-executive Director with effect from 4 January 2024.

            7.      Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director with effect from 22 March 2024.

            8.      Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson was retired as an Independent Non-executive Director with effect from 23 May 2024.




128
                                                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024




8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
(a)   Directors’ emoluments: (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                          Salaries,
                                                                       allowances                 Retirement
                                                        Directors’    and benefits Discretionary      scheme            2023
                                                               fee         in kind      bonuses contributions           Total
                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000

       Executive directors
       Zhang Mingao                                               –           1,601              –            64         1,665
       Wang Yun (note 1)                                          –           1,034              –            47         1,081
       Yin Yanwu                                                  –           1,516              –            53         1,569
       Wang Hongyang (note 2)                                     –             493              –             6           499

       Non-executive directors
       Yu Fachang                                                 –                –             –             –             –
       Pan Wenjie                                                 –                –             –             –             –
       Fang Bin                                                   –                –             –             –             –

       Independent non-executive directors
       Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                 200              328              –             –          528
       Lin Zhijun                                              200              300              –             –          500
       Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                   200              314              –             –          514

                                                               600            5,586              –           170         6,356

      Note:

      1.      Ms. Wang Yun was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 5 May 2023.

      2.      Mr. Wang Hongyang resigned as an Executive Director with effect from 5 May 2023.




                                                                                                                                  129
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
      (b)   Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments

                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

             Salaries and other emoluments                                                              9,449             10,475
             Special reward and deferred bonuses                                                          653                  –
             Retirement scheme contributions                                                              186                 90

                                                                                                       10,288             10,565


                                                                                                         2024               2023

             Number of directors                                                                            –                   –
             Number of employees                                                                            5                   5

                                                                                                            5                   5


            Their emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                                   Number of individuals
                                                                                                         2024               2023

             HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                   2                   –
             HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                   3                   5
             HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                   –                   –

                                                                                                            5                   5


            During the year, no emoluments were paid to the five highest paid individuals (including directors and employees) as an
            inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2023: Nil).

            Bonus payment is determined pursuant to the incentive schemes and relevant policies of the Group.




130
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




9.   INCOME TAX (CREDIT)/EXPENSES
     The provision for Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits for
     the year. Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is calculated at the appropriate current rates of taxation in the relevant tax
     jurisdictions.

     The amount of taxation recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000

      Current taxation
        — Hong Kong profits tax                                                                    27,008                4,012
        — Overseas taxation                                                                       298,033             166,461
        — Under/(over)-provision in prior years                                                     4,103               (4,676)
      Deferred taxation
        — Deferred taxation relating to the origination and
          reversal of temporary differences                                                      (642,410)            (89,418)

      Income tax (credit)/expenses                                                               (313,266)             76,379


     Reconciliation between income tax (credit)/expenses and accounting loss at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000

      Loss before taxation                                                                     (2,177,925)         (1,685,890)

      Calculated at the rates applicable to loss in the tax jurisdictions concerned              (595,736)           (425,338)
      Tax effect of income not subject to taxation                                             (1,070,125)         (1,145,444)
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                               1,453,177           1,222,756
      Tax effect of utilisation of previously unrecognised losses                                  (5,022)              (1,256)
      Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary
        differences not recognised                                                                (99,663)            430,337
      Under/(over)-provision of taxation in prior years                                             4,103               (4,676)

      Income tax (credit)/expenses                                                               (313,266)             76,379


10. PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS
     Profit for the year of the Company attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$175,995,000 (2023: profit
     attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$1,352,296,000) has been dealt with in the financial statements
     of the Company.




                                                                                                                                   131
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      11. DIVIDENDS
      (a)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year

                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

             — Interim dividend declared and paid of HK$0.05
                (2023: HK$0.15) per share                                                                    84,263         252,788
             — Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting
                period date of HK$0.05 (2023: HK$0.10) per share                                             84,262         168,525

                                                                                                         168,525            421,313


            The Board proposed a final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: HK$0.10 per
            share). The proposed final dividend is not reflected as dividend payable in the financial statements.


      (b)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
            year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

             — Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
                approved and paid during the year, of HK$0.10
                (2023: HK$0.15) per share                                                                168,525            252,788


      12. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
            Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                        2024                                     2023
                                                           Before tax       Tax    Net of tax   Before tax           Tax    Net of tax
                                                             amount       credit    amount        amount           credit    amount
                                                            HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000

             Net movement in investment revaluation
               reserve of equity investments designated
               at fair value through other comprehensive
               income                                      1,539,717          –    1,539,717     (372,285)             –     (372,285)
             Share of other comprehensive income and
               effect of foreign currency translation
               of associates                                (204,121)         –     (204,121)    (145,321)             –     (145,321)
             Share of other comprehensive income and
               effect of foreign currency translation
               of joint ventures                             (19,022)         –      (19,022)      (13,376)            –      (13,376)
             Other net movement in exchange reserve         (445,337)         –     (445,337)    (466,737)             –     (466,737)

                                                             871,237          –      871,237     (997,719)             –     (997,719)




132
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024




13. LOSS PER SHARE
      Basic and diluted loss per share
      The calculation of basic and diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 is based on the loss attributable
      to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$1,909,019,000 (2023: loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
      Company of HK$1,922,639,000) and the weighted average number of 1,685,253,712 shares (2023: 1,685,253,712
      shares) in issue during the year.


14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
(a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                  Interests in
                                    leasehold
                                     land held    Buildings                    Furniture,
                                       for own      held for                    fixtures,        Other
                                   use under       own use                    equipment      properties
                                    operating        carried     Leasehold    and motor      leased for                  Investment
                                         leases      at cost improvements       vehicles       own use        Total       properties
                                      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000

       Cost or valuation:
       At 1 January 2023              484,231       61,854        121,332         88,939       194,155       950,511      4,898,173
       Additions                             –           –           1,116          2,143        15,156       18,415               –
       Disposals                             –           –          (9,367)        (1,483)      (90,714)    (101,564)              –
       Net gain on revaluation               –           –               –              –              –            –       760,263
       Exchange adjustments             (3,374)          –             271           (292)        (1,147)      (4,542)       (73,617)

       As at 31 December 2023         480,857       61,854        113,352         89,307       117,450      862,820       5,584,819

       Representing:
       Cost                           480,857       61,854        113,352         89,307       117,450      862,820               –
       Professional valuation               –            –              –              –             –            –       5,584,819

                                      480,857       61,854        113,352         89,307       117,450      862,820       5,584,819

       Cost or valuation:
       At 1 January 2024              480,857       61,854        113,352         89,307       117,450      862,820       5,584,819
       Additions                            –            –              –          1,616        45,412       47,028          13,147
       Disposals                            –            –              –         (6,428)      (16,954)     (23,382)        (55,424)
       Net loss on revaluation              –            –              –              –             –            –         (95,096)
       Exchange adjustments            (4,979)           –         (1,840)          (453)         (749)      (8,021)       (118,159)

       As at 31 December 2024         475,878       61,854        111,512         84,042       145,159      878,445       5,329,287

       Representing:
       Cost                           475,878       61,854        111,512         84,042       145,159      878,445               –
       Professional valuation               –            –              –              –             –            –       5,329,287

                                      475,878       61,854        111,512         84,042       145,159      878,445       5,329,287




                                                                                                                                        133
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount (continued)

                                         Interests in
                                           leasehold
                                            land held    Buildings                     Furniture,
                                              for own      held for                     fixtures,        Other
                                          use under       own use                     equipment      properties
                                           operating        carried     Leasehold     and motor      leased for                 Investment
                                                leases      at cost improvements        vehicles       own use       Total       properties
                                             HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000

             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2023               137,671       22,958          61,990         74,236       131,938     428,793                –
             Charge for the year                7,864       1,430            5,989          5,477        34,240      55,000               –
             Written back on disposals              –            –          (9,367)        (1,278)      (72,459)    (83,104)              –
             Exchange adjustments              (1,428)         (71)          1,355           (834)         (858)      (1,836)             –

             As at 31 December 2023          144,107       24,317          59,967         77,601        92,861     398,853                –

             At 1 January 2024               144,107       24,317          59,967         77,601        92,861     398,853                –
             Charge for the year               7,782        1,430           5,695          4,914        30,527      50,348                –
             Written back on disposals             –            –               –         (6,398)      (16,179)    (22,577)               –
             Exchange adjustments             (2,214)        (170)           (888)          (276)         (620)     (4,168)               –

             As at 31 December 2024          149,675       25,577          64,774         75,841       106,589     422,456                –

             Net book value:
             As at 31 December 2024          326,203       36,277          46,738          8,201        38,570     455,989       5,329,287

             As at 31 December 2023          336,750       37,537          53,385         11,706        24,589     463,967       5,584,819


      (b)   The Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings and investment properties situated in Hong Kong and Mainland
            China were appraised as at 31 December 2024 by RHL Appraisal Limited, Savills Real Estate Valuation (Guangzhou)
            Limited and Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited, independent professional valuers who have, among their staff
            fellows of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors or the China Institute of Real Estate Appraisers and Agents, recent
            experience in the location and category of property being valued. These properties were appraised on an open market
            basis and investment properties are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at market value.

            As at 31 December 2024, had the Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings, which were carried at cost less
            accumulated depreciation, been carried at fair value, their carrying amount would have been HK$797,900,000 (2023:
            HK$985,759,000). Since such fair value is determined using significant unobservable inputs, it will be categorised as
            Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

            The fair value of the Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings in Hong Kong and Mainland China is determined
            using the direct comparison approach based on prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable
            properties. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the properties which include the size, scale, nature,
            character and location. Premiums or discounts will be applied based on characteristics of the properties.




134
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(b)   (continued)
      In the opinion of the Directors, the Group’s existing use of its interest in leasehold land and buildings equates to the
      highest and best use of the assets.

      Investment properties of HK$4,376,684,000 (2023: HK$4,599,631,000) of the Group are rented out under operating
      leases; HK$689,702,000 (2023: HK$750,366,000) are under construction and will be rented out upon completion of the
      construction.

      All properties held under operating leases that would otherwise meet the definition of investment properties are
      classified as investment properties.

      During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Group did not acquire any assets through
      business combination.

      The analysis of the net book value by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                Note            HK$’000            HK$’000

       Interests in leasehold land held for own use, carried at
         depreciated cost in Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:             (i)
         — 50 years or more                                                                     229,331             231,505

                                                                                                229,331             231,505

       Interests in leasehold land held for own use, carried at
         depreciated cost outside Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:        (i)
         — between 10 and 50 years                                                               96,872             105,245

                                                                                                 96,872             105,245

       Other properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost                          38,570              24,589

                                                                                                 38,570              24,589

       Interests in leasehold investment properties, at fair value in
         Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:
         — 50 years or more                                                                      10,100              10,700

                                                                                                 10,100              10,700

       Interests in leasehold investment properties, at fair value
         outside Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:
         — between 10 and 50 years                                                            5,319,187           5,574,119

                                                                                              5,319,187           5,574,119


(i)   Interests in leasehold land held for own use
      The Group is the registered owner of these property interests. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire
      leasehold land from their previously registered owners, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of the
      land leases, other than payments based on rateable values set by the relevant government authorities.




                                                                                                                                 135
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (c)    Fair value measurement of properties
      (i)    Fair value hierarchy
             The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s properties measured at the end of the reporting period on a
             recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.
             The levels into which a fair value measurement is classified and determined with reference to the observability and
             significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique are as follows:

             •         Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                       for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

             •         Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and
                       not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

             •         Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                                                         Fair value measurements categorised into
                                                                                     Fair value              Level 1        Level 2          Level 3
                                                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000

                 Recurring fair value measurement

                 Investment properties:
                 As at 31 December 2024                                              5,329,287                           –                        –             5,329,287
                 As at 31 December 2023                                              5,584,819                           –                        –             5,584,819


             During the year ended 31 December 2024, there were no transfers into or out of Level 3 (2023: Nil). The Group’s policy
             is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


      (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                                 Relationship of unobservable
                                         Valuation technique   Unobservable input                                     Range      inputs to fair value
                 Investment property     Direct comparison     Premium/(discount) on characteristic             -16% to -2%      The higher the premium,
                   — Hong Kong             approach              of the properties                       (2023: -14% to 1%)        the higher the fair value.
                 Investment properties   Direct comparison     Weighted average price                          RMB5,860 to       The higher the weighted average price per
                   — Mainland China        approach              per square meter                                RMB36,573         square meter, the higher the fair value.
                                                                                                        (2023: RMB4,640 to
                                                                                                                RMB34,000)
                                         Income approach       Discount rate                                     5.3% to 6%      The higher the discount rate,
                                                                                                                  (2023: Nil*)     the lower the fair value.
                                                               Occupancy rate                                 64% to 100%        The higher the occupancy rate,
                                                                                                                  (2023: Nil*)     the higher the fair value.
                                                               Rental growth rate                                1.5% to 4%      The higher the rental growth rate,
                                                                                                                   (2023: 1%)      the higher the fair value.
                                                               Capitalisation rate                               3.5% to 4%      The higher the capitalisation rate,
                                                                                                         (2023: 3.5% to 4%)        the lower the fair value.
                                                               Term and reversion rate                                    Nil*   The higher the term and reversion rate,
                                                                                                      (2023: 4.8% to 5.8%)         the lower the fair value.

             *         Certain investment properties in Mainland China were fully developed at year-end, and the Group has changed its valuation
                       techniques for these investment properties accordingly.




136
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(c)    Fair value measurement of properties (continued)
(ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
       The fair value of investment property in Hong Kong is determined using the direct comparison approach to value the
       property in the existing state, and uses the market basis assuming sale with immediate vacant possession and by making
       reference to comparable sales evidence. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the property which
       included the location, size, shape, view, floor level, year of completion and other factors collectively.

       The fair value of investment properties in Mainland China is determined by multiple approaches including direct
       comparison approach and income approach, and uses the market basis assuming sale with immediate vacant possession
       and by making reference to comparable sales evidence. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the
       properties which included the location, size, floor level, year of completion and other factors collectively. Higher
       premiums for properties with better characteristics will result in a higher fair value measurement.

       The movements during the year in the balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000

        Investment properties
          At 1 January                                                                          5,584,819           4,898,173
          Additions                                                                                13,147                    –
          Disposals                                                                               (55,424)                   –
          Net (loss)/gain on revaluation of investment properties                                 (95,096)            760,263
          Exchange adjustments                                                                   (118,159)             (73,617)

        At 31 December                                                                          5,329,287           5,584,819


       Net (loss)/gain on revaluation of investment properties is recognised as part of the “Income from other sources” (note 4)
       in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                   137
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
           The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of
           the Group.

                                                                                        Particulars of
                                                                                          issued and     Percentage of
                                                Place of                              paid up capital/   equity interest
                                                incorporation/                             registered           held by
             Name of subsidiary                 operation        Class of shares               capital    the Company      Principal activities

             CEL Venture Capital (Shenzhen)     The PRC  #
                                                                 Not applicable     HK$5,170,000,000              100%     Provision of investment
               Limited                                                                                                       advisory services and
                                                                                                                             investment

             CEL Management Services Limited Hong Kong           Ordinary                    2 Shares             100%     Provision of management
                                                                                                HK$2                         services

             China Everbright Assets            Hong Kong        Ordinary            5,000,000 Shares             100% 1 Provision of asset
               Management Limited                                                       HK$5,000,000                       management services

             China Everbright Finance Limited   Hong Kong        Ordinary          100,000,000 Shares             100%     Money lending
                                                                                      HK$100,000,000

             China Everbright Financial         Hong Kong        Ordinary            1,000,000 Shares             100%     Investment
               Investments Limited                                                      HK$1,000,000

             China Everbright Industrial        Cayman Islands   Ordinary               10,000 Shares             100%     Investment
               Investment Holdings Limited                                                 US$10,000

             China Everbright Investment        Hong Kong        Ordinary            5,000,000 Shares             100%     Provision of investment
               Management Limited                                                       HK$5,000,000                         management services

             Fortunecrest Investment Limited    British Virgin   Ordinary                     1 Share             100%     Property investment
                                                  Islands                                       US$1

             Janco Development Limited          Hong Kong        Ordinary                    2 Shares             100%     Property investment
                                                                                                HK$2

             光大匯益偉業投資管理(北京)                     The PRC*         Not applicable      RMB125,300,000               100% 1 Project investment
              有限公司

             光大控股(江蘇)投資有限公司                     The PRC#         Not applicable    RMB4,000,000,000               100%     Investment

             宜興光控投資有限公司                         The PRC*         Not applicable    RMB3,100,000,000               100% 1 Project investment

             Everbright (Qingdao) Investment    The PRC#         Not applicable      US$160,000,000               100%     Investment
               Co., Limited

             成都光控西部創業投資有限公司                     The PRC*         Not applicable      RMB500,000,000               100% 1 Investment




138
                                                                                                        CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024




15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                  Particulars of
                                                                                    issued and      Percentage of
                                         Place of                               paid up capital/   equity interest
                                         incorporation/                              registered           held by
      Name of subsidiary                 operation          Class of shares              capital    the Company          Principal activities

      上海光控嘉鑫股權投資管理有限公司 The PRC*                             Not applicable     RMB100,000,000               100%     1
                                                                                                                         Fund management

      青島光晟投資有限公司                         The PRC#           Not applicable       US$50,000,000              100% 1 Investment

      上海光控股權投資管理有限公司                     The PRC*           Not applicable    RMB1,835,000,000              100% 1 Investment

      CEL Israel Holdings Limited        British Virgin     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                           Islands                                        US$1

      China Everbright Global Investment Hong Kong          Ordinary           5,000,000 Shares             100% 1 Provision of advisory
        Advisors Company Limited                                                  HK$5,000,000                       services

      Everbright Hero GP Limited         Cayman Islands     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Fund management
                                                                                          US$1

      Everbright Hero, L.P.              Cayman Islands     Not applicable        Not applicable          90.16% 1 Investment

      光控投資管理(上海)有限公司                     The PRCΔ           Not applicable     RMB200,000,000               100% 1 Provision of investment
                                                                                                                     management services

      Diamond Wealth Global Limited      British Virgin     Ordinary                100 Shares              100% 1 Investment holding
                                           Islands                                     US$100

      Pioneer Act Investments Limited    British Virgin     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                           Islands                                        US$1

      CEL Global Investment LP Limited   Cayman Islands     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                                                                          US$1

      CEL Elite Limited                  Hong Kong          Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Treasury management
                                                                                          HK$1

      北京光控浦益創業投資有限公司2                    The PRC*           Not applicable     RMB310,000,000               100% 1 Fund management

      China Golden Opportunities Fund III, Cayman Islands   Not applicable        Not applicable          75.09% 1 Investment
        L.P.

      CEL New Economy Fund, L.P.         Cayman Islands     Not applicable        Not applicable          64.84% 1 Investment

      湖南光控星宸股權投資合夥企業                     The PRC◇           Not applicable    RMB5,100,000,000            50.94% 1 Investment
       (有限合夥)




                                                                                                                                                139
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                         Particulars of
                                                                                           issued and       Percentage of
                                                Place of                               paid up capital/     equity interest
                                                incorporation/                              registered             held by
                  Name of subsidiary            operation         Class of shares               capital      the Company          Principal activities

                  江蘇溧陽光控股權投資合夥企業                The PRC ◇         Not applicable     RMB2,000,000,000              49.91%     1
                                                                                                                                  Investment
                   (有限合夥)

                  贛州光控蘇區高質量發展產業                 The PRC◇          Not applicable     RMB2,500,000,000              33.31% 1 Investment
                   投資基金(有限合夥)

                  廣州光控穗港澳青年創業股權                 The PRC◇          Not applicable     RMB1,000,000,000               39.8% 1 Investment
                   投資合夥企業(有限合夥)
            (1)
                      Subsidiaries held indirectly.
            (2)
                      北京光控浦益私募基金管理有限公司 has been renamed as 北京光控浦益創業投資有限公司 with effect from 3 December 2024.
            #
                      Limited liability companies (wholly-foreign-owned enterprise) registered under PRC law.
            ∆
                      Limited liability companies (equity joint venture enterprise) registered under PRC law.
            *         Limited liability companies registered under PRC law.
            ◇
                      Limited partnership enterprises registered under PRC law.


            The list of subsidiaries above included certain consolidated structured entities of which the Group has capital
            commitment of HK$2,029,493,000 (2023: HK$1,829,145,000) to provide capital to support the operating and investing
            activities. The Group has no intention and did not provide any other financial support to these consolidated structured
            entities during the year.

            Acquisition of non-controlling interests
            During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no material acquisition of non-controlling interests.


      16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
      (a)   Investments in associates

                                                                                                                     2024                         2023
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                      HK$’000

                  Carrying value, net (note)                                                                    17,017,451                   17,709,713

                  Market value of shares listed in Mainland China                                               20,221,961                   17,512,550
                  Market value of shares listed in Hong Kong                                                     1,017,470                    1,028,806

            Note:
            As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s net carrying value of its investment in Everbright Jiabao Co., Ltd (“Everbright Jiabao”), an associate
            of the Group, amounted to HK$1,262,039,000 (2023: HK$1,786,636,000).

            The Group has reassessed the recoverable amount of Everbright Jiabao as at 31 December 2024 and concluded that no additional or
            reversal of impairment loss is required for the year.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has engaged an external specialist to estimate the value-in-use of Everbright Jiabao
            using a discounted cash flow model. As at 31 December 2024, the accumulated impairment losses charged to profit or loss in prior years
            related to Everbright Jiabao amounted to HK$1,598,827,000 (2023:HK$1,598,827,000). The pre-tax discount rates applied in the cash flow
            projection of different key business operations of Everbright Jiabao ranged from 12.9% to 13.2% (2023:8.0% to 13.0%) and the perpetual
            growth rate was 1.5%(2023:1.5%).




140
                                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024




16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
(b)   As at 31 December 2024, particulars of the principal investments in associates of the Group are as
      follows:

                                                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                          Place of                                                              equity interest
                                                          incorporation/                                                               held by
           Name of associate                              operation             Principal activities                             the Company

           Everbright Securities Company Limited      #
                                                          The PRC               Securities operations (note 1)                          20.73%
             (“Everbright Securities”)

           China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings          Cayman Islands        Investment holding (note 2)                             38.06%*
             Limited## (“CALC”)

           Everbright Jiabao###                           The PRC               Real estate development/real estate                     29.17%*
                                                                                  asset management (note 3)

           China Everbright Senior Healthcare             Hong Kong             Providing senior health care services                   49.29%*
             Company Limited (“Everbright                                         (note 4)                                              (note 5)
             Senior Healthcare”)

      #
                 Market value of the listed shares in Mainland China as at 31 December 2024 was equivalent to HK$18,696,295,000 (2023:
                 HK$16,267,262,000).
      ##
                 Market value of the listed shares in Hong Kong as at 31 December 2024 was HK$1,017,470,000 (2023: HK$1,028,806,000).
      ###
                 Market value of the listed shares in Mainland China as at 31 December 2024 was equivalent to HK$1,525,666,000 (2023:
                 HK$1,245,288,000).
      *          Held indirectly
      Note 1:    Everbright Securities is the Group’s cornerstone investment, with an investment cost of HK$1,497,149,000 (2023:
                 HK$1,497,149,000).
      Note 2:    CALC is the Group’s key investee engaged in providing full life-cycle aircraft leasing solutions.
      Note 3:    Everbright Jiabao is the Group’s major investee engaged in real estate development and asset management in Mainland China.
      Note 4:    Everbright Senior Healthcare is the Group’s key investee to provide integrated senior health care services including elderly health
                 care, geriatric treatment, rehabilitation and community services in Mainland China.
      Note 5:    As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not control the board of directors of Everbright Senior Healthcare. Upon the completion
                 of the procedures of share subscription by an investor with investment amount of RMB50 million, the Group’s equity interest in
                 Everbright Senior Healthcare stands at 49.29% on a fully diluted basis.


      All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                       141
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
      (c)   Supplementary financial information of the principal associates
            Supplementary financial information in respect of an individually material associate extracted from its financial statements
            is as follows:

                                                                                                        Everbright Securities
                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000

             Gross amounts of the associate
             Current assets                                                                          264,806,471         239,808,808
             Non-current assets                                                                       51,460,515           46,404,632
             Current liabilities                                                                    (208,836,990)       (188,609,201)
             Non-current liabilities                                                                 (32,665,119)         (22,749,573)
             Perpetual subordinated bonds                                                            (10,259,338)         (10,472,585)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                  (899,913)            (889,475)

             Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the associate                              63,605,626          63,492,606

             Operating income                                                                         10,527,358          11,140,032

             Profit from operating activities                                                          3,384,363            4,775,865
             Other comprehensive income                                                                  471,229              195,127
             Total comprehensive income                                                                3,855,592            4,970,992

             Dividend received from the associate                                                        389,484              222,153

             Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate
             Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                                             63,605,626          63,492,606
             Group’s effective interest                                                                  20.73%              20.73%
             Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                             13,188,214          13,159,636

             Carrying amount in the Group’s consolidated financial statements                         13,188,214          13,159,636


            Aggregate information of the associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000

             Aggregate carrying amount of associates that are not individually material
               in the consolidated statement of financial position                                     3,829,237            4,550,077

             Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates:
               Loss for the year                                                                        (604,125)            (650,049)
               Other comprehensive income                                                                (16,208)               3,286

               Total comprehensive income                                                               (620,333)            (646,763)




142
                                                                                                            CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024




17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
(a)   Investments in joint ventures

                                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

      Carrying value, net                                                                                     729,803                932,964


(b)   As at 31 December 2024, details of the Group’s principal investments in joint ventures are as
      follows:

                                                                                                                               Percentage of
                                                     Place of                                                                 equity interest
                                                     incorporation/                                                              held by the
       Name of joint venture                         operation             Principal activities                                    Company

       Wuxi Ronghong Guolian Capital Co., Ltd.       The PRC               Venture capital and investment advisory                     50.0%*
                                                                             services (note 1)

       山東高速光控產業投資基金管理有限公司                            The PRC               Fund management services (note 2)                           48.0%*

       CEL Capital Prestige Asset Management         The PRC               Assets management services (note 3)                         49.0%*
         Co., Ltd.

      *       Held indirectly
      Note 1: Wuxi Ronghong Guolian Capital Co., Ltd. is a joint venture of the Group to provide investment advisory services to a joint venture
              fund in Mainland China.
      Note 2: 山東高速光控產業投資基金管理有限公司 is a joint venture of the Group to provide fund management services to an industrial
              sector investment fund in Mainland China.
      Note 3: CEL Capital Prestige Asset Management Co., Ltd. is a joint venture of the Group and an asset management institution established
              under approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission.


      All of the above joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.


18. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

       At fair value:
       Listed equity securities
         — outside Hong Kong                                                                                6,572,616             5,032,899


      The Group designated the investment in China Everbright Bank Company Limited (“China Everbright Bank”) as financial
      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income because the Group intends to hold for the long-term strategic
      purposes. The investment cost of the Group’s investment in China Everbright Bank is HK$1,407,189,000 (2023:
      HK$1,407,189,000).

      No disposal was made during the year ended 31 December 2024, and there were no transfers of any cumulative gain or
      loss within equity relating to this investment (2023: Nil).




                                                                                                                                                   143
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000

               Non-current assets
               At fair value:
                 Unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes*
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                        15,851,841            20,789,666
                 Unlisted preference shares
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                          5,844,212             5,361,456
                 Unlisted debt securities
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                            336,436               345,457

                                                                                                             22,032,489            26,496,579

               Current assets
               At fair value:
                 Listed equity securities
                  — in Hong Kong                                                                                 756,031             1,106,006
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                            785,926               885,741
                 Unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes*
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                          3,558,998             2,212,737
                 Unlisted debt securities
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                            117,439               110,978

                                                                                                               5,218,394             4,315,462

           *       Included in the balance of unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes are the Group’s interests in unconsolidated
                   structured entities amounting to HK$15,542,694,000 (2023: HK$18,742,839,000).


           As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s listed and unlisted equity securities amounting to a fair value of HK$16,868,249,000
           (2023: HK$19,346,709,000) were investments in associates and joint ventures. The Group was exempted from applying
           the equity method to these investments and they were measured as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

           As at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Group had certain unlisted financial assets at fair value through
           profit or loss recorded at a purchase price which was below the fair value at inception that would be determined at that
           date using a valuation technique. According to the Group’s accounting policy, the difference yet to be recognised in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss at the beginning and the end of the year is as follows:

                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000

               As at 1 January                                                                                      7,129              227,136
               Released during the year                                                                                 –             (216,855)
               Exchange adjustment                                                                                    (19)               (3,152)

               As at 31 December                                                                                    7,110                 7,129




144
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024




20. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS
                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

    Current assets
    Term loans to customers
      — secured                                                                               1,178,525            1,205,585
      — unsecured                                                                             2,983,517            2,831,273

    Total term loans to customers                                                             4,162,042            4,036,858

    Less: Impairment allowance                                                                (1,102,700)           (966,285)

    Net carrying value                                                                        3,059,342            3,070,573


   Certain term loans to customers are secured by unlisted securities or leasehold land and properties in Hong Kong and
   Mainland China with third parties guarantees.

   Certain advances to customers are provided to related parties. Details are stated in note 36(b).

   Term loans to customers are categorised into the following internal credit risk grades:

   The Group classifies the credit risk levels of term loans to customers into “Low” (credit risk in excellent condition),
   “Medium” (credit risk in normal condition), and “High” (credit risk in severe condition), based on the quality of loans. The
   credit risk level is used for the purpose of the Group’s internal credit risk management.

   “Low” refers to borrowers with excellent credit quality, or bridge loans with tenor less than 6 months. There is no
   sufficient reason to doubt the obligations to repay or there are no other behaviours breaching the debt contracts that
   would significantly impact on the repayment. “Medium” refers to borrowers who are currently meeting their repayment
   obligations and full repayment of interest and principal is not in doubt. “High” refers to borrowers who are vulnerable to
   non-payment according to the debt contract terms, or having significant impact on the repayment of debt according to
   contract terms. “Default” is triggered when a repayment obligation is in default; or borrowers are in the stage of filing of
   a bankruptcy petition or taking of similar action.

   Analysis of the gross carrying amounts of term loans by the Group’s internal credit rating and year end classification are
   as follows:


   As at 31 December 2024

                                                            Stage 1           Stage 2            Stage 3              Total
    Internal rating grade                                   HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

    Medium                                                          –                –                  –                  –
    High                                                            –        1,266,270                  –          1,266,270
    Default                                                         –                –          2,895,772          2,895,772

                                                                    –        1,266,270          2,895,772          4,162,042




                                                                                                                                  145
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      20. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (continued)
           As at 31 December 2023

                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3            Total
             Internal rating grade                               HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000

             Medium                                                 5,854                 –                 –           5,854
             High                                                       –         1,697,398                 –       1,697,398
             Default                                                    –                 –         2,333,606       2,333,606

                                                                    5,854         1,697,398         2,333,606       4,036,858


           Analysis of the gross carrying amount and the corresponding impairment allowance are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3            Total
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000

             As at 1 January 2023                               1,924,142            21,484         1,919,923       3,865,549
             New assets originated or purchased                 1,178,812                 –                 –       1,178,812
             Assets derecognised or repaid                       (972,106)                –                 –        (972,106)
             Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2 and
               stage 3                                         (2,112,156)        1,675,938          436,218                 –
             Exchange difference                                   (12,838)              (24)        (22,535)          (35,397)

             As at 31 December 2023 and
               1 January 2024                                       5,854         1,697,398         2,333,606       4,036,858
             New assets originated or purchased                         –           450,126                 –         450,126
             Assets derecognised or repaid                         (5,854)         (242,667)             (210)       (248,731)
             Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3                           –          (605,001)          605,001               –
             Exchange difference                                        –           (33,586)          (42,625)        (76,211)

             As at 31 December 2024                                      –        1,266,270         2,895,772       4,162,042


           The movements in the impairment allowance on term loans to customers are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3            Total
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000

             As at 1 January 2023                                  11,220             6,710          584,186          602,116
             Other changes (including new assets
               and derecognised assets)                           (11,207)         328,253             50,713         367,759
             Exchange difference                                        (8)             (40)           (3,542)          (3,590)

             As at 31 December 2023 and
               1 January 2024                                            5         334,923           631,357          966,285
             Other changes (including new assets
               and derecognised assets)                                 (5)        (243,479)         391,484          148,000
             Exchange difference                                         –           (4,514)          (7,071)         (11,585)

             As at 31 December 2024                                      –           86,930         1,015,770       1,102,700


           Except for the above impairment allowance of HK$1,102,700,000 (2023: HK$966,285,000), there were no other
           significant loans to customers, that were aged, requiring significant impairment provision as at 31 December 2024 and
           2023.




146
                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024




21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000

     Properties under development                                                              132,189         135,079
     Completed properties                                                                    1,340,618       1,394,260

                                                                                             1,472,807       1,529,339


22. DEBTORS, DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHERS
                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000

     Accounts receivable                                                                       492,122         832,251
     Deposits, prepayments, interest and other receivables and others                        1,731,198       1,614,138

                                                                                             2,223,320       2,446,389
     Less: Impairment allowance                                                               (677,724)       (517,284)

                                                                                             1,545,596       1,929,105


    Accounts receivable are mainly amounts due from brokers, collectable in cash within one year and divestment proceeds
    receivable.

    The carrying amount of debtors, deposits, prepayments and others approximated to their fair value as at 31 December
    2024 and 2023.

    Their impairment allowance was assessed with reference to the credit status of the debtors, and impairment allowance
    of HK$677,724,000 was recognised as at 31 December 2024 (2023: HK$517,284,000).

    Interest receivable from advances to customers of HK$837,959,000 (2023: HK$608,593,000) is included within “Debtors,
    deposits, prepayments and others”. Impairment allowance on interest receivable from advances to customers as at 31
    December 2024 was HK$267,911,000 (2023: HK$122,348,000). The Group applies a three-stage approach to measure
    the expected credit loss allowance for interest receivable in accordance with HKFRS 9.

    The movements in the impairment allowance for debtors, deposits, and others are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1        Stage 2           Stage 3       Total
                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000

     As at 1 January 2023                                           1,790          1,634          154,170     157,594
     Other changes (including new assets and derecognised
       assets)                                                     (1,790)        28,724          333,311     360,245
     Exchange difference                                                –              (5)           (550)       (555)

     As at 31 December 2023
       and 1 January 2024                                               –         30,353          486,931     517,284
     Other changes (including new assets and
       derecognised assets)                                             –          1,278          159,162     160,440

     As at 31 December 2024                                             –         31,631          646,093     677,724




                                                                                                                           147
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      23. TRADING SECURITIES
                                                         2024         2023
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000

           Current assets
           At fair value:
             Listed equity securities
                — in Hong Kong                          55,178        84,316
                — outside Hong Kong                      2,973         2,970

             Listed debt securities
               — in Hong Kong                           922,064    1,029,391
               — outside Hong Kong                    1,774,621    1,688,699

             Unlisted debt securities                   60,594        89,910
             Listed funds                                1,320             –

             Derivatives
               — listed                                      5             –
               — unlisted                               13,351        21,162

                                                      2,830,106    2,916,448

           Current liabilities
           At fair value:
             Listed equity securities
                — in Hong Kong                         (168,002)      (87,561)
                — outside Hong Kong                    (172,486)    (117,580)

             Listed debt securities
               — outside Hong Kong                       (6,151)            –

             Listed funds                                     –       (4,421)

             Derivatives
               — listed                                     (63)          (22)
               — unlisted                               (31,666)     (27,916)

                                                       (378,368)    (237,500)




148
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024




24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Cash on hand, savings and current accounts                                           7,810,666           8,354,387
      Fixed deposits with banks                                                              611,459           1,233,691

      Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of
        financial position                                                                 8,422,125           9,588,078
      Less: Restricted cash                                                                  (32,107)             (56,961)

      Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows                8,390,018           9,531,117


    Restricted bank balances of HK$32,107,000 (31 December 2023: HK$56,961,000) were pledged to banks for sales of
    mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on borrowings.


25. CREDITORS, DEPOSITS RECEIVED AND ACCRUED CHARGES
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges                                     2,574,238           2,962,495


26. BANK LOANS
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Maturity details are as follows:
       Within 1 year                                                                       9,300,158          10,995,928
       1 to 2 years                                                                          120,290           5,701,040
       2 to 5 years                                                                        3,604,161           1,480,539
       Over 5 years                                                                          359,944             426,101

                                                                                          13,384,553          18,603,608


    As at 31 December 2024, the bank loans were secured as follows:

                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Bank loans:
        — secured                                                                            891,969           2,161,399
        — unsecured                                                                       12,492,584          16,442,209

                                                                                          13,384,553          18,603,608


    As at 31 December 2024, the bank loans were secured by:

    (a)   Mortgage over certain investment properties with carrying value of approximately HK$2,289 million (31 December
          2023: approximately HK$4,542 million);

    (b)   There were no mortgage over certain inventories (31 December 2023: approximately HK$230 million); and

    (c)   There were no pledge of equity interests in subsidiaries (31 December 2023: approximately HK$1,475 million).



                                                                                                                             149
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      27. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                      2024                   2023
                                                                                              Note                  HK$’000                HK$’000

             Current:
             Financial liabilities to third party investors                                     (a)                 437,378                472,414

             Non-current:
             Financial liabilities to third party investors                                     (a)               6,441,964              6,768,868

           (a)    Financial liabilities to third party investors were incurred by the Group’s fund management business. The Group issues fund
                  units to third party investors to raise funds through the establishment of investment funds. After the end of the exit period of
                  the investment funds (or the period extended pursuant to the fund agreements and approved by the investors), the Group shall
                  distribute the principal of the fund units and the return thereof to the investors pursuant to the fund agreements, provided that the
                  distribution amount shall be determined in accordance with the fund’s performance. The Group does not guarantee the principal
                  and return of third party investors’ interests in the investment funds.



      28. BONDS PAYABLE
                                                                                                                      2024                   2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000

             As at 1 January                                                                                     13,793,500             11,996,728
             New issuance during the year                                                                         9,363,230               4,374,600
             Repayments during the year                                                                          (6,042,625)             (2,422,404)
             Exchange adjustment                                                                                   (376,120)               (155,424)

             As at 31 December                                                                                   16,737,985             13,793,500


                                                                                                                      2024                   2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000

           Maturity details are as follows:
            Within 1 year                                                                                         3,239,610              6,069,140
            1 to 2 years                                                                                          4,319,480              3,310,440
            2 to 5 years                                                                                          9,178,895              4,413,920

                                                                                                                 16,737,985             13,793,500


           All the bonds payable of HK$16,737,985,000 were unsecured as at 31 December 2024 (2023: 13,793,500,000).




150
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




29. DEFERRED TAXATION
    The movements in the deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:

                                           Fair value adjustment
                                             for financial assets
                                            at fair value through         Withholding tax on
                                              profit or loss and           subsidiaries’ and
                                           investment properties           associates’ profit                   Total
                                              2024           2023           2024           2023            2024           2023
                                            HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

     At 1 January                         (1,562,602)    (1,709,621)      (474,691)      (422,265)     (2,037,293)   (2,131,886)
     Credited/(charged) to profit or
       loss                                  642,407        141,844               3       (52,426)       642,410         89,418
     Exchange adjustments                     24,732          5,175               –             –         24,732          5,175

     At 31 December                         (895,463)    (1,562,602)      (474,688)      (474,691)     (1,370,151)   (2,037,293)


    In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(s), the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets, in
    respect of tax losses of approximately HK$3,362 million (2023: approximately HK$3,387 million), as it is not probable that
    future taxable profits against which the tax losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant entities. The tax losses
    do not expire under current tax legislation except for those incurred by entities registered in the PRC where tax losses
    can be carried forward for 5 years from the year in which such losses are incurred.


30. LEASE LIABILITIES
    The Group as a lessee
    The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000

     As at 1 January                                                                                  23,866             64,967
     Additions                                                                                        45,412             15,156
     Disposal                                                                                           (775)           (18,254)
     Interest expense                                                                                  1,251               3,284
     Payments                                                                                        (31,859)           (38,562)
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                627              (2,725)

     As at 31 December                                                                               38,522              23,866

     Analysed into:
       Current portion                                                                               20,473              13,273
       Non-current portion                                                                           18,049              10,593




                                                                                                                                     151
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      31. SHARE CAPITAL
      (a)   Share capital
                                                                            2024                                 2023
                                                               No. of shares                        No. of shares
                                                                       (’000)          HK$’000              (’000)          HK$’000

             Ordinary shares issued and fully paid:
             At 1 January and at 31 December                       1,685,254          9,618,097         1,685,254          9,618,097


            The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
            per share at general meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual
            assets.

      (b)   Capital management
            The Group’s primary objectives in capital management are maximising shareholders’ return, matching of business
            funding needs and maintaining the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management regularly, or as changes
            in circumstances warrant, reviews and manages the Group’s capital structure so as to maintain a proper balance amongst
            shareholders’ returns, leveraging and funding requirement.

            Adjusted net debt is defined as total debt, which includes interest-bearing loans and borrowings, notes payable and
            bonds payable, plus unaccrued proposed dividends less cash and cash equivalents.

            Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity, less unaccrued proposed dividends. In order to maintain or adjust
            the ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, raise new debt financing
            or sell assets to reduce debt.

            The adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was as follows:

                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

             Current liabilities
               Bank loans                                                                              9,300,158          10,995,928
               Bonds payable                                                                           3,239,610           6,069,140

                                                                                                     12,539,768           17,065,068
             Non-current liabilities
              Bank loans                                                                              4,084,395            7,607,680
              Bonds payable                                                                          13,498,375            7,724,360

             Total debt                                                                              30,122,538           32,397,108
             Add: Proposed dividend                                                                      84,262               168,525
             Less: Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows             (8,390,018)           (9,531,117)

             Adjusted net debt                                                                       21,816,782           23,034,516

             Total equity                                                                            32,650,071           34,105,786
             Less: Proposed dividend                                                                    (84,262)            (168,525)

             Adjusted capital                                                                        32,565,809           33,937,261

             Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                                             67%                 68%




152
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




31. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)
(b)   Capital management (continued)
      As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s liquidity remained healthy. The addition of financial resources is mainly attributable
      to returns, through divestments and dividends, from investments. During the year, the Group has also made ongoing
      investments over advances to customers, trading securities and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. To
      enhance shareholders’ returns, the Group continues to seek new investment opportunities while maintaining a healthy
      capital structure.

      The Company is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject
      to regulatory imposed capital and liquid capital requirements (see also note 39(b)). These subsidiaries have complied with
      those requirements at all time during both the current and prior financial years.


32. PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES
                                                                              Principal        Distribution              Total
                                                                              HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000

       As at 1 January 2023                                                  2,325,540               15,543           2,341,083
       Issuance of perpetual medium term notes                               2,184,880                    –           2,184,880
       Redemption of senior perpetual capital securities                    (2,325,540)                   –          (2,325,540)
       Profit attributable to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                                                           –              98,066              98,066
       Distribution to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                                                           –             (88,923)            (88,923)

       As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                             2,184,880               24,686           2,209,566
       Profit attributable to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                                                           –              78,993              78,993
       Distribution to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                                                           –             (78,929)            (78,929)

       As at 31 December 2024                                                2,184,880               24,750           2,209,630


      In 2020, the Company issued senior perpetual capital securities with the principal amount of US$300,000,000 (equivalent
      to approximately HK$2,325,540,000). The distribution rate for the senior perpetual capital securities is 3.80% per annum
      3 years from the date of issuance (i.e., 27 October 2023), and subsequently the distribution rate will be reset in every 3
      calendar years. On 27 October 2023, the Company redeemed all of the outstanding senior perpetual capital securities of
      the principal amount of US$300,000,000. The distribution of senior perpetual capital securities is accrued in accordance
      with the distribution rate as set out in the subscription agreement, and such distribution shall be payable semi-annually in
      arrears on 27 April and 27 October of each year.

      In 2023, the Company issued perpetual medium term notes with the principal amount of RMB 2,000,000,000 (equivalent
      to approximately HK$2,184,880,000). The distribution rate for the perpetual medium term notes is 3.60% per annum 3
      years from the date of issuance (i.e., 8 September 2026), and subsequently the distribution rate will be reset in every 3
      calendar years. The distribution of perpetual medium term notes is accrued in accordance with the distribution rate as
      set out in the subscription agreement, and such distribution shall be payable annually in arrears on 11 September of each
      year.

      The senior perpetual capital securities and perpetual medium term notes have no maturity and the payments of
      distribution can be deferred into perpetuity at the discretion of the Company. The instruments could only be redeemed at
      the option of the Company. In substance, the senior perpetual capital securities and perpetual medium term notes were
      considered as perpetual capital securities.




                                                                                                                                     153
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      33. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                              31 December         31 December
                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                  Notes           HK$’000             HK$’000

             Non-current assets
               Investments in subsidiaries                                         15             9,164,164          8,540,862
               Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                     16,471,215         13,844,180
               Investment in an associate                                                         1,497,149          1,497,149
               Investment in a joint venture                                                          1,143              1,143
               Equity investments designated at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                                                        6,572,616          5,032,899

                                                                                                 33,706,287         28,916,233

             Current assets
               Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                     17,969,092         20,303,466
               Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                                            316,448            336,871
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                            447,971            729,323

                                                                                                 18,733,511         21,369,660

             Current liabilities
               Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                       (6,020,326)         (6,957,286)
               Bank loans                                                                        (8,400,000)         (6,020,000)
               Bonds payable                                                                     (3,239,610)         (6,069,140)
               Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges                                    (332,307)           (236,706)

                                                                                                (17,992,243)        (19,283,132)

             Net current assets                                                                     741,268          2,086,528

             Total assets less current liabilities                                               34,447,555         31,002,761

             Non-current liabilities
              Bank loans                                                                         (1,500,000)         (5,292,209)
              Bonds payable                                                                     (13,498,375)         (7,724,360)
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                             (333,963)           (333,963)

                                                                                                (15,332,338)        (13,350,532)

             NET ASSETS                                                                          19,115,217         17,652,229

             CAPITAL AND RESERVES
              Share capital                                                        31             9,618,097          9,618,097
              Reserves                                                             34             7,287,490          5,824,566
              Perpetual capital securities                                         32             2,209,630          2,209,566

             TOTAL EQUITY                                                                        19,115,217         17,652,229


           Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2025 and signed on behalf of the Board by:




           Lin Chun                                                  An Xuesong
           Director                                                  Director



154
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024




34. RESERVES
(a)     The movements in the Company’s reserves during the year are as follows:

                                                                                   Investment
                                                                        Share      revaluation        Retained
                                                                       capital         reserve        earnings          Total
                                                        Note          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

         As at 1 January 2023                                        9,618,097       3,997,995       1,373,693      14,989,785

         Dividends paid                                   11                  –               –       (505,576)       (505,576)
         Profit for the year                                                  –               –      1,352,296       1,352,296
         Redemption of Senior perpetual
           capital securities                                                 –              –         (21,557)         (21,557)
         Other comprehensive loss for the year                                –       (372,285)              –        (372,285)

         As at 31 December 2023 and
           1 January 2024                                            9,618,097       3,625,710       2,198,856      15,442,663
         Dividends paid                                   11                 –               –        (252,788)       (252,788)
         Profit for the year                                                 –               –         175,995         175,995
         Other comprehensive income for the year                             –       1,539,717               –       1,539,717

         As at 31 December 2024                                      9,618,097       5,165,427       2,122,063      16,905,587


(b)     Nature and purpose of reserves
(i)     Investment revaluation reserve
        The investment revaluation reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
        designated at fair value through other comprehensive income held at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in
        accordance with the accounting policies in note 2(f).


(ii)    Exchange reserve
        The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
        of foreign operations as well as the effective portion of any foreign exchange differences arising from hedges of the net
        investments in these foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in
        note 2(y).


(iii)   Goodwill reserve
        The goodwill reserve comprises goodwill on acquisitions that occurred prior to 1 January 2001. The reserve is dealt with
        in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 2(e).


(iv)    Capital reserve
        The capital reserve comprises specific allocation of amounts transferred from retained earnings due to regulatory
        requirements. It also includes the share of statutory reserves of associates.


(v)     Distributability of reserves
        As at 31 December 2024, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders of the
        Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), was
        HK$2,122,063,000 (2023: HK$2,198,856,000). After the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final
        dividend of HK$0.05 per share (2023: HK$0.10 per share), amounting to HK$84,262,000 (2023: HK$168,525,000) (note
        11). This dividend has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                    155
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      35. MATURITY PROFILE
           The maturity profile of the Group’s certain financial instruments as at the end of the financial year, based on the
           contractual discounted payments, is as follows:

           As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                 3 to
                                                                          Less than        less than                           Over
                                               Indefinite   On demand     3 months        12 months       1 to 5 years      5 years          Total
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000

             Liabilities
               — Bank loans                            –             –             –       (9,300,158)     (3,724,451)      (359,944)   (13,384,553)
               — Other financial liabilities           –      (437,378)            –                –      (2,394,774)    (4,047,190)    (6,879,342)
               — Trading securities             (378,368)            –             –                –               –              –       (378,368)
               — Bonds payable                         –             –             –       (3,239,610)    (13,498,375)             –    (16,737,985)
               — Lease liabilities                     –             –        (7,439)         (13,034)        (18,049)             –        (38,522)

                                                (378,368)     (437,378)       (7,439)     (12,552,802)    (19,635,649)    (4,407,134)   (37,418,770)


           As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                                 3 to
                                                                          Less than        less than                           Over
                                               Indefinite   On demand     3 months        12 months       1 to 5 years      5 years          Total
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000

             Liabilities
               — Bank loans                            –             –    (1,139,468)      (9,856,460)     (7,181,579)      (426,101)   (18,603,608)
               — Other financial liabilities           –      (436,688)       (35,726)               –     (2,766,029)    (4,002,839)     (7,241,282)
               — Trading securities             (237,500)            –               –               –               –             –        (237,500)
               — Bonds payable                         –             –               –     (6,069,140)     (7,724,360)             –    (13,793,500)
               — Lease liabilities                     –             –          (3,312)         (9,961)        (10,593)            –          (23,866)

                                                (237,500)     (436,688)   (1,178,506)     (15,935,561)    (17,682,561)    (4,428,940)   (39,899,756)




156
                                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024




36. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(a)   Except as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following transactions were
      entered with related parties during the year:

                                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

      Management fee income from:
        — a joint venture                                                                                          679                    678
        — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
          recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                  77,805                 80,353
      Consultancy and other service income from an associate*                                                       –                    428
      Bank interest income from a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                       16,822                 33,434
      Dividend income from:
        — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
          recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                 836,906                280,847
        — a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                                            299,232                330,656
      Bank loans interest expense to a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                 128,101                196,899
      Consultancy fee to an associate and a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                             10,375                 11,377
      Custodian services fee to a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank*                                         108                    221
      Remuneration of key management personnel
        (including the Company’s directors):
        — short-term employee benefits                                                                           7,648                  7,996
        — retirement scheme contributions                                                                          287                    274

      *     These related party transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Rules 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                                157
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      36. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (b)   Except as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, included in the consolidated statement
            of financial position are the following balances with related parties:

                                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000

             Amounts due from associates and a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank
               (included in debtors, deposits, prepayments and others)                                    55,884             152,881
             Bank deposits with a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank
               (including bank deposit in trust accounts)                                               2,418,593          2,449,018
             Advances to:
               — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
                 recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    2,182,717          2,246,484
               — an associate                                                                             971,883          1,048,306
             Bank loans from a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                   2,000,000         (3,490,000)
             Interests in collective investment schemes issued by a joint venture
               (included in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss)                       977,725           1,468,987


            Amounts due from associates arising in the ordinary course of the securities trading business are unsecured, interest-
            bearing and repayable on demand.

            Bank deposits and loans with a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank arising from the ordinary course of business for
            corporate financing. The bank deposits earn interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The loans are
            unsecured, interest-bearing, and have a maturity within 1 year.

            All advances to associates arising in the ordinary course of the money lending business are interest-bearing and certain of
            them are secured and unsecured respectively.

            Interests in collective investment schemes are issued on market terms by a joint venture.


      (c)   Transactions with other PRC state-owned entities
            The Group operates in an economic regime currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned by the PRC
            government through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (“State-owned Entities”).
            Transactions with other State-owned Entities include, but are not limited to: lending and deposit taking; insurance and
            redemption of bonds issued by other State-owned Entities; purchase, sale and leases of properties and other assets;
            and rendering and receiving of utilities and other services. Among the above, transactions on lending and deposit taking,
            leases of properties and receiving utilities are continuous throughout the year and were conducted in the ordinary course
            of business, while the remaining types of transactions happened occasionally.

            The Group is of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions that require separate
            disclosures.


      (d)   Certain related party transactions above constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
            defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in
            the Directors’ Report.




158
                                                                                            CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024




37. COMMITMENTS
(a)   Capital commitments
      As at 31 December 2024, the Group had capital commitments as follows:

                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000

       Contracted but not provided for:
         — consolidated structured entities                                                 2,029,493          1,829,145
         — unconsolidated structured entities                                                 975,203          1,015,396

                                                                                            3,004,696          2,844,541


      The above amounts included capital commitments to consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities as disclosed in
      note 15 and note 38 to the financial statements respectively.


(b)   As at 31 December 2024, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in the future periods under non-
      cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000

       Within 1 year                                                                          206,409            183,231
       After 1 year but within 2 years                                                        163,598            163,696
       After 2 years but within 3 years                                                        89,431            150,809
       After 3 years but within 4 years                                                        68,416            105,060
       After 4 years but within 5 years                                                        54,812             77,183
       After 5 years                                                                          155,766            257,732

                                                                                              738,432            937,711




                                                                                                                              159
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      38. INVOLVEMENT WITH UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES
           The table below describes the types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but in which it holds an
           interest.

             Type of structured entity           Nature and purpose                             Interest held by the Group

             Investment funds                    To generate fees from managing assets          •    Management fees
                                                   on behalf of third party investors and       •    Investments held in the form
                                                   to make investment returns from                     of limited partnership
                                                   co-investing in the funds                           interest of the funds

             Collective investment schemes       These vehicles are financed through the        •    Investments in units issued
                                                   issue of units to investors                         by the structured entity

           As at 31 December 2024, the carrying value of interests held by the Group in unconsolidated structured entities
           amounted to HK$15,542,694,000 (2023: HK$18,742,839,000), which were recognised in financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss in the consolidated statement of financial position.

           As at 31 December 2024, the carrying values of interests held by the Group in unconsolidated structured entities
           managed by the Group and not managed by the Group were HK$4,620,792,000 (2023: HK$5,187,996,000) and
           HK$10,921,902,000 (2023: HK$13,554,843,000) respectively.

           The maximum exposure to loss is the carrying value of the assets held.

           Other than the invested and committed capital, the Group has no intention to provide financial or other support to the
           structured entities.


      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Risk management is of fundamental importance to the business operation of the Group. The major types of risk inherent
           in the Group’s business are credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, currency risk and equity price risk. The Group’s risk
           management objectives are to maximise shareholders’ value and to reduce volatility in earnings while maintaining risk
           exposures within acceptable limits.

           The Group’s work in the area of risk management is executed by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
           Department and is led by the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
           Department. This functional structure can assess, identify and document the Group’s risk profile to ensure that the
           business units focus, control and systematically avoid potential risks in various business areas. The following is a brief
           description of the Group’s approach in managing these risks.




160
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(a)   Credit risk
      The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to advances to customers, accounts receivable, debt investments and
      unlisted derivative financial instruments.


      Credit risk management framework
      The Group has formulated a comprehensive set of credit risk management policies and procedures, and appropriate
      credit risk limits to manage and control credit risk that may arise. These policies, procedures and credit risk limits are
      regularly reviewed and updated to cope with the changes in market conditions and business strategies.

      The Group’s organisational structure establishes a clear set of authority and responsibility for monitoring compliance with
      policies, procedures and limits.

      The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance who reports directly to the Audit
      and Risk Management Committee, takes charge of credit risk management and is also responsible for the control of
      credit risk exposures of the Group in line with the credit risk management principles and requirements set by the Group.

      Credit risk management is embedded within all business units of the Group. The first line of defense against undesirable
      outcomes is the business function and the respective line managers. Department heads of their own business areas
      take the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate credit risk controls. Risk Management, Legal
      and Compliance Department, which is independent from the business units, is responsible for the management of credit
      risks and it is an ongoing process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling credit risk to ensure effective
      checks and balances, as well as drafting, reviewing and updating credit risk management policies and procedures. It
      is also responsible for the design, development and maintenance of the Group’s internal rating system and it ensures
      that the system complies with the relevant regulatory requirements. Credit risk is approved by the Vice President of the
      Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and reported to Audit and Risk Management
      Committee quarterly.

      For advances to customers, generally collaterals would be advised to be pledged before advances are granted. The
      amount of advances permitted depends on the quality and value of collateral provided by the customer. Any subsequent
      change in value as well as quality of collateral is closely monitored in order to determine whether any corrective action is
      required.

      Accounts receivable mainly arise from the Group’s investment activities. Receivables from brokers and counterparties
      are normally repayable on demand. The Group has established procedures in the selection of brokers/counterparties with
      sound credit ratings and/or reputation.

      Investments in debt instruments and unlisted derivative financial instruments are also governed by whether the issuers
      and the trade counterparties respectively have sound credit ratings.

      The Group has well-defined policies in place on the setting and approval of trading, credit and investment position limits
      in order to manage its credit risk exposure and concentration. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not
      have a significant concentration of credit risk.




                                                                                                                                     161
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (continued)
            Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) Methodology
            The Group’s policy requires the review of individual outstanding amounts at least quarterly or more regularly depending
            on individual circumstances or market conditions.

            The Group has adopted HKFRS 9, where the impairment requirements under HKFRS 9 are based on an ECL model.
            The Group applies the general approach for impairment of financial assets. Under the general approach, financial assets
            migrate through the following three stages based on the change in credit risk since initial recognition: Stage 1: 12-month
            ECL, Stage 2: Lifetime ECL — not credit-impaired and Stage 3: Lifetime ECL — credit-impaired.

            When determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group incorporates
            both quantitative and qualitative assessment such as number of days past due, the Group’s historical experience, and
            market benchmark. When estimating the ECL on term loans to customers, the Group has incorporated forward-looking
            economic information through the use of industry trend and experienced credit judgement to reflect the qualitative
            factors, and through the use of probability-weighted scenarios. The measurement of ECL is the product of the financial
            instrument’s probability of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure at default (“EAD”) discounted at the
            effective interest rate to the reporting date. As at 31 December 2024, ECL of unsecured financial assets is measured
            based on PD at a range of 25.98% to 100% (31 December 2023: 31.55% to 100%) and LGD at a range of 5% to 76% (31
            December 2023: 10% to 88%).

            ECL is measured at an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
            outcomes, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information about past events, current conditions
            and forecasts of future economic conditions. The Group adopts three economic scenarios in the ECL measurement to
            meet the requirements of HKFRS 9. The “Base” scenario represents a most likely outcome and the other two scenarios,
            referred to as the “Best” scenario and “Worse” scenario, represent less likely outcomes which are more optimistic or
            more pessimistic compared to the “Base” scenario.

            The probability assigned for each scenario reflects the Group’s view for the economic environment, which implements
            the Group’s prudent and consistent credit strategy of ensuring the adequacy of impairment allowance. A higher
            probability is assigned to the “Base” scenario to reflect the most likely outcome and a lower probability is assigned to
            the “Best” and “Worse” scenarios to reflect the less likely outcomes. The probabilities assigned are updated in each
            quarter.

            Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for approving ECL methodology. Risk Management, Legal and
            Compliance Department is responsible for the implementation and maintenance of ECL methodology including models
            review and parameters update on a regular basis. If there is any change in ECL methodology, the Group will go through a
            proper approval process.

            The maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held is represented by the carrying
            amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, at the end of the reporting period, deducting
            any impairment allowance.




162
                                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(a)   Credit risk (continued)
      Maximum exposure and year-end staging
      The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy,
      which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and
      year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2024. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial
      assets.

      As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                     12-month
                                                                                       ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                       Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3
                                                                        Note           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

          Advances to customers                                          20                     –     1,266,270         2,895,772        4,162,042
          Debtors and deposits
            — Normal*                                                                   850,749                –                –          850,749
            — Doubtful*                                                                       –           20,685        1,321,797        1,342,482
          Cash and cash equivalents
            — Not yet past due                                           24          8,422,125                   –              –        8,422,125
          Finance lease receivables                                                          –                   –         63,917           63,917

                                                                                     9,272,874        1,286,955         4,281,486      14,841,315


      As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                    12-month
                                                                                      ECLs                  Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                       Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3
                                                                        Note           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

          Advances to customers                                          20               5,854       1,697,398         2,333,606        4,036,858
          Debtors and deposits
            — Normal*                                                                1,398,278                 –                –        1,398,278
            — Doubtful*                                                                      –           151,215          852,291        1,003,506
          Cash and cash equivalents
            — Not yet past due                                           24          9,588,078                   –              –        9,588,078
          Finance lease receivables                                                          –                   –         62,317           62,317

                                                                                    10,992,210        1,848,613         3,248,214      16,089,037

      *       The credit quality of the financial assets included in debtors and deposits is considered to be “normal” when they are not past
              due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
              Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




                                                                                                                                                          163
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (b)   Liquidity risk
            The Group’s policy is to regularly assess current and expected liquidity requirements and to ensure that it maintains
            reserves of cash, readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
            institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

            For subsidiaries with statutory liquidity requirements, the Group closely monitors their liquidity positions. To ensure strict
            compliance, the Group maintains adequate cash reserves to prepare for immediate fund injection if required. If there is a
            medium to long-term operational need, management would also consider adjusting those subsidiaries’ capital structure.
            Subsidiaries with external equity stakeholders are generally responsible for their own liquidity management.

            The following table details the remaining contractual maturities on the reporting date of the Group’s financial liabilities
            which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates
            or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to
            pay:

                                                                        2024                                                   2023
                                                                     Total                                                 Total
                                                               contractual     Within                                contractual      Within
                                                 Carrying    undiscounted    1 year or   More than     Carrying    undiscounted     1 year or   More than
                                                  amount        cash flows on demand        1 year      amount        cash flows on demand         1 year
                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000

             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                   2,574,238      2,574,238    2,574,238            –    2,962,495      2,962,495     2,962,495           —
             Bank loans                         13,384,553     14,273,950    9,732,839    4,541,111   18,603,608     20,010,435    11,898,621    8,111,814
             Bonds payable                      16,737,985     17,840,225    3,656,405   14,183,820   13,793,500     14,593,413     6,510,753    8,082,660
             Trading securities                    378,368        378,368      378,368            –      237,500        237,500       237,500           —
             Other financial liabilities         6,879,342      6,879,342      437,378    6,441,964    7,241,282      7,241,282       472,414    6,768,868
             Lease liabilities                      38,522         39,707       21,426       18,281       23,866         24,702        13,978       10,724

                                                39,993,008     41,985,830   16,800,654   25,185,176   42,862,251     45,069,827    22,095,761   22,974,066


      (c)   Interest rate risk
            The Group monitors its interest rate exposure regularly to ensure that the underlying risk is monitored within an
            acceptable range.

            The Group’s interest rate positions arise from treasury and operating activities. Interest rate risk arises from treasury
            management, customer financing and investment portfolios. Interest rate risk primarily results from the timing differences
            in the repricing of interest-bearing assets, liabilities and commitments. Interest rate risk is managed by the Finance and
            Accounting Department under the delegated authority of the Board and is monitored by the Risk Management, Legal and
            Compliance Department. The instruments used to manage interest rate risk include time deposits and interest rate linked
            derivatives, if necessary.

            The Group is exposed to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of its financial instruments will fluctuate as a
            result of changes in market interest rates. In respect of the Group’s interest-bearing financial instruments, the Group’s
            policy is to mainly transact in financial instruments that mature or reprice in the short to medium term. Accordingly, the
            Group would be subject to limited exposure to fair value or cash flow interest rate risk due to fluctuations in the prevailing
            levels of market interest rates.




164
                                                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(c)   Interest rate risk (continued)
      In respect of interest-bearing financial assets and financial liabilities at variable interest rates, the following table indicates
      their effective interest rates at the end of the reporting period. It is estimated that as at 31 December 2024, a general
      increase/decrease of 0.5% in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have increased/decreased the
      Group’s loss before tax, by HK$16,176,693/HK$44,138,152 (2023: increase/decrease of the Group’s loss before tax by
      HK$43,121,038/HK$73,126,317 for increase/decrease of 0.5% in the interest rate).

      The above increase or decrease in the interest rate represents management’s assessment of a reasonable change in
      interest rates over the period until the end of the next reporting period. It is also assumed that all other variables remain
      constant. The analysis was performed on the same basis for 2023.

                                                                          2024                                   2023
                                                                  Effective                              Effective
                                                              interest rate           HK$’000        interest rate           HK$’000

       Assets
       Advances to customers                                         9.66%          3,862,046                9.8%           3,736,862
       Cash and cash equivalents                                     0.45%          8,422,125                0.3%           9,588,078

       Total interest-bearing assets                                               12,284,171                              13,324,940

       Liabilities
       Bank loans                                                    4.70%         13,384,553               5.64%          18,603,608

       Total interest-bearing liabilities                                          13,384,553                              18,603,608


(d)   Currency risk
      The Group’s exposure to currency risk primarily stems from holding of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
      in foreign currencies, other than Hong Kong dollars and net investment in foreign operations. As most of the Group’s
      monetary assets and liabilities and net investment in foreign operations are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi,
      United States dollars and Singapore dollars, management is aware of the likely increase in volatility in these currencies
      and takes a balanced view when considering the management of currency risk.

      Overall, the Group monitors its currency exposure closely and would consider hedging significant currency exposure
      should the need arise.




                                                                                                                                            165
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (d)   Currency risk (continued)
            As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s exposure to currency risk arising from recognised assets and liabilities
            denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate is shown in the table
            below:

                                                                        2024                                          2023
                                                           In USD        In RMB           In SGD         In USD        In RMB           In SGD
                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000

             Equity investments designated at
               fair value through other
               comprehensive income                              –     6,572,616               –               –     5,032,899               –
             Financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss                           2,087,956        274,228               –      3,082,876      5,313,743               –
             Advances to customers                      1,165,635              –               –        404,882              –               –
             Amounts due from subsidiaries                      –     10,669,687               –              –     12,495,417               –
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                  341,954         17,836         10,991         427,377         18,954         12,655
             Trading securities                              2,349              –              –           2,970              –              –
             Cash and cash equivalents                     696,334        395,654          6,111         693,920      1,365,934          5,645
             Bank loans                                          –     (2,684,553)             –      (2,161,653)             –              –
             Bonds payable                                       –    (16,737,985)             –               –    (13,793,500)             –
             Other financial liabilities                  (901,578)      (381,811)             –        (924,714)      (381,229)             –
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                            (258,523)     (312,735)              –        (340,207)      (247,355)             –

             Net exposure arising from recognised
               assets and liabilities                   3,134,127      (2,187,063)        17,102      1,185,451      9,804,863          18,300


            An analysis of the estimated material change in the Group’s loss before tax and other components of consolidated equity
            in response to reasonably possible changes in the Renminbi’s exchange rate to which the Group has significant exposure
            at the end of the reporting period is presented in the following table.

                                                                        2024                                          2023
                                                                                        Effect on                                     Effect on
                                                          Increase/     Effect on           other       Increase/     Effect on           other
                                                        (decrease)           loss    components       (decrease)           loss    components
                                                      in exchange      before tax       of equity   in exchange      before tax       of equity
                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000                       HK$’000         HK$’000

             Renminbi, RMB                                     1%       (81,951)         65,726              1%        47,720           50,329
                                                              (1%)       81,951         (65,726)            (1%)      (47,720)         (50,329)


            The above analysis assumes the change in the Renminbi’s exchange rate had occurred at the end of the reporting period
            and had been applied to each of the Group entities’ exposure to currency risk in existence at that date while all other
            variables remain constant. The stated changes also represent management’s assessment of reasonably possible changes
            in exchange rates until the end of the next reporting period. The analysis excludes differences that would result from the
            translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The Hong Kong dollar
            is pegged to the United States dollar and it is assumed that this situation will stay materially unaffected by any fluctuation
            of the United States dollar against other currencies. The analysis was performed on the same basis for 2023.




166
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(e)   Equity price risk
      The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments classified as trading securities (note 23),
      equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 18) and financial assets at fair
      value through profit or loss (note 19). Other than unlisted securities held for medium to long-term purposes, all of these
      investments are listed.

      The Group’s investments in listed equity instruments are mainly listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange. Decisions to buy
      or sell trading securities rest with assigned investment team professionals and each investment portfolio is governed
      by specific investment and risk management guidelines. Independent daily monitoring of each portfolio against the
      corresponding guidelines is carried out by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. Listed equity
      instruments held in the equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss portfolio have been chosen based on their medium to long-term growth potential
      and are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

      The performance of the Group’s investments in unquoted equity instruments is assessed periodically, based on the
      information available to the Group.

      The following table shows the approximate changes in the Group’s loss before tax (and retained earnings) in response to
      reasonable change in the value of the relevant listed and unlisted equity investments. The analysis was performed on the
      same basis for 2023:

                                                            2024                                         2023
                                                                            Effect on                                    Effect on
                                               Increase/    Effect on           other       Increase/    Effect on           other
                                             (decrease)          loss    components       (decrease)          loss    components
                                           in exchange     before tax       of equity   in exchange     before tax       of equity
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000                      HK$’000         HK$’000

       Listed equity investments                   10%        125,962        657,262            10%       186,947          503,290
                                                  (10%)      (125,962)      (657,262)          (10%)     (186,947)        (503,290)

       Unlisted equity investments                  5%        970,542              –             5%      1,150,120               –
                                                   (5%)      (970,542)             –            (5%)    (1,150,120)              –




                                                                                                                                      167
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (f)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
            Financial assets subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements

                                                                        Gross amounts of
                                                                                recognised        Net amounts of               Related
                                                                        financial liabilities     financial assets        amounts not
                                                                                  set off in         presented in             set off in
                                                Gross amounts of          the consolidated       the consolidated     the consolidated
                                                      recognised              statement of           statement of         statement of          Net
             Financial assets                     financial assets       financial position     financial position   financial position     amount
                                                         HK$’000                   HK$’000                HK$’000              HK$’000      HK$’000

             As at 31 December 2024
             Trading securities                           2,145,697                        –            2,145,697             (263,662)    1,882,035
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                   119,859                        –             119,859                      –     119,859

             As at 31 December 2023
             Trading securities                           2,370,202                        –            2,370,202             (199,226)    2,170,976
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                    17,394                        –               17,394                     –      17,394


            Financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements

                                                                        Gross amounts of
                                                                               recognised     Net amounts of                   Related
                                                                          financial assets financial liabilities          amounts not
                                                                                 set off in      presented in                 set off in
                                                Gross amounts of         the consolidated    the consolidated         the consolidated
                                                       recognised            statement of        statement of             statement of          Net
             Financial liabilities              financial liabilities   financial position financial position        financial position     amount
                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000             HK$’000                  HK$’000      HK$’000

             As at 31 December 2024
             Trading securities                             378,304                        –             378,304              (263,662)     114,642
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                              608,538                        –             608,538                      –     608,538

             As at 31 December 2023
             Trading securities                             237,500                        –             237,500              (199,226)      38,274
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                              911,247                        –             911,247                      –     911,247




168
                                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(f)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)
      Reconciliation to the net amount of financial assets and financial liabilities presented in the consolidated
      statement of financial position

                                                      Financial assets      Carrying amounts          Financial assets
                                                          in scope of      in the consolidated         not in scope of
                                                            offsetting            statement of               offsetting
       Financial assets                                   disclosures        financial position             disclosure            Note
                                                             HK$’000                   HK$’000                HK$’000

       As at 31 December 2024
       Trading securities                                    2,145,697               2,830,106                684,409               23
       Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others               119,859               1,545,596              1,425,737               22

       As at 31 December 2023
       Trading securities                                    2,370,202               2,916,448                546,246               23
       Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                17,394               1,929,105              1,911,711               22


                                                   Financial liabilities    Carrying amounts      Financial liabilities
                                                          in scope of      in the consolidated        not in scope of
                                                            offsetting            statement of              offsetting
       Financial liabilities                              disclosures        financial position            disclosure             Note
                                                              HK$’000                  HK$’000               HK$’000

       As at 31 December 2024
       Trading securities                                      378,304                378,368                       64              23
       Creditors, deposits received and
         accrued charges                                       608,538               2,574,238              1,965,700               25

       As at 31 December 2023
       Trading securities                                      237,500                237,500                        –              23
       Creditors, deposits received and
         accrued charges                                       911,247               2,962,495              2,051,248               25


      Notional amounts of derivatives contract
      The fair values and the contractual or notional amounts of the Group’s trading derivatives outstanding at 31 December
      2024 are detailed as follows:

                                                                       Fair value                                Contractual/
                                                                    assets/(liabilities)                       notional amounts
                                                                     2024                 2023                  2024           2023
                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000               HK$’000        HK$’000

       Assets derivative contracts                                   10,735                 21,162             212,793        325,369
       Liabilities derivative contracts                             (28,147)               (27,938)          1,989,702      2,241,356


      The financial instruments become favourable (assets) or unfavourable (liabilities) as a result of fluctuations in market
      prices of the underlying instruments relative to their terms.

      Notional amounts of these financial instruments provide a basis for comparison with instruments recognised on the
      consolidated statement of financial position but do not necessarily indicate the amount of future cash flows involved or
      the current fair value of the instruments and, therefore, are not a representation of the Group’s exposure to the credit or
      price risks.



                                                                                                                                         169
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Fair value hierarchy
           The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting
           period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value
           Measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the
           observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

           •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                 for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

           •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and
                 not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

           •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

           The Group engages professional independent valuers to perform valuations of certain financial instruments, including
           financial assets at fair value through profit or loss categorised into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The professional
           valuer reports directly to the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and
           the Audit and Risk Management Committee. Valuation reports with analysis of changes in fair value measurement are
           prepared by the professional valuers at each interim and annual reporting date, and are reviewed and approved by the
           Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and the Audit and Risk Management
           Committee. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
           Management, Legal and Compliance and the Audit and Risk Management Committee is held twice a year to coincide
           with the reporting dates.

           In addition to the above valuers, the Group also makes reference to the valuation reports performed by other professional
           valuers to ascertain the fair values of certain investments with underlying interests in real estate investments and some
           other private equity investments.




170
                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
    As at 31 December 2024

                                                     Level 1      Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000

     Recurring fair value measurement
     Assets
     Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income:
       — Listed equity securities                  6,572,616            –             –      6,572,616

     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss:
       — Listed equity securities                  1,541,957            –             –      1,541,957
       — Unlisted equity securities/collective
        investment schemes                                 –            –    19,410,839     19,410,839
       — Unlisted preference shares                        –            –     5,844,212      5,844,212
       — Unlisted debt securities                          –            –       453,875        453,875

                                                   1,541,957            –    25,708,926     27,250,883

     Trading securities:
       — Listed equity securities                    58,151             –             –         58,151
       — Listed debt securities                           –     2,696,685             –      2,696,685
       — Listed derivatives                               –             5             –              5
       — Listed funds                                 1,320             –             –          1,320
       — Unlisted debt securities                         –        60,594             –         60,594
       — Unlisted derivatives                             –        13,351             –         13,351

                                                     59,471     2,770,635             –      2,830,106

     Liabilities
     Trading securities:
       — Listed equity securities                   (340,488)           –             –       (340,488)
       — Listed debt securities                            –       (6,151)            –         (6,151)
       — Listed derivatives                                –          (63)            –            (63)
       — Unlisted derivatives                              –      (31,666)            –        (31,666)

                                                    (340,488)     (37,880)            –       (378,368)




                                                                                                          171
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           Fair value hierarchy (continued)
           As at 31 December 2023

                                                                        Level 1           Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

             Recurring fair value measurement
             Assets
             Equity investments designated at fair value
               through other comprehensive income:
               — Listed equity securities                            5,032,899                  –                  –       5,032,899

             Financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss:
               — Listed equity securities                            1,259,263                  –          732,484         1,991,747
               — Unlisted equity securities/collective
                investment schemes                                             –                –       23,002,403        23,002,403
               — Unlisted preference shares                                    –                –        5,361,456         5,361,456
               — Unlisted debt securities                                      –                –          456,435           456,435

                                                                     1,259,263                  –       29,552,778        30,812,041

             Trading securities:
               — Listed equity securities                                87,286                –                   –          87,286
               — Listed debt securities                                       –        2,718,090                   –       2,718,090
               — Unlisted debt securities                                     –           89,910                   –          89,910
               — Unlisted derivatives                                         –           21,162                   –          21,162

                                                                         87,286        2,829,162                   –       2,916,448

             Liabilities
             Trading securities:
               — Listed equity securities                              (205,141)                –                  –         (205,141)
               — Listed funds                                             (4,421)               –                  –             (4,421)
               — Listed derivatives                                           (22)              –                  –                 (22)
               — Unlisted derivatives                                           –         (27,916)                 –           (27,916)

                                                                       (209,584)          (27,916)                 –         (237,500)


           All financial instruments including financial instruments measured at amortised cost, were stated at fair value or carried at
           amounts not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.




172
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
    As at 31 December 2024, one of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with fair values of
    HK$732,484,000 was previously determined to be Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy using a valuation technique
    that used significant unobservable inputs. As unadjusted quoted prices are available in the active market, the fair value
    measurement of these equity securities were accordingly transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

    As at 31 December 2023, four of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with fair values of
    HK$348,668,000 was previously determined to be Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy using a valuation technique
    that used significant unobservable inputs. As unadjusted quoted prices are available in the active market, the fair value
    measurement of these equity securities were accordingly transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

    During the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level
    1 and Level 2.


    Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements
    The fair value of listed and unlisted debt securities and derivatives in Level 2 is determined using broker quotes.


    Information about Level 3 fair value measurements
    As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                Increase/         Favourable/
                                                                                            (decrease) in      (unfavourable)
                                    Significant                                            unobservable             impact on
     Valuation techniques           unobservable inputs          Range                             inputs        profit or loss
                                                                                                                      HK$’000

     Market comparable              Discount for lack of         20% to 30%                            5%             (177,188)
      companies                       marketability                                                   (5%)             177,188
                                    Control premium              0% to 25%                             5%                  306
                                                                                                      (5%)                (306)
                                    Market multiples             0.8 to 21.5                           5%              251,089
                                                                                                      (5%)            (251,089)
                                    Probability of liquidation 10.00% to 10.00%                        5%              (19,355)
                                                                                                      (5%)              19,355




                                                                                                                                  173
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
           As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                                       Increase/        Favourable/
                                                                                                   (decrease) in     (unfavourable)
                                           Significant                                            unobservable            impact on
             Valuation techniques          unobservable inputs          Range                             inputs       profit or loss
                                                                                                                            HK$’000

             Market comparable             Discount for lack of         10% to 30%                           5%              (22,189)
              companies                      marketability                                                  (5%)              22,189
                                           Market multiples             0.8 to 30.6                          5%               97,019
                                                                                                            (5%)             (97,019)

             Binomial model and            Volatility                   24.24% to 105.33%                    5%               (2,268)
               equity allocation model                                                                      (5%)               1,723

             Put option model              Discount for lack of         5.00% to 5.00%                       5%               (1,928)
                                             marketability for                                              (5%)               1,928
                                             restricted shares


           Other than using the recent transaction approach as the valuation technique in determining the fair value of Level 3
           financial instruments, the valuation techniques in estimating the fair value of other financial instruments are described as
           follows:

           The fair value of unquoted equity investments is estimated using an appropriate combination of:

           (1)   making reference to capital statements, management information and valuation reports provided by third parties;

           (2)   deducing from prices recently paid for similar assets, quoted market prices in active markets and the financial
                 indicators of the transacted assets such as net book value and net operating profit; and

           (3)   applying, if possible, price to earnings (“P/E”) ratios, price to book (“P/B”) ratios, enterprise value to earnings
                 before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EV/EBITDA”) ratios and enterprise value to sales (“EV/
                 Sales”) ratios for similar listed companies adjusted to reflect the specific circumstances of the investments.

           The Group has certain shares listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and Nasdaq, which are subject to restriction on
           sales for defined periods. The fair value measurement reflected the effect of such restriction with an adjustment to the
           quoted price of otherwise similar but unrestricted securities and the adjustment was referenced to put option models.

           The fair values of preference shares and debt securities are estimated using the equity allocation model and discounted
           future cash flows respectively. Future cash flows are estimated based on management’s best estimate of the amount
           it would receive or pay to terminate the contract at the end of the reporting period taking into account current market
           conditions. The discount rate used is a market rate for a similar instrument at the end of the reporting period. The fair
           value of an option contract is determined by applying an option valuation model such as the Black-Scholes valuation
           model. Inputs are based on market related data at the end of the reporting period.




174
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
    The movements during the year in the balance of these Level 3 financial instruments are as follows:

                                                    Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                  Unlisted
                                                                    equity
                                                                securities/      Unlisted
                                                    Listed       collective    convertible        Unlisted
                                                    equity     investment      preference             debt
                                                 securities       schemes          shares        securities        Total
                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

     At 1 January 2023                             318,667      26,693,119       6,250,280        799,778      34,061,844
     Purchased                                           –         292,336          22,070              –         314,406
     Net unrealised gains or loss
       recognised in profit or loss               (156,485)     (1,133,025)       (757,476)       (128,450)    (2,175,436)
     Exchange adjustments                           (12,890)      (273,197)        (63,852)          (4,893)     (354,832)
     Disposals                                            –     (1,644,970)        (89,566)       (210,000)    (1,944,536)
     Reclassification                              583,192        (931,860)              –                –      (348,668)

     At 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                              732,484      23,002,403       5,361,456        456,435      29,552,778
     Purchased                                           –         332,783               –              –         332,783
     Net unrealised gains or loss
       recognised in profit or loss                      –      (3,604,493)       495,040            4,123     (3,105,330)
     Exchange adjustments                                –        (281,733)       (83,114)          (6,683)      (371,530)
     Disposals                                           –         (38,121)        70,830                –         32,709
     Reclassification                             (732,484)              –              –                –       (732,484)

     At 31 December 2024                                  –     19,410,839       5,844,212        453,875      25,708,926




                                                                                                                             175
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)   Reconciliation of loss before taxation to net cash flows from operating activities:

                                                                                          2024          2023
                                                                                        HK$’000       HK$’000

             Loss before taxation                                                     (2,177,925)   (1,685,890)
               Interest income on bank deposits                                         (112,229)     (172,695)
               Interest expenses                                                       1,339,129     1,643,691
               Dividend income                                                          (299,232)     (330,656)
               Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                             41,272        (25,183)
               Share of profits less losses of associates                                 (3,544)     (230,823)
               Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                     50,348         55,000
               Realised loss on disposal of an associate                                   2,202              –
               Realised loss on partial disposal of an joint venture                           –            171
               Net loss/(gain) on revaluation of investment properties                    95,096      (760,263)
               Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment
                and investment properties                                                 3,239            (90)
               Written back of impairment loss on inventory                                   –      (179,704)
               Impairment loss of investment in associates                                    –        64,151
               Impairment loss on advances to customers                                 148,000       367,759
               Impairment loss on finance lease receivables                              20,563         3,687
               Impairment loss of inventories                                            29,613              –
               Impairment loss of debtors, deposits, prepayments and others             160,440       360,245

             Cash outflow before working capital changes                                (703,028)    (890,600)
               Increase in finance lease receivables                                      (2,587)       (2,960)
               Decrease/(increase) in debtors, deposits, prepayments and others          223,069     (305,165)
               Decrease in inventories                                                    26,919       34,179
               Decrease in trading securities                                            227,210      887,123
               Increase in advances to customers                                        (194,852)    (215,047)
               Decrease in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       3,111,923    3,882,423
               (Decrease)/increase in other financial liabilities                       (267,677)     538,529
               Decrease in creditors, deposits received and accrued charges             (454,839)    (575,222)
               Hong Kong profits tax (paid)/refunded                                     (24,604)        6,707
               Overseas profits tax paid                                                (250,100)    (183,039)

             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                 1,691,434    3,176,928




176
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024




41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
(b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                   Foreign
                                                     1 January           Net     exchange      Dividend              31 December
                                                          2024    cash flows    movement       declared      Other          2024
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000

       Bank loans                                    18,603,608   (5,168,980)      (50,075)           –          –     13,384,553
       Dividend payable                                       –     (252,788)            –      252,788          –              –
       Bonds payable                                 13,793,500    3,320,605      (376,120)           –          –     16,737,985
       Lease liabilities                                 23,866      (31,859)          810            –     45,705         38,522

       Total liabilities from financing activities   32,420,974   (2,133,022)     (425,385)     252,788     45,705     30,161,060


                                                                                   Foreign
                                                     1 January           Net     exchange      Dividend              31 December
                                                          2023    cash flows    movement       declared      Other          2023
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000

       Bank loans                                    20,916,972   (2,290,491)       (22,873)          –         –      18,603,608
       Dividend payable                                       –     (505,576)             –     505,576         –               –
       Bonds payable                                 11,996,728    1,952,196      (155,424)           –         –      13,793,500
       Lease liabilities                                 64,967      (38,562)        (2,725)          –       186          23,866

       Total liabilities from financing activities   32,978,667     (882,433)     (181,022)     505,576       186      32,420,974




                                                                                                                                    177
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION
           The Group manages and conducts the majority of its business activities by business units. Operating segments
           are reported in a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s senior
           management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


           Fund Management Business
           Fund management business refers to the business that the Group raises funds from external investors and deploys
           the Group’s seed capital into specific clients, applies its professional knowledge and experience to make investment
           decisions on the capital according to laws, regulations and the fund’s prospectus, while seeking to maximise gains for
           investors. The fund management business is comprised of primary market investment, secondary market investment
           and Fund of Funds investment (“FoF”).

           •     Primary market investment: Investment in unlisted equity securities or equity derivatives with equity position
                 for participating in the ongoing management of these companies, and with an ultimate objective of capital gain
                 on investee’s equity listing or through other exit channels. Areas of investments include new economy, artificial
                 intelligence and advanced manufacturing, new energy, medical care and senior healthcare, overseas acquisition
                 and infrastructure, real estate, aircraft industry chain, consumer market, wealth management and others.

           •     Secondary market investment: Provides a diversified range of financial services, including asset management,
                 investment management and investment advisory activities. Products include absolute return funds, bond funds
                 and equity funds.

           •     Fund of Funds investment or “FoF”: FoF invested in both funds initiated and managed by the Group as well as
                 external funds with proven track records of performance and governance. FoF can provide one-stop solution that
                 offers liquidity and potential returns for mega-size institutions.


           Principal Investments Business
           The Group makes full use of its own capital to make the following three types of investments to promote the
           development of the fund management business and to optimise its income structure. They are:

           •     Key investee companies: Focusing on aircraft leasing, artificial intelligence of things (AIoT) and elderly care industry
                 platforms;

           •     Financial investments: Investing in equity, debts, structured products and other products; and

           •     Cornerstone investments: The Group’s stake in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities contributing
                 relative stable earnings and dividend income.




178
                                                                                                                                       CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024




42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(a)   Business segments
      For the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                  Fund Management Business                    Principal Investments Business
                                                               Primary      Secondary     Fund of             Key                                   Reportable
                                                                Market         Market       Funds         Investee        Financial Cornerstone      segments
                                                           Investments    Investments Investments       Companies      Investments Investments            total      Total
                                                               HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000

          Income from contract with customers                   98,069        30,252          62,334             –          216,469             –      407,124      407,124
          Income from investments                             (185,500)      302,005         (75,190)      391,323         (785,663)      299,232      (53,793)     (53,793)
          Income from other sources                                  –        27,946               –             –              106             –       28,052       28,052

          Total income                                         (87,431)      360,203         (12,856)      391,323         (569,088)      299,232      381,383      381,383

          Segment operating results                           (366,809)      242,062         (32,386)      353,287       (1,027,727)      299,232     (532,341)    (532,341)
          Unallocated head office and
            corporate expenses*                                                                                                                                   (1,607,856)
          Share of profits less losses of associates          (509,236)             –              –       (81,242)         (13,647)      607,669        3,544         3,544
          Share of profits less losses of joint ventures       (41,245)             –              –             –              (27)            –      (41,272)      (41,272)

          (Loss)/profit before taxation                       (917,290)      242,062         (32,386)      272,045       (1,041,401)      906,901     (570,069)   (2,177,925)

          Less: Non-controlling interests                       73,694        (89,310)             –             –           50,249             –       34,633

          Segment results                                     (843,596)      152,752         (32,386)      272,045         (991,152)      906,901     (535,436)

          Other segment information:
          Interest income                                      243,853       100,500         22,022         49,925          139,738             –      556,038
          Impairment losses recognised in
            the statement of profit or loss                    165,551              –              –        40,238          152,827             –      358,616

      *          The unallocated head office and corporate expenses mainly included unallocated finance costs, employee expenses and other
                 operating expenses. The segment expenses and the unallocated head office and corporate expenses are measured on the same
                 basis as HKFRS.




                                                                                                                                                                                179
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (a)   Business segments (continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2023:

                                                                         Fund Management Business                   Principal Investments Business
                                                                     Primary       Secondary     Fund of            Key                                    Reportable
                                                                      Market          Market       Funds        Investee        Financial Cornerstone       segments
                                                                 Investments     Investments Investments      Companies      Investments Investments             total      Total
                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000

                Income from contract with customers                  455,972         26,588          75,211            –           234,257            –       792,028      792,028
                Income from investments                              689,927        169,906         193,228     (396,881)       (1,476,327)     330,656      (489,491)    (489,491)
                Income from other sources                                825          1,567               –            –         1,099,931            –     1,102,323    1,102,323

                Total income                                       1,146,724        198,061         268,439     (396,881)        (142,139)      330,656     1,404,860    1,404,860

                Segment operating results                            667,348         70,126         241,288     (528,002)        (887,986)      330,656      (106,570)    (106,570)
                Unallocated head office and
                  corporate expenses*                                                                                                                                    (1,835,326)
                Share of profits less losses of associates          (638,126)              –             –       (12,616)              693      880,872       230,823       230,823
                Share of profits less losses of joint ventures        25,580               –            31             –              (428)           –        25,183        25,183

                (Loss)/profit before taxation                         54,802         70,126         241,319     (540,618)        (887,721)     1,211,528      149,436    (1,685,890)

                Less: Non-controlling interests                       (1,374)        (88,803)             –            –           27,873             –       (62,304)

                Segment results                                       53,428         (18,677)       241,319     (540,618)        (859,848)     1,211,528       87,132

                Other segment information:
                Interest income                                      234,020        139,379          41,852       51,025          193,400             –       659,676
                Impairment losses recognised in
                  the statement of profit or loss                    335,389               –              –      131,121          329,332             –       795,842

            *          The unallocated head office and corporate expenses mainly included unallocated finance costs, employee expenses and other
                       operating expenses. The segment expenses and the unallocated head office and corporate expenses are measured on the same
                       basis as HKFRS.




180
                                                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024




42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(a)   Business segments (continued)
      Other Information
      As at 31 December 2024

                                                                   Fund Management Business                 Principal Investment Business
                                                               Primary       Secondary     Fund of          Key                                   Reportable
                                                                Market          Market       Funds      Investee        Financial Cornerstone      segments
                                                           Investments     Investments Investments    Companies      Investments Investments            total       Total
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

       Segment assets                                       17,936,342       3,308,559    9,387,545    2,965,019      16,406,076      6,572,732   56,576,273    56,576,273
       Investments in associates                             1,303,681               –            –    2,200,058         325,498     13,188,214   17,017,451    17,017,451
       Investments in joint ventures                           724,263               –        5,540            –               –              –      729,803       729,803
       Unallocated head office and corporate assets                                                                                                                362,478

       Total assets                                                                                                                                             74,686,005

       Segment liabilities                                   2,432,840       1,045,453    4,664,160            –        2,181,641             –   10,324,094    10,324,094
       Unallocated head office and corporate liabilities                                                                                                        29,668,914
       Provision for taxation                                                                                                                                      672,775
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                  1,370,151

       Total liabilities                                                                                                                                        42,035,934


      As at 31 December 2023

                                                                   Fund Management Business                 Principal Investment Business
                                                               Primary       Secondary     Fund of          Key                                   Reportable
                                                                Market          Market       Funds      Investee        Financial Cornerstone      segments
                                                           Investments     Investments Investments    Companies      Investments Investments            total       Total
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

       Segment assets                                       20,334,629       3,589,116    9,945,210    2,530,207      19,138,897      5,032,899   60,570,958    60,570,958
       Investments in associates                             1,850,277               –            –    2,217,162         482,638     13,159,636   17,709,713    17,709,713
       Investments in joint ventures                           927,296               –        5,668            –               –              –      932,964       932,964
       Unallocated head office and corporate assets                                                                                                                374,287

       Total assets                                                                                                                                             79,587,922

       Segment liabilities                                   2,497,268       1,206,826    5,052,041            –        3,510,386             –   12,266,521    12,266,521
       Unallocated head office and corporate liabilities                                                                                                        30,595,730
       Provision for taxation                                                                                                                                      582,592
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                  2,037,293

       Total liabilities                                                                                                                                        45,482,136




                                                                                                                                                                             181
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (b)   Geographical segments
            The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external
            customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment and investment properties, right-of-use assets, interests in
            associates and joint ventures (“Specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of customers is based on the
            location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the Specified non-current assets is based on
            the physical locations of the asset. For interests in associates and joint ventures, the geographical location is based on
            the locations of operations.

                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024             For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                    Hong Kong &        Mainland                    Hong Kong &         Mainland
                                                          Others          China           Total          Others           China          Total
                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

             Segment Revenue
             Income from contracts with customers        111,290          295,834       407,124         291,251            500,777        792,028
             Income from investments                      27,571          (81,364)      (53,793)        223,329           (712,820)      (489,491)
             Income from other sources                    85,572          (57,520)       28,052           (2,260)        1,104,583      1,102,323

                                                         224,433          156,950       381,383         512,320           892,540       1,404,860


                                                                   31 December 2024                                 31 December 2023
                                                    Hong Kong &          Mainland                  Hong Kong &            Mainland
                                                          Others            China         Total          Others              China         Total
                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000             HK$’000       HK$’000

             Specified non-current assets              2,493,088       21,039,442     23,532,530      2,498,392         22,193,071     24,691,463


      43. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
            The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
            reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these financial
            statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the years presented. Changes in assumptions may
            have a significant impact on the financial statements in the periods where the assumptions are changed. The application
            of assumptions and estimates means that any selection of different assumptions would cause the Group’s reporting to
            differ. The Group believes that the assumptions that have been made are appropriate and that the financial statements
            therefore present the financial position and results fairly, in all material respects. Management has discussed with
            the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the development, selection and disclosure of the Group’s significant
            accounting policies and estimates and the application of these policies and estimates.




182
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024




43. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)
(a)     Sources of estimation uncertainty
(i)     Unlisted investments
        The fair values of unlisted financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other non-trading securities are
        significantly affected by the combination of valuation methodologies employed, the parameters used and, if required, the
        related comparable companies chosen. The valuation methodologies and the source of parameters adopted by the Group
        are discussed in note 40.


(ii)    Impairment of advances to customers and debtors, deposits, prepayments and others
        The impairment provisions for amortised receivables are based on assumptions about ECLs. The Group uses judgements
        in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the number of days that an
        individual receivable is outstanding as well as the Group’s historical experience, market benchmark and forward-looking
        information at the end of each reporting period. Changes in these assumptions and estimates could materially affect the
        results of the assessment and it may be necessary to make an additional impairment charge to profit or loss.


(iii)   Tax provision
        The Group’s taxation provision is based on management’s assessment of the estimated assessable profits for the year
        taking into consideration tax legislations in Hong Kong and the relevant overseas jurisdictions.


(b)     Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies
(i)     Structured entities managed by the Group and its affiliates
        The Group and its affiliates, acting as the general partners or investment managers to a number of structured entities
        (investment funds and collective investment schemes), have provided seed capital for the set up of these structured
        entities. When determining whether the Group controls these structured entities, usually the level of aggregate economic
        interests of the Group in these funds and the level of investors’ rights to remove the general partners or investment
        managers are considered. The Group determines that it has no control over some structured entities since the level of
        aggregate economic interests of the Group in those structured entities is not so significant that it gives the Group control
        over the structured entities, or the Group cannot control the general partners or investment managers, after taking into
        consideration the level of investors’ rights to remove the general managers or investment managers and the power of
        other investors over the general partners or investment managers. The Group determines that it has control over some
        structured entities and has consolidated them. Further details of unconsolidated structured entities are set out in note 38.


(ii)    Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities
        Disclosures of interests in unconsolidated structured entities provide information on involvement in these entities which
        exposes the Group to variability of returns from the performance of the other entity. Involvement is considered on a
        case-by-case basis, taking into account the nature of the entity’s activity. This could include holding debt and equity
        instruments, or the provision of structured derivatives, but excludes involvement that exists only because of typical
        customer supplier relationships, such as market-making transactions to facilitate secondary trading or senior lending in
        the normal course of business.


(iii)   Impairment of investment in an associate — Everbright Jiabao
        As at 31 December 2024, the cumulative impairment allowance and net carrying value of the Group’s investment in
        Everbright Jiabao, an associate of the Group, amounted to HK$1,598,827,000 and HK$1,262,039,000 respectively. For
        impairment testing, the Group engaged an external specialist to estimate the value-in-use of Everbright Jiabao, using a
        discounted cash flow model. In carrying out the impairment assessment, significant judgement and assumptions are
        required to estimate the value-in-use based on the forecasted cash flows of Everbright Jiabao and the discount rate
        applied.




                                                                                                                                       183
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. BANKING FACILITIES AND PLEDGE OF ASSETS
           Aggregate banking facilities of the Group as at 31 December 2024 amounted to HK$21.4 billion (2023: HK$32.7 billion).
           The Group has utilised HK$13.4 billion (2023: HK$18.6 billion) of these facilities.

           As at 31 December 2024, restricted bank balances of HK$32 million (31 December 2023: HK$57 million) were pledged
           to the banks for sales of mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on borrowings. Investment
           properties with carrying values of HK$2,289 million (31 December 2023: HK$4,542 million) were mortgaged to secure
           certain bank loans granted to the Group. No inventory or stocks were mortgaged to secure certain bank loans granted
           to the Group (31 December 2023: HK$230 million and HK$1,475 million respectively). Pursuant to the prime brokerage
           agreements entered into with the prime brokers of a fund held by the Group, cash and securities deposited with the
           prime brokers were secured against liabilities to the prime brokers. As at 31 December 2024, assets deposited with the
           prime brokers included HK$1,238 million (31 December 2023: HK$1,417 million) and HK$111.4 million (31 December
           2023: HK$16.4 million) which formed part of the Group’s trading securities and debtors respectively. Analysis on collateral
           of the Group’s bank loans and bonds payable is set in note 26 and note 28 of the Notes to the Financial Statements in
           this report.


      45. ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
           The Group has not applied the following revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these
           financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised HKFRSs, if applicable, when they become effective.

           Amendments to HKAS 21                  The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack of exchangeability 1
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and              Financial instruments and Financial instruments: disclosures — Amendments to the
             HKFRS7                                 classification and measurement of financial instruments 2
           Annual improvements to HKFRS
             Accounting Standards —
             Volume 11 2
           HKFRS 18                               Presentation and disclosure in financial statements 3
           HKFRS 19                               Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures 3

           1.
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
           2.
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
           3.
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027


           Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

           Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack of exchangeability, specify when
           a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when it is not, and how an entity determines a spot rate when a
           currency lacks exchangeability. Under the amendments, entities are required to provide additional disclosures to help
           users evaluate how a currency’s lack of exchangeability affects, or is expected to affect, its financial performance,
           financial position and cash flows.

           Amendment to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosure — Amendments to the
           classification and measurement to financial instruments, include requirements on classification of financial assets with
           environmental, social or governance targets and similar features; settlement of financial liabilities through electronic
           payment systems; and disclosures regarding investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other
           comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent feature.




184
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024




45. ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (continued)
    HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 and aims to improve the transparency
    and comparability of information about an entity’s financial performance. The main changes comprise a more structured
    income statement; enhanced disclosure requirements on management-defined performance measures (“MPMs”); and
    enhanced requirements on aggregation and disaggregation of information. Earlier application is permitted.

    HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures, simplifies financial reporting by allowing eligible
    subsidiaries to apply and hence assert compliance with HKFRSs with reduced disclosures. A subsidiary may elect to
    apply HKFRS 19 in its consolidated, separate or individual financial statements provided that, at the reporting date, it does
    not have public accountability and its parent produces consolidated financial statements that are available for public use
    under HKFRSs. A subsidiary applying HKFRS 19 is required to clearly state in its explicit and unreserved statement of
    compliance with HKFRSs that HKFRS 19 has been adopted. Earlier application is permitted.

    Except for HKFRS 18 mentioned above, the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated
    financial statements. The application of HKFRS 18 is expected to affect the presentation of the consolidated statement
    of profit or loss and disclosures in the future consolidated financial statements. The Group is in the process of assessing
    the detailed impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


46. LITIGATION
    Reference is made to the announcements of the Company made through The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    dated 2 February 2021, 11 April 2023, 1 June 2023, 9 September 2024 and 11 November 2024 (the “Announcements”)
    which have disclosed, among others, matters pertaining to the litigation filed by Fang Ming (the “Plaintiff”) against the
    Group relating to equity transfer dispute of Ying Li International Real Estate Limited (the “Legal Proceedings”). Certain
    amount of the Group’s assets insignificant to its daily operations were preserved under the Legal Proceedings.

    Following the appeal filed by the Company, on 5 September 2024, the Company received a civil judgment issued by
    the High People’s Court of Chongqing Municipality which ruled that, among other things, the civil judgment issued by
    the Fifth Intermediate People’s Court of Chongqing Municipality (the “First Instance Court”) shall be revoked and the
    case shall be remanded to the First Instance Court for retrial. The Company subsequently received a civil complaint (the
    “Civil Complaint”) against the Company in respect of the Legal Proceedings in which the Plaintiff alleged that there was
    disagreement over the consideration of the equity transfers, and demanded the Company to restitute and compensate
    for the Plaintiff’s properties, financial loss and other related losses and certain subsidiaries of the Company as the other
    defendants to be jointly responsible for restitution and compensation obligations. According to the Civil Complaint, the
    amount involved in the relevant properties and related losses is yet to be ascertained.

    The Company continues to firmly believe that the above allegations against the Group are without merit. The Group will
    take every possible step to defend the claim vigorously, and reserve the rights to take legal action(s) against the Plaintiff
    for any damages. The Company is of the view that the Legal Proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on
    the operations and debt-paying ability of the Group. The Company will continue to closely monitor the progress of the
    Legal Proceedings and use its best endeavours to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its
    shareholders. The Company will provide further information as and when appropriate in accordance with the applicable
    listing rules, laws and regulations.


47. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The financial statements on pages 97 to 185 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 27
    March 2025.




                                                                                                                                    185
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      RESULTS
                                                                           For the years ended 31 December
                                                            2020            2021            2022            2023            2024
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

       Turnover                                        22,682,402       21,785,133      7,707,730       6,047,280       6,548,605

       (Loss)/profit from operating activities after
         finance costs and impairment losses            2,598,936        2,252,219      (9,257,751)     (1,941,896)     (2,140,197)
       Share of profits less losses of associates
         and joint ventures                               606,320        1,288,334        634,009         256,006          (37,728)

       (Loss)/profit before taxation                    3,205,256        3,540,553      (8,623,742)     (1,685,890)     (2,177,925)
       Income tax credit/(expenses)                      (948,118)        (768,186)        923,427          (76,379)       313,266

       (Loss)/profit for the year                       2,257,138        2,772,367      (7,700,315)     (1,762,269)     (1,864,659)

       Attributable to:
         Equity shareholders of the Company             2,264,175        2,572,840      (7,443,299)     (1,922,639)     (1,909,019)
         Holders of perpetual capital securities            15,736          88,585          89,284          98,066          78,993
         Non-controlling interests                         (22,773)        110,942        (346,300)         62,304         (34,633)

                                                        2,257,138        2,772,367      (7,700,315)     (1,762,269)     (1,864,659)

       (Loss)/earnings per share (HK$)                       1.344           1.527          (4.417)         (1.141)         (1.133)


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                            2020            2021            2022            2023            2024
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

       Total assets                                     96,974,800     101,793,561      84,476,611      79,587,922      74,686,005
       Total liabilities                               (47,541,819)    (50,757,031)    (46,599,510)    (45,482,136)    (42,035,934)
       Perpetual capital securities                      (2,341,276)     (2,341,161)     (2,341,083)     (2,209,566)    (2,209,630)
       Non-controlling interests                         (1,654,688)     (1,759,044)     (1,046,815)       (906,499)      (713,777)

       Shareholders’ fund                              45,437,017       46,936,325     34,489,203      30,989,721      29,726,664




186
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024




PARTICULARS OF MAJOR PROPERTIES


Location                               Site area/Gross floor area           Tenure                              Use

Hong Kong

46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre,   Gross floor area of 10,800 sq. ft.   Government lease for 75 years       Commercial
16 Harcourt Road                                                            from 23rd July 1980,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

40th Floor, Far East Finance Centre,   Gross floor area of 10,800 sq. ft.   Government lease for 75 years       Commercial
16 Harcourt Road                                                            from 23rd July 1980,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

Flat A, 27/F, 1 Star Street,           Gross floor area of 655 sq. ft.      Government lease for 75 years       Residential
Wanchai                                                                     from 22nd August 1928,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

Mainland China

Units 1-17, 8th Floor,                 Gross floor area of 1,241.25 sq.m.   Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
Industrial Bank Building,                                                   27th December 2000
4013 Shennan Road,
Futian District, Shenzhen

Unit 1300, Level 13,                 Gross floor area of 1,474.42 sq.m.     Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
China Overseas International Center,                                        7th March 2004
28 Ping’anli West Street,
Xicheng District, Beijing

Level 25, 21 Century Center,           Gross floor area of 1,976.23 sq.m.   Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
No. 210 Century Road,                                                       25th February 1997
Pudong New District, Shanghai




                                                                                                                              187
      CORPORATE INFORMATION


      BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
      Yu Fachang (Chairman)#                    China Everbright Bank Company Limited
      Lin Chun (President)                      China Construction Bank Corporation
      An Xuesong                                Agricultural Bank of China Limited
      Pan Jianyun                               Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
      Yin Yanwu                                 Ping An Bank Co., Limited
      Qin Hongyuan#                             Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
      Lin Zhijun*                               Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd,
      Law Cheuk Kin Stephen*                      Hong Kong Branch
      Wong Chun Sek Edmund*

      #
          Non-executive Directors               SHARE REGISTRAR
      *   Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                17/F, Far East Finance Centre
      COMPANY SECRETARY                         16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong

      Wan Kim Ying Kasina
                                                AUDITOR
      REGISTERED OFFICE                         KPMG
                                                Certified Public Accountants
      46th Floor                                Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
      Far East Finance Centre                     the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
      16 Harcourt Road
      Hong Kong
                                                WEBSITE ADDRESS
                                                www.everbright.com


                                                INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
                                                ir@everbright.com


                                                STOCK CODE
                                                165




188
