                  COVER STORY


  UNITED IN EXCELLENCE
MOVING IN TANDEM WITH THE ERA
           As time enriches value, collaboration enhances efficiency.

           With 26 years of experience in cross-border investment and
     asset management, CEL remains steadfast, resonating with the era and
                   advancing in harmony with diverse sectors.

             Our journey is marked by resilience and a commitment
               to excellence, steering us towards new horizons
                      in cross-border asset management.
TABLE OF CONTENTS


8                  10                                  14
Company Overview   2023 Business                       2023 Review
                   Development Highlights




20                 24                                  41
Chairman’s         Management Discussion               Corporate Governance
Statement          and Analysis                        Report




67                 76                                  88
Risk Management    Directors’ Report                   Directors and
Report                                                 Senior Management




FINANCIAL          93       Independent Auditor’s Report

                   99       Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
SECTION            100      Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

                   101      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                   103      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                   104      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                   105      Notes to the Financial Statements

                   190      Financial Summary

                   191      Particulars of Major Properties

                   192      Corporate Information
MOVING IN HARMONY
   WITH THE TIMES
 In step with the times, CEL proactively engages with the
 new development trend, nurturing innovative productive
 forces to fuel high-quality growth with dynamic energy.
      UNITY
AND COLLABORATION
   Leveraging high-efficiency teamwork and extensive
  investment experience, CEL’s esteemed business team
  creates enduring value for shareholders and investors.
   ADVANCING
TOWARDS EXCELLENCE
   With robust strategic determination and a visionary
  investment approach, CEL focuses on its core business,
  navigating through industry cycles and embarking on a
     new journey in cross-border asset management.
    COMPANY OVERVIEW



     China Everbright Limited (“CEL” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the
     “Group”) is a leading cross-border asset management and Private Equity (“PE”) investment company in
     China, and a listed company in Hong Kong with asset management and investment of private funds as the
     core businesses. With more than 26 years of experience in cross-border asset management and PE
     investment, CEL has been assessed as one of the top PE firms in China several times. China Everbright
     Group Ltd. (“Everbright Group”) is the largest shareholder of the Company, indirectly holding 49.74% of
     the shares of CEL.


     For Fund Management Business, as at 31 December 2023, total assets under management (“AUM”)1 of
     CEL reached approximately HK$126.2 billion with 73 funds. CEL has a diverse assets management
     product portfolio covering primary market funds, secondary market funds, Fund of Funds and Secondary
     Funds, nurturing many promising enterprises with high growth potential alongside with investors. CEL is
     positioned to serve the “Dual Circulation” new development pattern, leveraging its competitive edge on
     equity investment to provide direct financing and contribute to the development of the real economy.


     For Principal Investments Business, CEL has nurtured China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited
     (“CALC”), the largest independent aircraft operating lessor in China; nurtured China Everbright Senior
     Healthcare Company Limited (“Everbright Senior Healthcare”), a renowned senior healthcare industrial
     group in China with consolidating multiple mid-to-high-end senior healthcare enterprises; and invested in
     Chongqing Terminus Technology Co., Ltd. (“Terminus”), a company cultivating in the Artificial Intelligence
     (“AI”) and Internet of Things (“IoT”) industry. Meanwhile, CEL also invests in financial assets to achieve a
     balance in return and liquidity in its Principal Investments Business in due course. In addition, CEL holds a
     portion of the equity interests of China Everbright Bank Company Limited (“China Everbright Bank”) and
     Everbright Securities Company Limited (“Everbright Securities”) as Cornerstone Investments.



     1
          Total assets under management refer to the committed capital of fund investors (including CEL as an investor) in the case of
          primary market investment and Fund of Funds market investment, and refer to the net asset value of funds in the case of
          secondary market investment.




8
                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023




                                                               49.74%




      FUND MANAGEMENT BUSINESS                                      PRINCIPAL INVESTMENTS BUSINESS

  PRIMARY            SECONDARY               FUND OF                 KEY
                                                                                      FINANCIAL             CORNERSTONE
  MARKET               MARKET                 FUNDS               INVESTEE
                                                                                     INVESTMENTS             INVESTMENTS
INVESTMENTS         INVESTMENTS            INVESTMENTS           COMPANIES

  Divesified funds including primary market funds (including       Key Investee Companies: focusing on aircraft full life-cycle
  real estate private funds under EBA Investments),                services, senior healthcare services and AIoT
  secondary market funds and Fund of Funds
                                                                   Financial Investments: financial investments in equity,
  Invests in both domestic and overseas markets, including         debts and structured products
  USD and RMB-denominated products
                                                                   Cornerstone Investments: a portion of the equity interests
  Total assets under management amounting to                       in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities
  approximately HK$126.2 billion, of which seed capital
                                                                   The total asset value of the Principal Investments Business
  committed by CEL accounts for approximately 27%, with an
                                                                   amounting to approximately HK$32.1 billion
  amount of approximately HK$33.6 billion




                                                                                                                                  9
     2023 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT HIGHLIGHTS


     REVIEW OF BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS IN 2023
     In 2023, China’s private equity continued to slump under pressures. Amid a complex and volatile internal and external
     environment, foreign capital outflow accelerated due to various factors, including high interest rates, and a lack of investor
     confidence, resulting in a historic low in the overall market valuation. The slump in the capital market affected the overall
     performance of the Company, especially unrealised losses from valuation declines. Despite the depressed market, the
     Company actively addressed adverse factors, conducted strategic transformation and advanced layout for future business, and
     therefore achieved stabilization and improvements in many aspects. During the reporting period, CEL continued to accelerate
     its transformation towards an “Asset-light” strategy, steadily furthering the establishment and fundraising of new funds. CEL
     successfully completed the establishment of CEL Yixing Fund (光控宜興基金) and the registration of CEL Kunshan Fund (光控昆
     山基金). Meanwhile, CEL fully exited from projects with exceptional exit opportunities, exiting HK$7.458 billion in aggregate and
     recorded overall gains of approximately HK$2.776 billion. Among these, exits from the CEL Global Investment Fund and the
     Walden CEL Global Fund brought in performance fee of HK$153 million and HK$175 million, respectively. During the year under
     review, with a focus on core responsibilities and business, the Company optimised its investment layout with its principle of
     “grasping new developing opportunities, implementing new development concepts, constructing new development patterns
     and promoting high-quality development” (三新一高). As such, CEL was able to adjust its existing portfolio and optimise
     incremental investments. During the reporting period, the Company’s Fund Management Business turned losses into profits
     due to the improvement in performance and increased valuation of some investment projects. As of the end of 2023, there are
     235 post-investment projects among the primary market funds under management, covering high-growth industries such as
     healthcare, new energy, semiconductors and high-end manufacturing.

     During the reporting period, CEL focused on its core responsibilities and businesses, reinforced in fundraising, investment,
     management and exit business, strengthened internal control and continued to improve risk resistance capacity. CEL also
     promoted its high-quality development through gradual transformation and achieved significant progress in the following areas:


                                             Proceeding fundraising steadily: Despite difficulties in fundraising, CEL Yixing Fund
                                             was newly established and raised funds of HK$1.324 billion successfully. The new
                                             fund will mainly focus on industries including energy conservation, environmental
                                             protection, integrated circuit, and new energy, with a vision to serving the economy of
                                             the Yangtze River Delta region.

                                             Achieving a notable gain from exits: Recouped HK$7.458 billion in total from the exit
                                             business including Ambrx, Henan BCCY Environmental Energy, Reactor
                                             Microelectionics, Haitai New Energy, Three’s Company Media and XPENG Motors,
      Core business                          realising an overall gain of approximately HK$2.776 billion against costs, and recorded
                                             a multiple on invested capital (MOIC) of approximately 1.6 x.

                                             Winning multiple authoritative awards: CEL secured several annual industry awards,
                                             including “TOP8 Best Return State-Owned Direct Investment Institutions of 2023”
                                             (2023年國資直投機構最佳回報TOP8), “TOP10 Private Equity Investment Institutions
                                             Most Coveted by LPs in China”(中國最受LP關注的私募股權投資機構TOP10), “TOP30
                                             Best PE Institutions in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area”(粵港澳大
                                             灣區最佳PE機構TOP30), and “TOP20 Best Market-oriented Fund of Funds in China”
                                             (中國最佳市場化母基金TOP20).


                                             Supporting the development of innovation and technology in Hong Kong: The
                                             incubator at China Everbright Hong Kong Innovation Centre introduced 7 new
      Project reserves                       enterprises and attracted the first foreign enterprise, exceeding the annual target. It
                                             also successfully held the “New Opportunities in Hong Kong’s Innovation and
                                             Technology & Everbright’s New Development Strategy” seminar.




10
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023




                                       Serving key regional development: CEL strengthened its layouts in key industries
                                       in line with major regional developments. Continuous efforts were made to deepen
                                       the layouts in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Yangtze River Delta and the
                                       Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, driving the high-quality
                                       development of these regions.

                                       Serving national strategies: CEL placed an emphasis on major national strategic
                                       areas such as technology, green development, manufacturing, and strategic
                                       emerging industries, increased investment in the real economy. CEL further
                                       promoted the deep integration of business chains and expanded new economic
                                       growth opportunities.


                                       Optimizing debt structure: In the third quarter of 2023, CEL successfully issued the
                                       first and second tranches of medium-term notes with a total issuance scale of RMB6
                                       billion. The second tranche of medium-term notes represented the Company’s first
                                       perpetual bonds issued domestically, completing the replacement of overseas US
                                       dollar-denominated perpetual capital securities, continuously optimising the capital
                                       structure.
 Operational capability
                                       Enhancing corporate governance: CEL strengthened and improved various risk
                                       control and corporate governance frameworks, aimed at building a more robust and
                                       effective corporate governance structure. CEL also enhanced efficiency and safety
                                       during decision-making and business processes, ensuring the long-term stable
                                       development of the enterprise.


                                       Fulfilling social responsibilities: Focused on Hong Kong’s “grassroots families” and
                                       “youth groups”, CEL organised volunteer activities such as “Grassroots School
                                       Sports Fun Day” (基層學校運動同樂日), “Grassroots Schools STEM Day” (基層學校
                                       STEM日), Mid-Autumn Festival gift bag distribution under the theme of “A Joyful
                                       Mid-Autumn Festival for Family Reunion” (情滿中秋團圓共樂), and “Everbright’s Care
                                       for the Community” (光大愛心進社區). CEL fully supported the Hong Kong
 Environmental, social and             delegation’s participation in the first National Student (Youth) Games held in Guangxi,
   governance (ESG)                    promoting the development of sports in Hong Kong.

                                       Improving ESG management policy continuously: CEL continued improving and
                                       optimising the ESG management policy by issuing separate and self-contained ESG
                                       reports to disclose information in relation to responsible investment and TCFD. CEL’s
                                       MSCI ESG rating was promoted to BBB level, achieving continuous improvement in
                                       ESG ratings.


The Company’s Panda Bonds insurance terms during the year in 2023 are set out in the table below:

 Issuance date            Financing arrangements and uses of proceeds                                          Issuance size
                                                                                                                     (RMB)

 September 2023           Issuance of 2023 perpetual medium term notes, the proceeds from which                       2 billion
                          after deducting the underwriting fees for the first year were used to
                          redeem the US$300 million senior perpetual capital securities of the
                          Company.

 August 2023              Issuance of 2023 first tranche medium term notes, the proceeds from                         4 billion
                          which (after deducting the underwriting fee for the first year) were used
                          for the repayment of the Company’s indebtedness and the related interest
                          expenses.



                                                                                                                                  11
     2023 Business Development Highlights | Continued




                                                        INCOME FROM CONTRACTS
     TOTAL AMOUNT OF INCOME                             WITH CUSTOMERS
     (HK$ hundred million)                              (HK$ hundred million)


                             59.85
          55.19      55.92

                                                                                        8.43
                                                                                               7.92

                                                                                6.59
                                               16.61          6.12
                                                                        5.40




                                     (44.84)

          2019       2020    2021     2022      2023          2019      2020    2021    2022   2023




     (LOSS)/INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS                     DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIO
     (HK$ hundred million)                              (%)




                     43.38   43.15                                     36.5%    38.0%
          37.24                                               36.2%




                                               (4.89)




                                     (58.86)
                                                                                        N/A    N/A
          2019       2020    2021     2022      2023          2019      2020    2021    2022   2023




12
                                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




BASIC (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE                                               GEARING RATIO#
(HK$)                                                                         (%)


                                  1.53
                                                                                                                                  95%
        1.33         1.34                                                                                                86.9%


                                                                                    70.7%                    68.4%
                                                                                                63.9%

                                                           (1.14)




                                               (4.42)

        2019        2020         2021          2022         2023
                                                                                    2019         2020         2021       2022     2023




(LOSS)/PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO                                                 TOTAL EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO
SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY                                                   SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
(HK$ hundred million)                                                         (HK$ hundred million)



        22.7                     25.73
                    22.64
                                                                                                              469.36
                                                                                                 454.37
                                                                                    415.91

                                                                                                                         344.89
                                                                                                                                  309.90
                                                           (19.23)




                                              (74.43)
        2019        2020          2021         2022         2023                     2019         2020         2021      2022      2023




Note:
#
        It is calculated as interest-bearing debt (including bank loans + notes payable + bonds payable)/total equity.



                                                                                                                                              13
     2023 REVIEW


     BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT


         In 2023, in the face of complex internal and
         external environment, CEL took the initiative to
         respond and actively develop, achieving stability
         while making progress, showing a trend of
         stabilization and recovery in many aspects, and
         the Company’s foundation for high-quality
         development has been further consolidated.



     Important Business Developments




           Xiao i Robot, a leading Chinese cognitive intelligence company
           invested by the Venture Capital and New Energy Fund Department
           of CEL, was officially listed on NASDAQ in the United States.




                        The first phase of 光控宜興 Fund-of-Funds (that is 光控宜興產業 Investment Series
                        Fund-of-Funds) has been fully funded, reflecting a substantial progress of the
                        cooperation between CEL and the Yixing Municipal Government in the field of funds.




                                                        Guangzhou CEL Guangzhou-Hong Kong-Macao Youth Venture
                                                        Fund “Guangzhou CEL Fund-of-Funds” managed by CEL Fund-
                                                        of-Funds jointly organized the Guangzhou Government and
                                                        Enterprise Seminar, “Working Together to Develop the Future
                                                        with Technologies”, with the Guangzhou Science and
                                                        Technology Bureau, which helped accurately connecting
                                                        investment projects with the government investment promotion
                                                        policies, implementing the national strategy of the Guangdong-
                                                        Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and assisting the high-
                                                        quality development of Guangzhou.




14
                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023




CEL successfully issued the first and second tranches of medium-term notes in 2023 and continued to
optimize its capital structure.

“Kunshan Fund”, a fund of 光控數字產業母基金合夥企業(有限合夥) under CEL in Kunshan Development
Zone, has completed the first paid-in capital contribution and registration with the Asset Management
Association of China, marking the completion of the establishment of Kunshan Fund.

4Paradigm, China’s largest platform-centric artificial intelligence solution provider invested by CEL’s New
Economy Fund, was officially listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                   Dekon Food and Agricultural Group invested by CEL’s
                                                   Consumer Fund was officially listed on the Mainboard of the
                                                   Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




 MSCI, the international authoritative index agency, announced the 2023
 ESG (environmental, social and governance) rating results of CEL. With
 its continued excellent performance in ESG, CEL’ s MSCI ESG jumped to
 BBB level, achieving continuous improvement.




                                                           CEL sponsored the activity organized by the Hong
                                                           Kong Young Scientists Association, “Millions of
                                                           Youths Seeing the Motherland — Thousands of
                                                           Doctors Travel to China”.




                                                                                                                 15
     2023 REVIEW | Continued




            CEL organized employee representatives to visit the
            “Photo Exhibition to Commemorate the 45th Anniversary
            of Reform and Opening Up and the 10th Anniversary of
            the Joint Construction of the Belt and Road Initiative”
            held in the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Center.




                                                                   CEL actively responded to the call of the Hong Kong SAR
                                                                   government and actively participated in the youth
                                                                   development program, “Strive and Rise Programme” by
                                                                   inviting 100 students and mentors to watch the Hong Kong
                                                                   Ballet’s “La Bayadère” performance to promote art and
                                                                   culture and expand the horizons of Hong Kong youth.




            CEL and HandsOn, a local social enterprise,
            organized the first “Grassroots School Sports
            Fun Day” and the second “Grassroots Schools
            STEM Fun Day” to encourage students to
            exercise and study hard, cultivate their interest in
            science, and grow up actively and healthily.




                                                                      CEL continues to care for the community and grassroots
                                                                      families, and organized a volunteer team to donate
                                                                      material packages to households in subdivided housing in
                                                                      Kwun Tong District.




16
                                                                                        CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023




AWARDS AND HONOURS IN 2023



    In 2023, CEL and its professional funds won a
    number of authoritative awards and honours in
    the industry, affirming CEL’ s status as an
    industry-leading cross-border asset
    management and investment institution.




Awards Received by the Company




                                CEL was awarded the title of “Top 8 State-owned Direct
                                Investment Institutions in 2023” by China-fof.com.




                                           CEL was awarded the titles of “Top 30 Private Equity Funds in the
                                           Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area” and “Top 100
                                           State-owned Investors” by ChinaVenture for 2023.




          CEL was selected among the “Top 50 Influential PE Investment
          Institutions in China”, “Top 50 Influential State-owned Investment
          Institutions in China” and “Top 100 Influential Investment
          Institutions in China” by China Venture Capital Research Institute
          (“CVCRI”) for 2023.




                                                                                                                     17
     2023 REVIEW | Continued




             CEL was ranked the 7th in “Top 10 Investment Institution Soft Power GP in 2023” by
             FOFWEEKLY.




     Awards Received by CEL’s Professional Funds




                                                                       CEL Fund-of-Funds (“FoF”):

                                                                       Received the titles of “Top 20 Chinese FoFs”, “Top
                                                                       30 Most Popular FoFs Among GPs” and “Top 30
                                                                       Venture Capital LPs in China” from ChinaVenture
                                                                       in 2023.




                                         Received the title of “China’s most GP-focused market-based
                                         FoF” from 36kr.com.




                               Received the title of “Top 20 Best Market-Based FoFs in
                               China in 2022-2023” from Chinese Venture.




                        Received the title of “2023 Best Returns State-owned Market-oriented
                        FoFs Top 7” by china-fof.com.




18
                                                                                        CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023




                     CEL New Economy Fund received the title of “Soft Power Ranking
                     of Investment Institutions — New Economy TOP20” from
                     FOFWEEKLY.




              Funds managed by China Everbright Assets Management Limited, a secondary market fund
              management platform:

              Everbright Convertible Opportunities Fund received the “Best Asian (excluding Japan) Fixed-
              income Hedge Fund (3-year)”, “Best Asian (excluding Japan) Fixed-income Hedge Fund (5-
              year)” and “Asian (excluding Japan) Fixed-income Hedge Fund (5-year)” awards from Insights
              & Mandates.




Corporate Social Responsibility and Human Resources Awards



        CEL and China Everbright Charitable Foundation were
        awarded the “Caring Company” and “Caring
        Organisation” logos for the 13th consecutive year.




               Awarded the “Happy Company 5 years+”                      Awarded the “Sport-Friendly Action”
               logo for the 9th consecutive year.                        Decal for the 4th consecutive year.




                                             Won the Bronze Award of the “Privacy-Friendly Awards 2023” from
                                             the Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data, Hong Kong
                                             for the first time.




                                                                                                                     19
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                 Laying the foundation for
            development, steering the course of
                  transformation steadily,
            and advancing firmly on the path of
                 high-quality development




     In 2023, affected by the dampened and unbalanced economic       decided to transform towards engaging in fund management
     recovery around the world amidst complicated and ever-          business in 2010. This decision enabled the Company to
     changing regional situations, the global economic               record a rapid growth as it diligently consolidated its resilient
     development decelerated for the third consecutive year. It      development cornerstone. In 2023, China’s private equity
     remains a significant challenge for the world’s major           investment industry encountered various challenges in terms
     economies to effectively strike a balance between “curbing      of fundraising, investment and exit, with increasing entry
     inflation” and “sustaining economic stability”. At the annual   barriers and accelerating sector differentiation and
     meeting of the World Economic Forum in 2024, Børge              realignment. Against this backdrop, the operations of the
     Brende, the president of the World Economic Forum, stated       Company improved compared to 2022, although overall
     that China, with its enormous market capacity, would            profitability was still materially impacted. Facing difficulties
     continue to be a major engine for global economic growth.       and challenges such as insufficient demand from the
     Looking back on 2023, China’s economy picked up a steady        macroeconomy and a complex and volatile external
     development momentum, with stable improvement in supply         environment, the Company remained confident and
     and demand, efficient transformation and upgrade, overall       committed. With a focus on its principal asset management
     stability in employment and prices, effective protection of     business, the Company adhered to its prudent approach for
     people’s livelihood, and solid progress in high-quality         serving the “Dual-Circulation” new development pattern,
     development. The GDP achieved a year-on-year growth of          promoting high-quality development of investee companies
     5.2%, successfully meeting the main anticipated target.         and fully supporting the national strategies and the real
                                                                     economy. After years of rapid growth, CEL is at a critical
     Being a cross-border asset management and private equity        period of adjustment characterised by multiple overlapping
     investment company growing alongside Hong Kong, CEL has         phases. This adjustment involves reviewing and optimising
     weathered many market cycles and challenges over the past       the sustainable development of existing businesses, and
     26 years and continued to enhance its core competitiveness,     exploring the inherent and potential expansion of asset
     laying a solid foundation for its development. The Company      management business.
     has embarked on the private equity business since 2004 and




20
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




ANCHOR IN ASSET MANAGEMENT TO PROMOTE                             FACILITATING STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION TO
EFFICIENT FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENT                                   STIMULATE A VARIETY OF DEVELOPMENT
Despite the adverse conditions of the asset management            FORCES
sector, the Company was able to achieve several major
                                                                  A robust development foundation is key to the Company’s
accomplishments. Firstly, the Company overcame significant
                                                                  continuous growth and resilience against market fluctuations.
fundraising pressure and launched new funds with proceeds
                                                                  In 2023, the entire staff of CEL made arduous efforts as the
of approximately HK$1.324 billion. It steadily promoted the
                                                                  Company maintained its strategic direction and further
establishment of several new funds including the Zhejiang
                                                                  promoted innovations with an aim to remain stable amidst
Manufacturing Sub-Fund and CEL Infrastructure Investment
                                                                  cyclical changes of the industry. The Company concentrated
Fund II. Secondly, the Company prudently captured the
                                                                  its efforts on its asset management business while expanding
windows of investing in new energy, semiconductors and
                                                                  its development concepts in 2023. Focusing on developing
other industries and identified high-quality investment
                                                                  fund business, raising proceeds, identifying highlight
projects such as IOPSILION and Ganzhou HPY, which were
                                                                  performance and branding, the Company strived to refine,
awarded national awards. Thirdly, its three investee
                                                                  strengthen and optimise its asset management business.
companies, namely Dekon Food and Agriculture, Fourth
                                                                  Efforts were made to explored light asset business directions
Paradigm and Xiao-i Robot, were successfully listed,
                                                                  with development foundations and potential. The Company
strengthening the effectiveness of its financial services for
                                                                  also deepened its reforms in the asset management sector
the real economy. Fourthly, the Company was presented with
                                                                  and explored ways to increase the asset management scale
a number of authoritative industry awards and continuously
                                                                  of primary and secondary markets at home and abroad.
received recognition from the industry, including 2023 Top 8
                                                                  Leveraging its advantages in venture capital and equity
Best Returns State-owned Direct Investment Institutions,
                                                                  investments, the Company expanded the reserve of projects
2023 Top 50 Influential State-owned Investment Institutions
                                                                  with core competitiveness. It also guided more financial
in China and 2023 Top 100 Influential Investment Institutions
                                                                  resources towards promoting technological innovation,
in China. Its FoFs business also received the honour of
                                                                  advanced manufacturing, green development and other areas,
“China’s most GP-focused market-based FoF”.
                                                                  enabling its investment portfolio to focus on industries that
                                                                  feature competitive advantages and potential for growth.
In terms of strategic layout in China, CEL has also recorded
                                                                  Operating fundamentally within the asset management
satisfactory performance. In the Guangdong-Hong Kong-
                                                                  sector, the Company carried out in-depth research on industry
Macao Greater Bay Area, China Everbright Hong Kong
                                                                  investment strategies and bolstered its analysis of business,
Innovation Centre surpassed its annual objective for corporate
                                                                  industries and enterprises to enhance its investment and
integration, which marked a significant milestone with the
                                                                  research capabilities. This approach enabled the Company to
settlement of the first foreign enterprise within the zone. The
                                                                  seize long-term investment yields while mitigating risks
Company successfully co-hosted the Hong Kong Science and
                                                                  associated with cross-cycle investments. Committed to
Technology Seminar (香港創科研討會) and the Guangzhou
                                                                  supporting the implementation of both “bringing in” and
Government and Enterprise Seminar (廣州政企研討會). It also
                                                                  “going out” policies, the Company captured major
established the Hengqin project group, promoting the
                                                                  opportunities presented by the high level of financial liberation
construction of the talent training base of China Everbright in
                                                                  and the internationalisation of Renminbi. This commitment
the South China region. In the Yangtze River Delta region, the
                                                                  was part of a continuous drive of the Company to enhance its
CEL Yixing Industrial Investment FoFs (宜興光控產業投資系列
                                                                  comprehensive financial service capabilities.
母基金) was established in collaboration with the Yixing
Government, successfully securing the initial phase of funding
amounting to RMB1.2 billion. The first closing of CEL
Kunshan Fund was also completed, with the initial phase of
funding amounting to RMB300 million. In the central and
western regions, investment deployment for new materials,
lithium batteries, advanced manufacturing and other sectors
was expedited. Along the “Belt and Road” region, CALC, a
key investee company of CEL, delivered two ARJ21 aircraft
from COMAC to Indonesia, supporting the international
business expansion of China’s domestic aircraft industry.




                                                                                                                                      21
     Chairman’s Statement | Continued




     DEEPENING ESG STRATEGIES TO APPLY                               SUPPORTING PUBLIC WELFARE INITIATIVES AND
     CONCEPTS TO PRACTICE                                            ACTIVELY PARTICIPATING IN CHARITABLE
     CEL has always placed great emphasis on sustainable             ACTIVITIES TO BENEFIT THE COMMUNITY
     development and social responsibility. It has published
                                                                     For the benefit of the community and with a commitment to
     reports regarding its sustainable development for 12
                                                                     public welfare, CEL coordinates charitable activities and fulfills
     consecutive years since 2011. Based on the concept of long-
                                                                     its social responsibilities. In terms of charitable activities for
     term sustainable development, the Company has established
                                                                     the community, CEL focuses its efforts on grassroots families
     an ESG committee with a top-down structure to carry out
                                                                     and youth groups in Hong Kong. Volunteer teams of the
     ESG governance work in an integrated and systematic
                                                                     Company are gathered on a quarterly basis to visit grassroots
     manner and incorporate ESG principles into the business
                                                                     schools and communities. Their volunteer activities include
     decision-making process of the Company. The ESG
                                                                     “Grassroots School Sports Fun Day” (基層學校運動同樂日),
     committee also fully participates in fulfilling the goal of
                                                                     “Grassroots School STEM Day” (基層學校STEM日), Mid-
     “Green Everbright” of Everbright Group and implementing
                                                                     Autumn Festival gift bag distribution under the theme of “A
     the “carbon peak and neutrality” strategy of China. As a
                                                                     Joyful Mid-Autumn Festival for Family Reunion” (“情滿中秋
     leading cross-border asset management enterprise in China,
                                                                     團圓共樂”中秋節派送福袋) and “Everbright’s Care for the
     the Company has gradually incorporated ESG principles into
                                                                     Community” (光大愛心進社區). The Company actively
     its management decision-making process and further
                                                                     participates in the Strive and Rise Programme, a youth
     enhanced its ESG management level. Highly recognised by
                                                                     development campaign, in which it has recommended its
     rating agencies, the Company achieved a two-notch upgrade
                                                                     employees to take part as mentors and invited Hong Kong
     in MSCI ESG ratings to BBB. This reflects that the ESG
                                                                     students and teachers to watch performances by the Hong
     management of CEL has been regarded highly by the capital
                                                                     Kong Ballet. It fully supported the Hong Kong delegation
     market, and affirms the long-term investment value of the
                                                                     participating in the 1st National Student (Youth) Games held
     Company.
                                                                     in Guangxi in November, promoting the development of
                                                                     sports in Hong Kong. In terms of social responsibility, the
     STEPPING UP RISK PREVENTION EFFORTS WITH                        Company continuously deepens assistance for targeted
                                                                     groups and supports rural revitalisation. Further building on its
     PRUDENT MEASURES TO MITIGATE POTENTIAL                          achievements in poverty alleviation, the Company has
     RISKS                                                           launched and promoted various rural revitalisation measures,
                                                                     and organised activities to facilitate the distribution of
     In 2023, the Company continued to improve its compliance        agricultural products and enhance the income of farmers.
     management capabilities and took the initiative to adapt to     Regarding its care for employees, the Company organises
     more rigorous and stringent financial regulations in general.   cultural activities such as craft making, parent-child activities,
     Its structure was further streamlined for better internal       cultural heritage campaigns and other special cultural events
     control and compliance management to ensure that its            in celebration of major festivals such as Spring Festival,
     business development complies with regulations. The             Women’s Day, Mother’s Day, Youth Day, Children’s Day and
     Company strengthened and refined various risk control and       Mid-Autumn Festival. To mark the “919” CEL Day (“919”光
     corporate governance frameworks, aiming to build a more         控日), the Company hosted celebration activities across
     robust corporate governance structure while improving its       offices in five regions to foster an entrepreneurial spirit.
     decision-making efficiency and the security of its business
     procedures. In addition, with optimised organisational
     structure, well-established work mechanisms and more
     effective information technology initiatives, the Company
     maintained an efficient decision-making and organisational
     operation mechanism. Project exit measures were also
     bolstered to maximise cash flow and increase cash reserves.
     strengthen asset-liability maturity alignment management,
     develop contingency plans in a timely manner, and enhance
     risk resistance capabilities.




22
                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2023 was an extraordinary year. The Company has made its
utmost effort to deliver remarkable and hard-earned track
record. Recently, several international organisations and
commercial institutions have successively raised their growth
forecasts for China, casting a “vote of confidence” in the
economy of the China. CEL firmly believes that with the
steady improvement of the Chinese economy and the
continuous optimisation of the capital market environment,
the private equity industry in China will successfully navigate
through the current difficult period. CEL, with its professional
investment team, unique cross-border platform advantages,
sophisticated investment experience in industry and project
reserves, will continue to strictly follow market rules and
policy directions. Striving to closely align with national
strategies, the Company insists on serving the national
strategies and the real economy. It will further enhance its
project management and risk control capabilities in order to
capture opportunities during in the industry’s recovery phase
and achieve high-quality development.

Laying the foundation for development means remaining
resilient amidst changes, staying clear-headed in the face of
challenges, and maintaining sharpness in competition. This
foundation represents the past of CEL and also sets the tone
for future development. The focus of the Company is on
stability, establishing a solid base before making
breakthroughs, adhering to core responsibilities and
businesses, and continuously advancing its transformation
towards light-asset, high-quality development. As a participant
in the capital market, CEL remains firmly optimistic about
China’s economy. It will actively contribute to the financial
strength of the new era and place an emphasis on cross-
border investment and asset management. In pursuit of long-
term growth potential of specific industries from the
perspective of China, the Company will strive to integrate its
business and finance to serve the high-quality development
of China’s economy, share the development benefits of
China, and continuously create greater value for shareholders.




Yu Fachang
CHAIRMAN
22 March 2024




                                                                                                23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS




          In 2023, CEL actively addressed complex and
                   volatile market, focused on core
           responsibilities and businesses, reinforced in
            fundraising, investment, management and
           exit, strengthened internal control, improved
               risk resistance capacity and conducted
             strategic transformation actively, so as to
                 promote high-quality development.




24
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




REVIEW AND ANALYSIS
Macro-economic and Industry Review
Global economy experienced a downshift of growth rate in 2023, with a declining growth rate for two consecutive years.
Developed economies saw a significant slowdown, while growth rates of emerging economies remained at a similar level
compared to 2022. Under the spillover effect of the Federal Reserve’s interest rate hikes, the spot exchange rate of the
Renminbi (“RMB”) against the US dollar (“USD”) fell by 1,406 points in 2023, representing a decline of 2.02%. Benefiting from
the post-pandemic recovery of the supply chain, global inflation is cooling down in an orderly manner. Although the economic
growth has slowed, it remains resilient. Faced with a complex and volatile internal and external environment, China has
tightened its macro-control, adhering to the overall principle of seeking progress while maintaining stability. With various
measures in place, the economic recovery in China has gradually improved. The growth rate of export-oriented economies such
as the Asia-Pacific region has gradually stabilized, providing important support for the global economic recovery. As the effects
of macroeconomic policies gradually unfold, China shows an ongoing economic recovery, driving a revival in trade with relevant
partners with major anticipated goals achieved. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) reached RMB126 trillion, representing an
increase of 5.2% compared to 2022.

Reviewing the performance of major global stock markets in 2023, the Nasdaq index showed a gain of 44.2%, the highest
among major global stock indices; the Nikkei 225 gained 28.2% during the year, ranking second with the largest annual increase
since 2013; the Italian FTSE MIB index gained 28.0%, ranking third. The Chinese capital market was relatively weak, affected
by multiple factors such as the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy, geopolitical situations, and expectations of internal and
external economic. The Shanghai Composite Index fell by 3.7% during the year, and the ChiNext Index fell by more than 19.4%
during the year; the Hong Kong Hang Seng Index fell by 13.8% for the fourth consecutive year; the Hang Seng Technology
Index fell by 8.8% for the third consecutive year.

The China’s equity investment market continued to slump in 2023 due to macroeconomic influences. According to China
Venture (投中數據), the number of funds decreased by 4.7% year-on-year, with the fundraising market continuing its downturn
for years, with the subscribed capital of newly established funds decreasing by 9.4% year-on-year. The expansion and
penetration for the Government guiding funds was accelerated. Investment activities also slowed, decreasing by 12% year-on-
year in 2023. As for sectors that remained active, electronic information segment saw a 35% increase in investment cases. In
terms of exits, 415 Chinese enterprises successfully went public domestically and abroad through IPOs, while the exit rate of
return dropped to 374%.




                                                                                                                                    25
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE IN 2023
     Income

         Key income items
         (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                   2023                   2022               Change

         Income from contracts with customers,
           mainly including:                                                                         7.92                   8.43                  (6%)
           — Management fee income                                                                   1.82                   2.66                 (32%)
           — Performance fee and
            consultancy fee income                                                                   3.77                   3.90                   (3%)
         Net loss from investments,
           mainly including:                                                                       (4.89)                 (58.86)                 92%
           — Interest income                                                                        6.60                     5.64                 17%
           — Dividend income                                                                        9.92                   21.24                 (53%)
           — Realised (loss)/gain on investments                                                   (0.13)                    0.46                  N/A
           — Unrealised loss on investments                                                       (21.28)                 (86.34)                 75%
         Income/(loss) from other sources                                                          11.02                    (0.75)                 N/A
         Share of profits less losses of associates                                                 2.31                     6.17                (63%)
         Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                                             0.25                     0.17                 47%

         Total amount of income                                                                    16.61                 (44.84)                   N/A


     During the reporting period, the Group’s income from contracts with customers decreased by 6% as a result of, among others,
     a decrease in net asset value of secondary market funds and certain funds entering into the exit period. In addition, total
     amount of income2 of HK$1,661 million in 2023 turned around since net loss from investments decreased significantly, whereas
     a loss of HK4,484 million was recorded over the same period last year.

     The year-on-year change in income was mainly due to the following factors:

     (1)      In 2023, the Group’s income from contracts with customers was HK$792 million, representing a decrease of HK$51
              million when compared with the same period last year. Specifically, management fee income was HK$182 million,
              representing a decrease of HK$84 million when compared with the same period last year. It was mainly because of
              newly established funds still in fundraising stage, cessation of management fee from certain funds since entering into
              exit period, redemption of secondary market funds from certain investors, and exit of certain funds, leading to the decline
              in AUM as well as the decline in management fee income. Additionally, performance fee and consultancy fee income
              were HK$377 million, representing a decrease of HK$13 million when compared with the same period last year.




     2
              Total amount of income is calculated as income from contracts with customers + net loss from investments + income/(loss) from other
              sources + share of profits less losses of associates + share of profits less losses of joint ventures. “Total amount of income” is a measure
              used by the management of the Group for monitoring business performance and financial position. It may not be comparable to similar
              measures presented by other companies.



26
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




(2)   The Group’s net loss from investments was HK$489 million, whereas net loss from investments of HK$5,886 million
      was recorded during the same period last year. Specifically, dividend income was HK$992 million, representing a year-on-
      year decrease of HK$1,132 million, which was mainly due to a non-recurring dividend income of approximately of HK$812
      million incurred from exit in early 2022. Realised loss on investments was HK$13 million, whereas realised gain from
      investments of HK$46 million was recorded during the same period last year. Unrealised loss on investments was
      HK$2,128 million, representing a significant reduction of loss by HK$6,506 million as compared with the same period last
      year. The loss was mainly because (i) in Principal Investments Business, the unrealised loss of HK$1,799 million recorded
      from financial investments (as at the end of 2022, the carrying value of financial investments was HK$8,640 million)
      mainly due to valuation decline of certain investment projects; and recorded an unrealised loss of HK$448 million from
      the decrease in valuation of Key Investee Companies (as at the end of 2022, the carrying value of the Key Investee
      Companies was HK$2,793 million); (ii) in Fund Management Business, unrealised loss on primary market investments
      was HK$93 million which was mainly as a result of decrease in market value or valuation of certain projects invested (as
      at the end of 2022, the carrying value of primary market investment was HK$15.509 billion); as affected by the increase
      in market price, the secondary market investments recorded an unrealised gain of approximately HK$150 million (as at
      the end of 2022, the carrying value of secondary market investments was HK$4,054 million); unrealised gain on FoFs
      investments was HK$62 million (as at the end of 2022, the carrying value of FoFs investments was HK$7,646 million).

(3)   During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profits less losses of associates was HK$231 million, representing a
      decrease of HK$386 million when compared with the same period last year. The loss attributable to Everbright Jiabao
      increased by HK$601 million when compared with the same period last year, while the profit attributable to Everbright
      Securities increased by HK$193 million when compared with the same period last year.


Income from Key Business Segments

 Income from key business segments
 (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                             2023                2022

 — Income/(loss) from Fund Management Business                                                       10.01               (23.49)
 — Income/(loss) from Principal Investments Business                                                  6.60               (21.35)

 Total amount of income/(loss)                                                                       16.61               (44.84)


By business segment, the income from Fund Management Business of the Group during the reporting period was HK$1,001
million, whereas a loss of HK$2,349 million was recorded during 2022. Compared with a floating loss of HK$5,047 million in
2022, an unrealised gain of Fund Management Business of HK$119 million was recorded in 2023, due to the good performance
and increased valuation of certain investment projects held by the funds. Thus the income from Fund Management Business
improved significantly. The income from Principal Investments Business was HK$660 million (a loss of HK$2,135 million in
2022), in which the unrealised loss decreased to approximately HK$2,247 million from HK$3,587 million in 2022, it was
principally due to the further decline in market value and annual valuation of principal investment projects compared with last
year affected by market. In addition, the dividend income from China Everbright Bank and share of profit of Everbright Securities
in 2023 was HK$1,212 million in aggregate, representing an increase of HK$151 million as compared with the same period last
year.




                                                                                                                                    27
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




                                                                           Elimination          Management
                                                                  As of management                fee income
         Earned Management3                             presented in fee income from             received by                Other               Earned
         Fee Income                                     the financial    consolidated         associates/joint         accounting         Management
         (in HK$ hundred million)                              report            funds              ventures          adjustments          Fee Income
                                                                                    (a)                    (b)                 (c)

         Primary market                                           1.56                0.73                 1.57                0.10                 3.96
         Secondary market                                         0.13                0.25                    –                0.06                 0.44
         FoFs                                                     0.13                1.11                    –                0.07                 1.31

         Management fee income                                    1.82                2.09                 1.57                0.23                 5.71


     For the purpose of resource allocation and business performance evaluation, the management of the Group adopts Earned
     Management Fee Income as an additional financial measurement indicator. Earned Management Fee Income refers to the
     management fee income received by the Group as a fund manager in accordance with relevant agreements of fund
     management.

     During the reporting period, management fee income as presented in the financial report was HK$182 million. After making
     adjustments4 between the Earned Management Fee Income recognised by the Group for the reporting period and the
     management fee income presented in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (the total amount of three
     adjustments was HK$389 million), Earned Management Fee Income of the Group was HK$571 million, representing a year-on-
     year decrease of 26.8%. Specifically, Earned Management Fee Income of primary market was HK$396 million, representing a
     year-on-year decrease of 32%; Earned Management Fee Income of secondary market was HK$44 million, representing a year-
     on-year decrease of 38%; and Earned Management Fee Income of FoFs was HK$131 million, representing a year-on-year
     increase of 6%. The decrease in management fee income was mainly due to combined factors, such as newly established
     funds still in fundraising stage, cessation of management fee from those funds entering into exit period, decline in AUM of
     secondary market funds as a result of decrease in net assets, and the exit of certain funds.

         Profit in Key Business Segments
         (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                   2023                    2022               Change

         Profit/(loss) from Fund Management Business                                                2.76                  (38.10)                   N/A
         Loss from Principal Investments Business:                                                 (1.89)                 (31.93)                  94%
           — Key investee companies                                                                (5.41)                 (12.23)                  56%
           — Financial investments                                                                 (8.60)                 (30.45)                  72%
           — Cornerstone investments                                                               12.12                   10.75                   13%
         Less: Unallocated corporate expenses, taxes and profit
             attributable to holders of senior perpetual capital securities                        (20.10)                  (4.40)              >100%

         Loss attributable to shareholders of the Company                                          (19.23)                (74.43)                  74%




     3
             The Earned Management Fee Income is a measure used by the management of the Group for monitoring business performance and
             financial position. It may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.
     4
             The adjustments between the Earned Management Fee Income recognised by the Group for the current reporting period and the
             management fee income presented in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards include (a) elimination of
             management fee income from consolidated funds: the Group acts as both the fund manager and the major limited partner in certain funds,
             where the management fee paid by the fund and the management fee income received by the fund manager is eliminated when
             consolidating into the Group’s consolidated financial statements; (b) management fee income received by associates/joint ventures: (i) the
             Group acts as the joint fund manager through the establishment of a joint venture with a third party, and the management fees received
             by such joint venture are presented as the Group’s share of profits from the joint venture; (ii) Everbright Jiabao, an associate of the Group,
             holds 51% interest in EBA Investments, which is included in Everbright Jiabao’s scope of consolidation. The Group holds the remaining
             49% interest in EBA Investments through another subsidiary and such interest is accounted for as financial assets. The management fee
             income of EBA Investments is reflected in the share of profits of associates of the Group; and (c) other accounting adjustments.



28
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




During the reporting period, the loss attributable to shareholders of the Company was HK$1,923 million, whereas loss of
HK$7,443 million was recorded last year. Reasons for loss:

(1)   Gain from Fund Management Business was HK$276 million, whereas loss of HK$3,810 million was recorded last year,
      mainly because the income of investment projects held by funds turned around and amounted to HK$119 million
      compared with the floating loss of HK$5.047 billion in the same period of 2022 due to increase in the valuation of such
      projects.

(2)   Loss from Principal Investments Business was HK$189 million, whereas loss of HK$3,193 million was recorded last year.
      It was mainly due to the decrease of HK$1.340 billion in the unrealised loss of investment projects held by the end of
      2023 compared with the same period last year, and an increase in the profit and income contribution from the Group’s
      equity interests of Everbright Securities and China Everbright Bank respectively, offsetting the decrease in the valuation
      of certain projects invested.


Dividends

 Per share
 (HK$)                                                                             2023                2022              Change

 Loss per share                                                                    (1.14)              (4.42)               74%
 Interim dividend per share                                                         0.15                0.15                   –
 Final dividend per share                                                           0.10                0.15               (33%)
 Total dividend per share                                                           0.25                0.30               (17%)


Loss after tax attributable to shareholders of the Company for the period was HK$1,923 million, and net cash inflow from
operating activities and investing activities was HK$3,177 million and HK$1,704 million, respectively. In the reporting period, the
Group recorded a significant reduction on loss, while the liquidity being sufficient and the overall financial, business and
operating conditions remaining solid. Following the practice of sharing the Company’s operating results with shareholders, the
Board declared final dividend of HK$0.10 per share for 2023 (2022 final dividend: HK$0.15 per share).




                                                                                                                                      29
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Key Financial Ratios

          Key Financial Data5                                                            2023                 2022                  Change

          Gearing ratio6
                                                                                       95.0%                86.9%                   +8.1 ppt
          Net gearing ratio7                                                           86.4%                81.2%                   +5.2 ppt
          Debt-to-asset ratio8                                                         57.1%                55.2%                   +1.9 ppt
          Current ratio9                                                              109.5%               109.8%                    -0.3 ppt


     The Group executed refined cost control to reduce carbon emissions at the operation level and boosted operating efficiency
     through technological and electronic methods. Operating costs10 for 2023 amounted to HK$907 million, representing a year-on-
     year decrease of 1.4%.

     As at the end of December 2023, the gearing ratio of the Group was 95.0%, representing an increase of 8.1 ppt compared to
     the end of 2022. This was mainly attributable to, among others, the exchange difference arising from the translation of financial
     statements due to the depreciation of RMB against the HKD, the decline in share price of its holdings in China Everbright Bank
     and the distribution of dividends. As at the end of December 2023, cash reserve of the Group increased. If netting off the
     available cash of HK$2,927 million (HK$2,143 million of available cash as at the end of 2022), net gearing ratio increased by 5.2
     ppt to 86.4% as compared with the end of 2022. As at the end of December 2023, the Group’s total equity decreased to
     HK$34.1 billion from HK$37.9billion as at the end of last year, leading to an increase in the gearing ratio passively. Total interest-
     bearing liability at the end of December 2023 was HK$32.4 billion, representing a decrease of HK$500 million from HK$32.9
     billion at the end of last year.

     As at the end of December 2023, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$9.6 billion and unutilised
     available bank facilities of approximately HK$14.1 billion, representing sufficient liquidity and a solid financial condition.




     5
              Gearing ratio, debt-to-asset ratio and current ratio are the measures used by the management of the Group for monitoring business
              performance and financial position. These may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies
     6
              The gearing ratio is calculated as interest-bearing debt (including bank loans + bonds payable)/total equity x 100%
     7
              Net gearing ratio is calculated as (interest-bearing debt – available cash)/total equity
     8
              Debt-to-asset ratio is calculated as total liabilities/total assets x 100%
     9
              The current ratio is calculated as current assets/current liabilities x 100%
     10
              Operating costs include staff costs, depreciation and amortisation expenses and other operating expenses



30
                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023




BUSINESS PERFORMANCE IN 2023
Fund Management Business
The total AUM of CEL’s funds reached approximately HK$126.2 billion as at 31 December 2023, representing a decrease of
approximately HK$39.2 billion compared to the end of last year. During the reporting period, one new fund was established,
with proceeds of approximately HK$1.324 billion. The decrease in AUM was mainly attributable to, firstly, the adjustment of
statistical criteria and withdrawal due to maturity of certain funds; secondly, the AUM of secondary market funds decreased
due to the impact of redemptions and the decrease in net asset value; and thirdly, the decline in the exchange rate of RMB
against HKD, resulting in a decrease in AUM in Hong Kong dollar terms.

The source of funding of CEL’s funds is extensive, where external investors are primarily institutional investors, with a
diversified institutions covering commercial banks, insurance companies, family offices, government agencies and others. In
terms of currency, funds denominated in RMB and non-RMB currencies were equivalent to approximately HK$98.832 billion
and HK$27.388 billion, accounting for 78% and 22% of the total amount, respectively. In terms of the nature of funds, the
Company’s Fund Management Business included 43 primary market funds, 21 secondary market funds and discretionary
accounts, and 9 FoFs products.

During the reporting period, CEL tailored to the circumstances to make prudent investment decisions to exit from prevailing
projects. The Fund Management Business made capital contributions of approximately HK$420 million to a total of 17 projects,
and exited, fully or partially, from 82 projects, recording a cash inflow of approximately HK$4.584 billion.


  BY FUND
  BUSINESS SEGMENTS                          BY CURRENCY                               BY SOURCE OF CAPITAL


      21%                                    22%                                       27%


 5%




                                74%                                      78%                                       73%

      Primary market fund                      AUM denominated in RMB                     External capital
      Secondary market fund                    AUM denominated in                         CEL’s seed capital
      FoFs                                     non-RMB currencies




                                                                                                                               31
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Primary Market Funds
     As at 31 December 2023, 43 primary market fund products were under the management of CEL, with an aggregate AUM
     equivalent to approximately HK$93.3 billion, investing in various industries including semiconductors, industrial internet and
     high-end manufacturing. CEL also actively explored potential opportunities in AI, new materials and other sectors. By currency,
     amounts equivalent to approximately HK$71.5 billion and approximately HK$21.8 billion were denominated in RMB and other
     currencies, accounting for 77% and 23% of the total amount, respectively. During the reporting period, CEL combined transfer,
     IPO and other diversified exit channels, exiting projects including Ambrx, Henan BCCY Environmental Energy, Reactor
     Microelectronics, Haitai New Energy, Three’s Company Media and XPENG Motors to generate a favorable return on investment
     and cash inflow for the Company.

     Leveraging the diversified fund structure and leading full value chain capabilities, CEL’s primary market fund maintained a cross-
     border portfolio from the “Perspective of China”, and invested in new industries and fields with relative low risk and high
     efficiency by collaborating with multiple GPs. During the reporting period, CEL was honored with various awards, including
     “2023 TOP50 Influential PE Investment Institutions in China” by China Venture Capital Research Institute, the “TOP50 Best
     Hard-Tech Private Equity Investment Institutions (最佳硬科技私募股權投資機構TOP50)” by Jiazi Gravity, and the “2023 China
     Best State-owned investment institutions TOP100” by China Venture.


     Secondary Market Funds
     As at 31 December 2023, CEL’s secondary market business managed a total of 21 funds and discretionary accounts with AUM
     in terms of net worth of approximately HK$6.1 billion. In terms of product categories, fixed-income products and equity
     products accounted for 95% and 5% of the total AUM respectively.

     By leveraging on its investment capabilities, CEL’s secondary market funds have built a one-stop portfolio with years of cross-
     border experience, which covers Asian credit bond hedge funds, Asian convertible bond hedge fund, offshore Greater China
     equity hedge fund, onshore A+H shares long-only strategies funds (including private fund managers and institutional investors)
     and investment advisory business. CEL has a well diversified fixed income products covering offshore funds, QFII managed
     accounts, offshore managed accounts and asset securitization products. Everbright Convertible Opportunities Fund, a flagship
     Asian convertible bond product, delivered sound results during the reporting period. The fund received the “Best Asian Ex-
     Japan Hedge Fund (5-year)”, “Best Asian Ex-Japan Fixed-Income Hedge Fund (3-year)”, and “Best Asian Ex-Japan Fixed-
     Income Hedge Fund (5-year)” awards by the 2023 I&M Professional Investment Award, demonstrating the recognition of the
     Company’s investment capability and comprehensive strength by independent ranking agencies. Everbright Income Focus
     Fund, a public bond fund in Hong Kong being an investment advisor, which was awarded a five-star rating (the highest rating)
     by an authoritative fund rating agency, for overall rating and in five-year rating, for its superior performance and risk-adjusted
     returns.


     Fund of Funds
     CEL’s FoFs not only invested in external funds with proven track records and robust governance, but also invested in funds
     launched and managed by the Company, and co-invested or directly invested in equity projects. As at 31 December 2023, the
     FoFs team managed 9 FoFs with an AUM equivalent to approximately HK$26.816 billion. The Company’s FoFs business has
     established an investment matrix primarily targeting information technology, biopharmaceuticals, consumption and
     entertainment, and technology manufacturing, with active collaborations with well-established major (white horse) managers,
     emerging and promising (dark horse) managers, and leading managers in specialized sectors across both domestically and
     internationally. As at 31 December 2023, there were 95 invested projects (sub-funds and direct investment projects) under the
     FoFs, and a total of 147 investees in the underlying projects of invested sub-funds and direct investment projects under the
     FoFs were listed. During the reporting period, 19 new enterprises were listed, all of which came from the underlying projects of
     sub-funds. CEL’s FoFs team also promoted the listing declaration and exit of direct investment projects, dedicating to bring
     excellent returns to investors.

     CEL’s FoFs won industry recognition and various awards, further enhancing its brand and influence in the industry. During the
     reporting period, the Company’s FoFs were awarded the “Most Popular LP among Equity Investment Institutions” by the 7th
     Equity Investment Golden Bull Award, “2023 Best Returns State-owned Market-oriented FoFs TOP20” China FoF, “2022-2023
     Best Market-Oriented Chinese FoFs TOP20” by China Bridge, and “2023 TOP20 Best Chinese FoFs”, “TOP30 Most Popular
     Chinese FoFs Among GPs” and “2023 TOP30 Venture Capital LPs in China” by ChinaVenture.


32
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023




Real Estate Investment and Asset Management Business
As at 31 December 2023, CEL held 29.17% equity interest in Everbright Jiabao, an A-share listed company (stock code:
600622.SH), as its largest shareholder. Everbright Jiabao managed 54 projects through EBA Investments, including 21
investment management projects with a managed fund scale of approximately RMB24.443 billion (equivalent to approximately
HK$26.97 billion) and AUM of approximately RMB46.756 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$51.59 billion). In 2023,
Everbright Jiabao/EBA Investments adhered to the overall strategy of stable operation and continued to optimise the operating
condition of projects under management and endeavoured to boost the operating and management standards of projects. As at
the end of 2023, EBA Investments and its subsidiaries managed a total of 21 consumption infrastructure projects of IMIX Parks
in mainland China through fund investment or entrusted management, primarily located in consumption center cities in various
municipalities and provinces in China. In addition, EBA Investments continued to expand the business of real estate
construction and management projects under the brand of “安石建管”, and expanded and reserved a number of projects during
the year.

In 2023, EBA Investments was ranked first in the “Top 10 Enterprises in terms of Comprehensive Strength among China Real
Estate Funds” jointly appraised by the China Enterprise Evaluation Association, Property Research Institute of Tsinghua
University and Beijing China Index Academy for the ninth consecutive years. It was also honoured as one of the “China’s TOP
10 Real Estate Funds in terms of Competitive Strengthens” by the BRICS Forum for the eighth consecutive years. EBA (Beijing)
Investment Management Co., Ltd. (光控安石(北京)投資管理有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of EBA Investments, was
listed for the third time on the Class A list of private equity fund managers by the Insurance Asset Management Association of
China.


Principal Investments Business
CEL strives to achieve the following 3 objectives through its principal investments: (1) Key Investee Companies: investing in
and fostering enterprises with synergy between industry and finance and promising development prospects; (2) Financial
Investments: maintaining flexible liquidity management through investment in structured financing products and obtaining
stable interest income; capitalizing on the co-investment opportunities brought by the Fund Management Business and
participating in equity and related financial investments to obtain investment returns; (3) Cornerstone Investments: holding a
portion of the equity interest in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities to obtain stable dividends and investment
returns.

As at 31 December 2023, the Principal Investments Business managed 62 post-investment projects with an aggregate carrying
amount of approximately HK$32.1 billion. Among these projects, the total carrying amount of equity interest held in CALC,
Everbright Senior Healthcare and Terminus was approximately HK$4.7 billion; the fair value of Financial Investments was
approximately HK$9.2 billion; the fair value of the Cornerstone Investments in China Everbright Bank was HK$5.0 billion, and
the carrying amount of Everbright Securities accounted as an associate was HK$13.2 billion.

 Principal investments
 (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                          2023                2022

 — Key Investee Companies                                                                             47                 55
 — Financial Investments                                                                              92                113
 — Cornerstone Investments                                                                           182                181

 Total                                                                                               321                349




                                                                                                                                 33
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Key Investee Companies
     CALC
     As at 31 December 2023, CEL held 38.08% of the equity interest in CALC (stock code: 1848.HK), as the largest shareholder.
     CALC is a one-stop full life-cycle solutions provider for global airlines. CALC’s scope of business includes regular operations
     such as aircraft operating leasing, leaseback after purchase, aircraft asset portfolio transactions and asset management, and
     value-added services such as fleet planning, fleet upgrading, aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul, aircraft disassembling
     and recycling and aircraft parts selling. It also elevates aircraft asset value through flexible aircraft asset management. At the
     same time, CALC has the advantages of dual-platform financing, leasing and transaction channels, as well as a strong capability
     and rich experience in financing both domestically and abroad. As at 31 December 2023, CALC had a fleet of 192 aircraft with
     an increase of 16 aircraft from the end of 2022, consisting of 165 owned aircraft and 27 managed aircraft. CALC’s owned and
     managed aircraft are leased to 41 airlines in 20 countries and regions.


     Everbright Senior Healthcare
     Everbright Senior Healthcare seized the development opportunities in China’s healthcare industry. In addition to effectively
     responding to the epidemic and fully safeguarding the health of the elderly residents and staff, it constantly optimised the three-
     level elderly service model featuring institutional, community-based, and home-based elderly services, improved the ability of
     “Medical + Senior Healthcare”, “Insurance + Senior Healthcare” and “Service + Senior Healthcare”, and became a first-class
     healthcare service provider in China with strong presence and competitiveness in the senior healthcare segment. During the
     reporting period, Everbright Senior Healthcare has 190 institutional and community service centers covering more than 50 cities
     across the country, forming a deployment covering the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta, and Chengdu-
     Chongqing Economic Circle, with approximately 32,000 beds under management. Everbright Senior Healthcare has a good
     brand reputation in the market in terms of professional senior healthcare services, stringent quality control, convenient services,
     and diversified senior healthcare experiences, has been highly acclaimed by its customers, its peers and the government.
     According to the “Integrated Business Enterprises in the Impactful Healthcare Industry for 2023” published by Guandian in
     2023, it continued to rank the top position in the industry.


     Terminus
     During the reporting period, Terminus focused on high-growth business opportunities, continuously exploring new business
     scenarios and models. Its three laboratories made breakthrough research progress, with over twenty papers being included in
     top international academic conferences such as CVPR, ICCV and T-PAMI. It also released two new international and group
     standards. Furthermore, it joined hands with the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (Guangzhou) to establish the
     Joint Research Center for Digital World, aiming to promote the major research and applications of Artificial Intelligence of things
     (AIoT). In partnership with the Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences,
     Terminus established the Chongqing key laboratory of big data and intelligent computing. The laboratory focuses on basic and
     key technological researches based on an application-oriented approach, driven by the major technological needs of national
     and Chongqing’s economic and social development. Terminus was recognised as one of the Top 100 IoT Enterprises in 2023 by
     the China Internet Weekly, a key academic journal supervised by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, in collaboration with the
     eNet Research Institute (eNet研究院). It topped the list of the most commercially promising companies in the new energy and
     carbon neutrality sector released by the Jazz Year (甲子光年), a technological business think tank in China. It was also named
     among the “Top 50 AIGC Application Scenario Innovations of 2023” (「2023年度AIGC應用場景創新Top50」) by EqualOcean (億
     歐).




34
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




Financial Investments
CEL’s financial investments funded by its own capital cover the following aspects: (1) based on the investment/co-investment
opportunities brought by the Group’s funds and extensive business network, investing in the equity or debt of unlisted
companies; (2) investing in structured financing products with a balance in return and liquidity. As at 31 December 2023, CEL’s
financial investments amounted to HK$9.2 billion in various sectors including real estate, new economy and technology, artificial
intelligence, high-end manufacturing, and green investments, with the aggregate carrying value of the top 10 projects
amounting to HK$6.5 billion.


Cornerstone Investments
As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of a certain portion of equity interests in Everbright Securities and China
Everbright Bank held by the Group as cornerstone investments each accounted for more than 5% of the Group’s total assets
and the two investments were regarded as significant investments of the Group. These two cornerstone investments held by
the Group accounted for in aggregate 53.3% and 22.9% of the Group’s net assets and total assets, respectively.


Everbright Securities (601788.SH)
Established in 1996 with headquarters in Shanghai, Everbright Securities is one of the first 3 innovative pilot securities firms
approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. As at 31 December 2023, the Group held 956 million A-shares in
Everbright Securities, representing 20.73% of its total share capital, with an investment cost of HK$1,497 million. Everbright
Securities is accounted for as an associate of the Group. The carrying value of the shares held by the Group was HK$13.2
billion, accounting for 38.6% and 16.5% of the Group’s net assets and total assets respectively. Based on the closing price of
RMB15.42 per share as at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the shares in Everbright Securities held by the Group was
HK$16.3 billion. During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profit from Everbright Securities as an investment in associate
was HK$881 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.0%.


China Everbright Bank (601818.SH)
Established in August 1992, China Everbright Bank is a national joint-stock commercial bank approved by the State Council and
the People’s Bank of China. As at 31 December 2023, the Group held 1.57 billion A-shares in China Everbright Bank,
representing 2.66% of the total share capital of China Everbright Bank, with an investment cost of HK$1,407 million. The shares
in China Everbright Bank held by the Group are accounted for as equity investments designated at fair value through other
comprehensive income. Based on the closing price of RMB2.90 per share as at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount and
fair value of the shares in China Everbright Bank held by the Group amounted to HK$5.0 billion, accounting for 14.8% and 6.3%
of the Group’s net assets and total assets respectively. During the reporting period, the Group’s income from China Everbright
Bank was HK$331 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.2%.


OUTLOOK
Looking forward to 2024, as the adverse effects of supply disruption subsiding, the economy is less likely to face a hard landing.
The global economy is expected to demonstrate greater resilience subject to a balanced risk. However, due to factors such as
the slow exit from tight monetary policies, sluggish global trade and intensified geopolitical risks, economic growth is expected
to remain slow. Macroeconomic outlook reports for 2024 from various international institutions generally predict a slowdown in
global economic development. According to latest World Economic Outlook released by the International Monetary Fund in
January, China’s economic growth rate is estimated to be 4.6% for 2024, representing an upward revision of 0.4 percentage
points from its previous forecast. It also reflects the carry-over effect of stronger-than-expected economic growth of China in
2023. This is underpinned by the sustained effects of macroeconomic policies, full implementation of the “14th Five-Year
Plan”, support for the private economy, the development of emerging industries such as new energy, as well as other
favourable factors which may alleviate the downward pressure on China’s macroeconomy. Overall demand of China is expected
to recover and expand while the macroeconomic environment will continue to be subject to relatively relaxed policies, resulting
in the likelihood of normalised growth performance across all sectors. As external and internal positive factors for the currency
market continue to emerge, it may lay the basis and conditions for the appreciation of RMB against the USD. With the
deepening of the new development pattern and the continuous focus on new industry momentum, industries are expected to
enter a phase of balanced growth, driving to an optimistic expectation and promoting a positive economic cycle.




                                                                                                                                     35
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     In light of the above, CEL will capitalise on the favourable conditions in 2024 to further promote its high-quality growth. With a
     focus on its asset management business, the Company will develop in line with the “Dual Circulation” new development
     pattern, consistently bolster the core competitiveness of asset management, and persist in transitioning towards “Asset-light”
     strategy.

     In terms of fundraising, CEL’s focus will be on establishing a multi-channel financing mechanism catering to
     advantageous industries to enhance the quality of fundraising. By establishing diversified sources of funds, optimising the
     proportion of paid-in capital and management fee, CEL will be able to improve the efficiency, quality and stability of fundraising.
     Expanding the cross-market operations of both USD funds and RMB funds as a strategic priority will lay a solid foundation for
     the growth of the CEL’s AUM and revenue, forming a strong market competitiveness. In terms of investments, CEL will
     further develop specialised industries, strengthen industry researches and place CEL emphasis on long-term value. With
     a focus on industries with competitive advantages, particularly technological innovation companies, specialised and new
     enterprises, consumption and environmental companies, CEL will concentrate on the core business growth potential of
     investees and conduct in-depth research on policies, business and industries to align with national strategies. Efforts will be
     made to enhance research on market trends, improve sensitivity to industry dynamics and expand the project resource pool.
     CEL will also step up the due diligence of investment projects to ensure that investment decisions are made in an scientific and
     efficient manner in order to capture and nurture enterprises with sustainable growth potential. In terms of management, CEL
     will strengthen post-investment management and build solid lines of defence against risks. CEL will refine the
     management of investees and invested projects while improving asset management efficiency and transparency, so as to
     ensure investment projects to be “clear, manageable and rewarding”. Through regular risk assessment and monitoring, CEL
     will effectively prevent and control risks to ensure stable business development and avoid major risks. In terms of exit, CEL
     will continue to optimise exit strategies and expedite exit initiatives. Based on market conditions and asset characteristics,
     flexible exit choices for IPOs, mergers and acquisitions and equity transfers will be made available to exit from existing
     investment projects so as to recover funds. Focusing on the core value of each project and based on professional market
     analysis, CEL will capitalise on the long investment cycle of the private equity industry to formulate optimal exit plans.

     In the future, CEL will continue to pursue its core business of asset management and PE investment, while actively exploring
     the coverage of asset management services. Based on the principle of “grasping new developing opportunities, implementing
     new development concepts, constructing new development patterns and promoting high-quality development” (三新一高), CEL
     will optimise investment layout with a key focus on developing priority areas such as technological innovation, high-end
     manufacturing and green development. CEL will fully leverage the adjustment period under the industry policy to carry out
     business transformation and upgrade, with a view to facilitating the high-quality development of cross-border asset
     management. With entire staff working together with cohesion, CEL will maintain stable development and perseverance to
     make progress in the challenging market environment, striving to share the fruits of growth of the Company with shareholders.


     FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s total assets amounted to HK$79.588 billion (31 December 2022: HK$84.477 billion) with
     net assets amounting to HK$34.106 billion (31 December 2022: HK$37.877 billion). Equity attributable to the Company’s
     shareholders was HK$30.990 billion (31 December 2022: HK$34.489 billion) and equity attributable to shareholders of the
     Company per share was HK$18.39 (31 December 2022: HK$20.47).


     FINANCIAL RESOURCES
     The Group adopts a prudent approach in liquidity management to ensure liquidity risk control and reduce the cost of funds. The
     Group finances its operations primarily with internally generated cash flow and loan facilities from banks. As at 31 December
     2023, the Group had cash and bank balances of HK$9.588 billion (31 December 2022: HK$8.236 billion). Currently, most of the
     Group’s cash is denominated in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi.




36
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




BORROWING
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings amounted to HK$32.397 billion (31 December 2022:
HK$32.914 billion). The Group will review and ensure sufficient banking facilities to reserve resources to support its business
development. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had banking facilities of HK$32.694 billion (31 December 2022: HK$32.875
billion), of which HK$14.090 billion (31 December 2022: HK$11.958 billion) had not been utilised. The banking facilities were of
one to twelve years terms. The Group had an outstanding bank loan of HK$18.604 billion (31 December 2022: HK$20.917
billion), which decreased by HK$2.313 billion compared with 31 December 2022, of which HK$16.442 billion (31 December
2022: HK$18.591 billion) was unsecured. The Group had issued corporate bonds with an outstanding principal amount of
HK$13.793 billion (31 December 2022: HK$11.997 billion). The interest bearing borrowings were denominated in Renminbi,
Hong Kong dollars and United States dollars, representing 48%, 45%, 7% of the total respectively. As at 31 December 2023,
approximately 56% of the Group’s total principal amount of borrowing were at floating rates and the remaining 44% were at
fixed rates. The maturity profile of the Group’s borrowings is set out in note 35 of the Notes to the Financial Statements in this
report.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2023, no restricted deposits were pledged to a bank to secure a banking facility granted to the Group (31
December 2022: HK$664 million). Restricted bank balances of HK$57 million (31 December 2022: HK$46 million) were pledged
to the banks for sales of mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on borrowings, and no restricted
bank balances were used to secure certain bonds payable of the Group (31 December 2022: HK$244 million). Investment
properties, inventories and stocks with carrying values of HK$4,542 million (31 December 2022: HK$4,362 million), HK$230
million (31 December 2022: HK$383 million) and HK$1,475 million (31 December 2022: HK$1,563 million), respectively, and
were mortgaged to secure certain bank loans granted to the Group. Pursuant to the prime brokerage agreements entered with
the prime brokers of a fund held by the Group, cash and securities deposited with the prime brokers were secured against
liabilities to the prime brokers. As at 31 December 2023, assets deposited with the prime brokers included HK$1,417 million (31
December 2022: HK$1,514 million) and HK$16.4 million (31 December 2022: HK$0.5 million) which formed part of the Group’s
trading securities and debtors respectively. Analysis on collateral of the Group’s bank loans and bonds payable is set out in note
26 and note 28 of the Notes to the Financial Statements in this report.


EMPLOYEES
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s headquarters and wholly owned subsidiaries had 255 (31 December 2022: 273) full-time
employees. The Group ensures that the remuneration packages for employees are fair and competitive and are determined by
position, duties, experience and performance of employees. Other benefits to employees include medical insurance, retirement
scheme and training programmes.




                                                                                                                                     37
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     EBA YIDA
     In August 2020, Zhuhai EBA Yida Management Centre, L.P. (“EBA Yida”) was established by EBA Investments to use
     appropriate channels and methods to invest in real estate projects, primarily for urban renewal, focusing on investing in first-tier
     cities in China as well as second- and third-tier cities with a healthy and well-developed real estate market in China. The
     following table sets forth information on the major projects invested by EBA Yida during the reporting period:

      Name of Key Project                     Business Type                            Location        Investment Type

      Beijing Zhongguancun Project            Commercial complex                       Beijing         Convertible bonds
      Chongqing Chaotianmen Project           Commercial complex                       Chongqing       Fund interest investment
      EBA Centre Project                      Office and integrated commercial         Shanghai        Fund interest investment
      Parkview Place                          Office and integrated commercial         Beijing         Fund interest investment
      EBA Centre Hongqiao Project             Commercial complex                       Shanghai        Fund interest investment


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     Risk management is of fundamental importance to the business operation of the Group. The major types of risk inherent in the
     Group’s business are credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, currency risk and equity price risk. The Group’s risk
     management objectives are to maximise shareholders’ value and to reduce volatility in earnings while maintaining risk
     exposures within acceptable limits.

     The Group’s work in the area of risk management is executed by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and
     is led by the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. This functional
     structure can assess, identify and document the Group’s risk profile to ensure that the business units focus, control and
     systematically avoid potential risks in various business areas. The following is a brief description of the Group’s approach in
     managing these risks.


     (a)   Credit risk
           The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to advances to customers, accounts receivable, debt investments and
           unlisted derivative financial instruments.


           Credit risk management framework
           The Group has formulated a comprehensive set of credit risk management policies and procedures, and appropriate
           credit risk limits to manage and control credit risk that may arise. These policies, procedures and credit risk limits are
           regularly reviewed and updated to cope with the changes in market conditions and business strategies.

           The Group’s organisational structure establishes a clear set of authority and responsibility for monitoring compliance with
           policies, procedures and limits.

           The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance who reports directly to the Audit
           and Risk Management Committee, takes charge of credit risk management and is also responsible for the control of
           credit risk exposures of the Group in line with the credit risk management principles and requirements set by the Group.




38
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023




      Credit risk management is embedded within all business units of the Group. The first line of defense against undesirable
      outcomes is the business function and the respective line managers. Department heads of their own business areas take
      the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate credit risk controls. Risk Management, Legal and
      Compliance Department, which is independent from the business units, is responsible for the management of credit
      risks and it is an ongoing process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling credit risk to ensure effective
      checks and balances, as well as drafting, reviewing and updating credit risk management policies and procedures. It is
      also responsible for the design, development and maintenance of the Group’s internal rating system and it ensures that
      the system complies with the relevant regulatory requirements. Credit risk is approved by the Vice President of the
      Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and reported to Audit and Risk Management
      Committee quarterly.

      For advances to customers, the Group requires collateral from customers before advances are granted. The amount of
      advances permitted depends on the quality and value of collateral provided by the customer. Any subsequent change in
      value as well as quality of collateral is closely monitored in order to determine whether any corrective action is required.

      Accounts receivable mainly arise from the Group’s investment activities. Receivables from brokers and counterparties
      are normally repayable on demand. The Group has established procedures in the selection of brokers/counterparties with
      sound credit ratings and/or reputation.

      Investments in debt instruments and unlisted derivative financial instruments are also governed by whether the issuers
      and the trade counterparties respectively have sound credit ratings.

      The Group has well-defined policies in place on the setting and approval of trading, credit and investment position limits
      in order to manage its credit risk exposure and concentration. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not
      have a significant concentration of credit risk.

      The maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held is represented by the carrying
      amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, at the end of the reporting period, deducting
      any impairment allowance.


(b)   Liquidity risk
      The Group’s policy is to regularly assess current and expected liquidity requirements and to ensure that it maintains
      reserves of cash, readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
      institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

      For subsidiaries with statutory liquidity requirements, the Group closely monitors their liquidity positions. To ensure strict
      compliance, the Group maintains adequate cash reserves to prepare for immediate fund injection if required. If there is a
      medium to long-term operational need, management would also consider adjusting those subsidiaries’ capital structure.
      Subsidiaries with external equity stakeholders are generally responsible for their own liquidity management.




                                                                                                                                       39
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     (c)   Interest rate risk
           The Group monitors its interest rate exposure regularly to ensure that the underlying risk is monitored within an
           acceptable range.

           The Group’s interest rate positions arise from treasury and operating activities. Interest rate risk arises from treasury
           management, customer financing and investment portfolios. Interest rate risk primarily results from the timing
           differences in the repricing of interest-bearing assets, liabilities and commitments. Interest rate risk is managed by the
           Finance and Accounting Department under the delegated authority of the Board and is monitored by the Risk
           Management, Legal and Compliance Department. The instruments used to manage interest rate risk include time
           deposits and interest rate linked derivatives, if necessary.

           The Group is exposed to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of its financial instruments will fluctuate as a
           result of changes in market interest rates. In respect of the Group’s interest-bearing financial instruments, the Group’s
           policy is to mainly transact in financial instruments that mature or reprice in the short to medium term. Accordingly, the
           Group would be subject to limited exposure to fair value or cash flow interest rate risk due to fluctuations in the prevailing
           levels of market interest rates.


     (d)   Currency risk
           The Group’s exposure to currency risk primarily stems from holding of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
           foreign currencies, other than Hong Kong dollars and net investment in foreign operations. As most of the Group’s
           monetary assets and liabilities and net investment in foreign operations are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi,
           United States dollars and Singapore dollars, management is aware of the likely increase in volatility in these currencies
           and takes a balanced view when considering the management of currency risk.

           Overall, the Group monitors its currency exposure closely and would consider hedging significant currency exposure
           should the need arise.


     (e)   Equity price risk
           The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments classified as trading securities, equity
           investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 18) and financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss (note 19). Other than unlisted securities held for medium to long-term purposes, all of these
           investments are listed.

           The Group’s investments in listed equity instruments are mainly listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the
           Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange. Decisions to buy
           or sell trading securities rest with assigned investment team professionals and each investment portfolio is governed by
           specific investment and risk management guidelines. Independent daily monitoring of each portfolio against the
           corresponding guidelines is carried out by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. Listed equity
           instruments held in the equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
           assets at fair value through profit or loss portfolio have been chosen based on their medium to long-term growth potential
           and are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

           The performance of the Group’s investments in unquoted equity instruments is assessed periodically, based on the
           information available to the Group.




40
                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




       Through comprehensive corporate
        governance and risk management,
      CEL is laying a solid foundation for its
            sustainable development.




                                                                        41
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND STRUCTURE
     China Everbright Limited (“CEL” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) always aim to comply with established
     corporate governance best practices, and the core value of the Company is to protect the interests of its shareholders,
     customers, staff and other stakeholders. It is committed to strictly abiding by the laws and regulations of Hong Kong and
     observing the rules and guidelines issued by the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Securities and Futures Commission
     of Hong Kong and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company also constantly reviews
     its corporate governance practices to meet international and local best practices including the Corporate Governance Code (the
     “Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).
     One of the core values of the Company is that the highest standard of integrity is essential to business development.

     The Company recognises the importance of high standards of corporate governance and maintains an effective corporate
     governance framework which contributes to the long-term success of CEL. The Company is also strongly committed to
     embracing and enhancing sound corporate governance principles and practices. The established and well-structured corporate
     governance framework directs and regulates the business ethical conduct of the Company, thereby protecting and upholding
     the value of its shareholders and stakeholders as a whole in a sustainable manner.

     The Company’s board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) would like to confirm that, following careful examination and
     review, the Company has complied with all code provisions of the Code for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     CORPORATE CULTURE AND STRATEGY
     CEL has set out its Purpose, Vision and Values, details of which are available on the Company’s website. The Company’s
     purpose is to be “China’s cross-border asset management industry pioneer”. With over 25 years’ experience in cross-border
     asset management and PE investments, the Board is committed to maintaining the development requirements of the Company
     and promoting a positive and progressive culture to its stakeholders to achieve its purpose. The Company’s Vision is “To
     innovate the asset management industry by creating leading-edge investment solutions”. CEL’s understanding of clients’
     experience and its long-term investment philosophy provides favourable conditions to achieve higher returns. The Company’s
     Value (Corporate Philosophy) is “The Power to Transform – Focus and long-term drive, Transforming challenge into
     opportunities”. With a firm footing in Hong Kong – a true bridge between East and West – an international platform, and
     specialised sector focused teams, CEL is well-positioned to take advantage of the long-term opportunities presented by
     changes in the global markets, to respond flexibly, and to become a pioneer in Chinese cross- border investment and asset
     management.




42
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




BOARD
Composition of the Board
The Company is led by the Board that is effective and of quality. The Board is charged with promoting the success of CEL by
directing and supervising its affairs in a responsible and effective manner. Each Director has a duty to act in good faith in the
best interests of the Company, so as to bring maximum value to the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”) in the
long term and practically fulfill its obligations to the stakeholders of the Group. The Directors are aware of their collective and
individual responsibilities to all Shareholders for the manner in which the affairs of the Company are managed, controlled and
operated. As at the date of this report, the Board currently has ten Directors, made up of four Executive Directors and six Non-
executive Directors, including four Independent Non-executive Directors (“INED(s)”). The Board members are set out as
follows:


 EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
    Mr. Lin Chun (President) (appointed on 4 January 2024)
    Mr. An Xuesong (appointed on 5 April 2024)
    Ms. Wang Yun (appointed on 5 May 2023)
    Mr. Yin Yanwu
    Mr. Zhang Mingao (resigned on 4 January 2024)
    Mr. Wang Hongyang (resigned on 5 May 2023)

 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
    Mr. Yu Fachang (Chairman)
    Dr. Qin Hongyuan (appointed on 4 January 2024)
    Ms. Pan Wenjie (resigned on 22 March 2024)
    Mr. Fang Bin (resigned on 4 January 2024)

 INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
    Dr. Lin Zhijun
    Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
    Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund (appointed on 22 March 2024)

All Directors possess extensive experiences in the financial industry. They have abundant professional expertise to fully
understand our business and the necessary skills to deal with our business matters. Each of them is prudent, objective and
diligent and has devoted sufficient time and efforts to handle the Company’s affairs. Each Director confirms to the Company
yearly he/she has spent sufficient time to perform his/her responsibilities as a Director of the Company. Each Director discloses
to the Company (at the time of appointment and in a timely manner for any changes) the numbers and nature of office held in
public companies or organisations and other significant commitments. The relevant content will also be disclosed in the
announcements in relation to his/her appointment and the annual reports of the Company.

With the assistance of the Nomination Committee, the Board reviews its structure, size and composition (including skills,
expertise, experiences and gender diversity) on an annual basis. The Board considers the composition and proportion of its
members reasonable and appropriate, which can fully leverage balance of powers such that the interests of the Company, the
Shareholders and the stakeholders are protected to the maximum extent.

All the existing Directors (including Non-executive Directors and INEDs) have been appointed through formal service contracts
or letters of appointment setting out the key terms and conditions of their appointment.

The appointment of a new Director is a matter for consideration by the Nomination Committee and decision by the full Board.
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles”), all Directors shall retire by rotation at least once every
three years at annual general meetings and be eligible for re-election. All new Directors appointed by the Board are subject to
re-election by Shareholders at the next general meeting. At every annual general meeting of the Company, re-election of each
Director has been assigned as a separate resolution for Shareholders’ approval.



                                                                                                                                      43
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     If any substantial Shareholder or Director has a potential conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board, which
     the Board has determined to be material, the matter will be dealt with by a physical meeting (rather than a written resolution),
     the relevant Directors shall abstain from voting and a Board meeting attended by INEDs who have no material interest in the
     matter shall be held to discuss and vote on the resolution. There are no relationships (including financial, business, family or
     other material/relevant relationship(s)) among the Board members. Any Director concerned should declare the nature and
     extent of his/her interest prior to the relevant meeting agenda of the Board or the Board committees.


     Board and Workforce Diversity
     According to the Board Diversity Policy of the Company, the Board recognises the importance of having a diverse Board for
     enhancing the board effectiveness and corporate governance. A diverse Board should possess and make good use of
     differences in the skills, industry knowledge and experience, education, race, age, gender, background and other qualities of
     directors. These differences are taken into account in determining the optimum composition of the Board and when possible
     should be balanced appropriately.

     According to the Nomination Policy of the Company, the Nomination Committee has the responsibility of identifying and
     nominating directors for approval by the Board. It takes the responsibility in assessing the appropriate mix of experience,
     expertise, skills and diversity required by the Board, assessing the extent to which the required skills are represented on the
     Board and overseeing Board succession. It is also responsible for reviewing and reporting to the Board in relation to Board
     diversity on an annual basis.

     As at 31 December 2023, the Board comprised seven males and two females and the senior management of the Group
     (excluding the Executive Directors) comprised one male and one female; and among the 255 full-time employees of the Group’s
     headquarters and wholly-owned subsidiaries, the ratio of male to female staff was 1:0.98. The Board considers that the Board,
     the Group’s senior management and workforce are all diverse in terms of gender. At present, the Company has not set any
     measurable objectives for implementation of the diversity policies in relation to the Board members and the workforce of the
     Group (including gender diversity). However, the Company will review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time and will
     consider setting of any measurable objectives for achieving gender diversity (if applicable).

     Under the current Board structure, all Directors possess extensive experience in financial industry and management, of whom
     some are experts in strategic development, financial and/or risk management. Biographical details with the professional
     experience, skills and knowledge of the Directors are available in the section of “Directors and Senior Management” on pages
     88 to 92 of this Annual Report.

     The Board considers that diversity of the Board and the workforce is a vital asset to the business of the Group. Board
     appointments and employee recruitments are based on merit, and candidates are considered against objective criteria, having
     due regard to the benefits of diversity, including but not limited to gender diversity. Selection of candidates of different genders
     depends on the pool of candidates of each gender with the necessary knowledge, experience, skills and educational
     background. The final decision is based on merit and contribution that the chosen candidate will bring to the Board or the
     Group.


     Role of Independent Non-executive Directors
     The Board believes that the INEDs play an important role in corporate governance. They provide the necessary checks and
     balances to ensure that CEL operates in a safe and sound manner and that its interests are protected. The INEDs also bring
     external experience and make judgment objectively. They are particularly important in performing a monitoring role. The Board
     has received from the INEDs written annual confirmations of their independence pursuant to the requirement under Rule 3.13
     of the Listing Rules and considers all the INEDs to be independent. The appointments of Non-executive Directors, including
     INEDs, are for a fixed term and all of them are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years in accordance
     with the Articles and the Listing Rules.

     Every year, the Board reviews and assesses the independence of any INED who is in office for more than nine years. His/her
     further appointment is subject to a separate resolution to be approved by general meeting. The reasons why the Board believes
     that the individual is still independent and should be re-elected, in so far as the independence of each of the Directors is
     concerned, this is a matter of fact and the Board is committed to assessing this on an ongoing basis with regard to all relevant
     factors concerned and not just limited to where a director whose length of service exceeds 9 years.


44
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




Mechanisms to Ensure Independent Views and Input
The Board establishes mechanism(s) to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. The Nomination
Committee is delegated the responsibility to review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on an annual
basis.

The number of INEDs represents not less than one-third of the Board as required under the Listing Rules. All the INEDs
possess appropriate professional qualifications and accounting or related financial management expertise.

INEDs provide CEL with diversified expertise and experience. Their views and participation in the meetings of the Board and
the Board committees bring objective and independent judgments and advice on issues relating to CEL’s strategies,
performance, conflicts of interest and management processes, which ensure that the interests of all Shareholders are taken
into account.

The Company has multiple mechanisms in place to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. These
include but are not limited to, when reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, the Nomination Committee
puts emphasis on whether the composition of Executive and Non-Executive Directors (including INEDs) is balanced and
ensures that there is a strong independent element on the Board. All INEDs should be of sufficient calibre and number for their
views to carry weight. All Directors (including INEDs) are given opportunities to include matters in the agenda for regular Board
meetings. If any Director makes a reasonable request, the Company should provide separate independent professional advice
upon request, at the Company’s expense, to the Director(s) to assist such Director(s) or the Board in performing directors’
duties to the Company. Besides, a controversial matter is required to be discussed at a Board meeting rather than being dealt
with by a written resolution so as to ensure that Directors (including INEDs) are given opportunities to exchange their views
instantly with each other. The Chairman at least annually holds a meeting with the INEDs without the presence of other
Directors. Based on the above, the Board considers that the implementation of above mechanisms is effective.


Directors’ Liability Insurance
The Company has in place an appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy for each member of the Board to cover
their liabilities on damages arising out of corporate activities. The coverage and the sum insured under the policy are reviewed
on an annual basis by the Company.


Responsibilities of the Board
The Board is at the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, and there is a clear division of responsibilities
between the Board and the management of the Group (the “Management”). The Board is responsible for providing high-level
guidance and effective oversight of the Management. In general, duties of the Board include:

      setting CEL’s values and standards and approving CEL’s long term strategy and monitoring its implementation;

      establishing and maintaining the purpose and strategic direction of CEL, and satisfy itself that CEL’s purpose, values and
      strategy are aligned with the culture of the Company;

      monitoring and controlling CEL’s operations, financial and environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance
      through reviewing and approving its business plan and financial budget, and ensures CEL has adequate resources, staff
      qualification and experience in accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions, as well as those relating to
      CEL’s ESG performance and reporting;

      ensuring timely and accurate disclosure to and communication with stakeholders;

      approving the annual and interim results to ensure the integrity of CEL’s accounting and financial reporting system and
      compliance with the relevant laws and standards;

      reviewing and monitoring risk management and internal control of CEL to ensure that appropriate internal control
      systems are in place, including systems for risk management, financial and operational control;




                                                                                                                                    45
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




           maintaining an effective governance and oversight of ESG affairs, as well as assessment and management of material
           ESG risks, ESG strategy and reporting;

           overseeing the management of the business and affairs of CEL, ensuring that a framework of prudent and effective
           controls is in place to enable risks to be assessed and managed with due regard to maximizing Shareholders’ value; and

           monitoring the performance of the Management, ensuring the financial statements are prepared to give a true, complete
           and accurate view of the Company.

     The Board authorises the Management to specifically carry out the approved strategies. The Management is responsible for the
     day-to-day operation of the Company and is required to report to the Board regularly. The Board has formulated the “Terms of
     Reference of the Board” and the “Mandate”, which set out the circumstances under which the Management should report to
     and obtain prior approval from the Board before making decisions or entering into any commitments on behalf of the Group.
     The Board regularly reviews the Mandate, and will update and amend the Mandate when appropriate.

     Non-executive Directors are independent from the Management. Their responsibilities include:

     (a)   participating in Board meetings and provide independent opinions on matters involving strategy, policies, performance,
           accountability, resources, appointment of key personnel and standards of conduct;

     (b)   promoting strict review and monitoring of management procedures;

     (c)   dealing with potential conflicts of interest proactively;

     (d)   serving on the Board committees such as the Audit and Risk Management Committee, Nomination Committee,
           Remuneration Committee, Strategy Committee, and ESG Committee by invitation;

     (e)   contributing to the Board and its Board committees by regularly attending meetings and actively participating, making
           good use of their skills, expertise, different backgrounds and qualifications;

     (f)   attending general meetings and also fully understanding Shareholders’ opinions; and

     (g)   contributing to the formulation of company strategies and policies, monitor the Company’s performance against
           established corporate goals and objectives, and focus on performance reporting.


     Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties as set out below:

      1    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

      2    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management;

      3    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

      4    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and Directors;

      5    to review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosure in the “Corporate Governance Report” under
           Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules; and

      6    to review the contribution of Directors in performing their duties to the Company.




46
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023




During the year, the Board had performed the above duties, including review of the following documents relating to the
corporate governance policies and practices:

      Terms of Reference of the Board;

      Mandate;

      Risk Management Policy;

      Corporate Governance Report;

      Internal Control Report;

      Risk Management Report; and

      ESG Report.


Chairman and President
The positions of the Chairman of the Board and the President are held by Mr. Yu Fachang, a non-executive Director, and Mr. Lin
Chun, an executive Director, respectively. The roles of the Chairman and the President are clearly established and stipulated in
the terms of reference of the Board. As the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Yu leads the Board in order to ensure that the Board
discharges its formal responsibilities and conforms to good corporate governance practices and procedures. Besides, the
Chairman is also responsible for making sure that all Directors are properly informed of important issues on which the Company
is focusing and that all Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information. The Chairman also leads the Board in
formulating business objectives and their related strategies. He is also responsible for organising the business of the Board,
setting its agenda to take full account of the important issues facing CEL and the concerns of all Directors, ensuring that
adequate time is available for thorough discussion of critical and strategic issues, and ensuring its effectiveness with the
assistance of the Company Secretary. The Chairman is also taking primary responsibility for ensuring that good corporate
governance practices and procedures are in place. Through the Company Secretary, the Chairman oversees the implementation
of the practices and procedures set out in the Code. The Chairman facilitates the effective contribution of the Directors and the
effective communication with the stakeholders, ensures that timely and adequate information, which must be accurate, clear,
complete and reliable, is delivered to the Directors to fulfill their duties. The Chairman is also overseeing and giving guidance to
the Management in order to enhance the functions of the Board for ensuring the decision of Board are in the best interest of
the Company. Subject to those matters expressly reserved or otherwise stipulated by the Board, the Board grants its powers
and delegates its responsibilities to the Management Decision Committee for the daily administration, operation and
management of the business and affairs of the Group. The Management Decision Committee is the ultimate owner of
responsibilities of daily administration, operation and management of the business and affairs of the Group and is accountable
to the Board. Mr. Lin Chun, the President, serves as the Chairman of the Management Decision Committee. The Vice
Presidents and other Management Decision Committee members assist the President in carrying out the work and are
responsible for the relevant daily management matters of the Group.

The Terms of Reference of the Board, as updated from time to time, are published on the Company’s website
www.everbright.com and the website of the Stock Exchange. The Terms of Reference of the Board clearly define the terms of
reference of the Board as well as all the Board committees. The Board committees make recommendations to the Board on
relevant matters within their terms of reference, or make decisions under appropriate circumstances within the power
delegated by the Board. Designated secretaries are assigned to all Board committees to provide professional company
secretarial services in order to ensure that the Board committee members have adequate resources to discharge their
responsibilities properly and effectively. According to the Terms of Reference of the Board, the Board and the Board
committees review and evaluate their respective work processes and effectiveness on an annual basis. The Board shall also
promptly update and revise the Terms of Reference according to its needs, and the updated Terms of Reference of the Board
will also be uploaded timely to the Company’s website and the website of the Stock Exchange for public inspection.




                                                                                                                                       47
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Training and Support for Directors
     The Listing Rules require directors to understand their responsibilities as directors of listed companies. To ensure that newly
     appointed Directors have adequate understanding of the responsibilities as directors of listed companies as well as the
     operations and business of CEL, the Board has set up an induction system for new Directors. The Company Secretary conducts
     the induction programme for each of the newly appointed Directors, and the induction includes a description of directors’
     duties, the Listing Rules, introduction of the Board and the Board committees’ composition together with the corporate
     governance structure, and the introduction of business of the Company. Mr. Lin Chun and Dr. Qin Hongyuan attended the
     director induction training of no less than 3 hours on 15 January 2024. Mr. An Xuesong and Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund also
     attended the director induction training of no less than 2 hours on 21 March 2024. The Company received written confirmation
     from each of the newly appointed Directors that he understood his obligations as a director of a listed company.

     To ensure that all Directors can constantly update their knowledge and make informed recommendations and advice to the
     Board, the Board has established a guideline on directors’ training. In addition to arranging appropriate directors’ training on an
     annual basis, the Company issues “monthly circulars” to the Board members, contents of which include the monthly financial
     statements of CEL, to give Directors a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance, position and
     prospects, together with reports to the Directors about latest information on the Company’s operation, investor relations, and
     information and training materials in relation to directors’ responsibilities. The said reading materials are mainly used for
     providing the Board members with information on significant changes in the regulatory requirements applicable to both the
     Directors and the Company, the latest developments in the industry and the latest development in corporate governance
     practices in a timely manner, which can update their knowledge and skills associated with directors’ duties. The contents and
     information contained in the “monthly circulars” to the Board members are of sufficient details to enable the Directors to
     perform the Directors’ duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules.

     Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Company Secretary also arranges meetings between the Board members and front-
     line business teams in a timely manner, which enable the Board members to enhance understanding of the front-line business
     development of the Company and enable Directors obtaining first hand information of the operation of the business of the
     Company. In addition to arranging training to Directors regularly, the Board members are also encouraged to participate in
     professional training programmes as they consider appropriate, with a view to developing and updating their knowledge and
     skills.

     Apart from the above training offered by the Company, based on the training records provided to the Company by the Directors,
     the Directors also participated in the following training during 2023:

      DIRECTORS                                                                                            TYPE OF TRAINING
      EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
          Zhang Mingao (resigned on 4 January 2024)                                                                            A, B, C
          Wang Yun (appointed on 5 May 2023)                                                                                      A, C
          Yin Yanwu                                                                                                               A, C

      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
          Yu Fachang                                                                                                           A, B, C
          Pan Wenjie (resigned on 22 March 2024)                                                                                  A, C
          Fang Bin (resigned on 4 January 2024)                                                                                   A, C

      INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
          Lin Zhijun                                                                                                           A, B, C
          Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                                                                                 A, C
          Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                                                                                   A, C

     A:     attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums

     B:     delivering talks at seminars and/or conferences and/or forums

     C:     reading information, newspapers, journals and materials relating to the latest requirements of the Listing Rules and Stock
            Exchange, responsibilities of directors, economy, fiscal and financial matters, investment and business of the Company




48
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023




Attendance of the Directors at Board, Board Committee and General Meetings
A total of five Board meetings were held during the year. The regular Board meetings and the regular Board committee
meetings were scheduled and approved by the Board in the preceding year. Unscheduled supplementary meetings (if any) may
also take place as and when necessary with reasonable notice. Formal notices have been sent to all Directors at least 14 days
before the regular meetings being held. All Directors are given an opportunity to include matters to be discussed in the agenda
for the Board meeting. In general, the Board agenda and meeting materials have been dispatched to all Board or relevant
committee members for review at least 3 working days before the meetings. According to Article 111 of the Articles of
Association, the Board/Board committee members may participate in Board/Board committee meetings through telephone
conferencing or similar communication equipment.

The agenda has been prepared after sufficient consultation with the Board/Board committee members and the Management
and are then approved by the respective chairmen. The Company Secretary is responsible for submitting the papers of Board
meetings and relevant information to the Directors, who can capture the adequate information timely which is complete and
reliable and which will enable Directors to make an informed decision on matters placed before them. The Board ensures that
Directors, especially Non-executive Directors and INEDs, are provided with sufficient resources in the furtherance of their
duties as Board/Board committee members, including obtaining further information if necessary or seeking independent
professional advice accordingly at the cost of the Company.

The minutes of the Board/Board committee meetings record in sufficient detail of all the issues considered and the decisions
reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting view expressed, made by the Directors/respective Board
committee members. The minutes, upon reviewed by all the Directors/respective Board committee members and signed by
the Chairman of the Board/chairman of the respective Board committees in next meeting, are properly kept by the office of the
Company Secretary or the designated secretary. The Company Secretary or the designated secretary has reported matters
arising from the previous Board/Board committees meeting and the relevant follow-up actions taken.

All the Board members can also seek the advice and services from the Company Secretary or the designated secretaries of the
respective Board committees. The Company Secretary is also responsible for ensuring compliance of the procedures of the
Board as well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations. Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Company Secretary also
at least arranges one meeting annually for the Chairman of the Board to meet the INEDs in the absence of other Directors and
the Management. Directors have separate and independent access to the senior management and employees.




                                                                                                                                  49
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Attendance Rate
     The attendance rate of the Directors at Board meetings and various Board committees meetings as well as the general
     meetings of the Company in 2023 is set out below:

                                                        AUDIT & RISK
                                                       MANAGEMENT         NOMINATION     REMUNERATION               ESG
                                            BOARD        COMMITTEE         COMMITTEE        COMMITTEE         COMMITTEE           GENERAL
         DIRECTORS/MEMBERS                 MEETING         MEETING           MEETING          MEETING           MEETING           MEETING

           Yu Fachang                            5/5              N/A              2/2               2/2              N/A               1/1
           Zhang Mingao                          5/5              N/A              N/A               N/A              1/2               1/1
           Wang Yun1                             3/3              N/A              N/A               N/A              0/1               1/1
           Yin Yanwu                             5/5              N/A              N/A               N/A              N/A               1/1
           Pan Wenjie                            5/5              N/A              N/A               N/A              N/A               1/1
           Fang Bin                              5/5              N/A              N/A               N/A              1/2               1/1
           Lin Zhijun                            5/5              7/7              2/2               2/2              N/A               1/1
           Chung Shui Ming Timpson               5/5              7/7              2/2               2/2              N/A               1/1
           Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                 5/5              7/7              2/2               2/2              2/2               1/1
           Wang Hongyang2                        1/1              N/A              N/A               N/A              1/1               N/A

     Notes:
     1
              Ms. Wang Yun was appointed as an Executive Director and a member of the ESG Committee with effect from 5 May 2023.
     2
              Mr. Wang Hongyang resigned as an Executive Director and also ceased to be a member of the ESG Committee with effect from 5 May
              2023.


     Every Director performs his/her duties as a Director at all times in good faith, objectively, with diligence and in the best interest
     of CEL. The Directors have to spend substantial time for the meetings of the Board and the Board committees, including
     reading the meeting papers before the meetings, allowing sufficient discussion of the issues in the meetings and having in-
     depth understanding of the follow-up issues under the agenda after the meetings. Directors disclosed to the Company each
     year the number and nature of offices they held in other public companies or organisations and other significant commitments,
     with an indication of the time involved. The Board believes all Directors devoted sufficient time and efforts to deal with matters
     of the Group, and other commitments would not affect the effectiveness of their contribution to or the time available for CEL.


     BOARD COMMITTEES
     Taking into account the market practices and international best practices in corporate governance, the Board established six
     Board committees to assist it in carrying out its relevant responsibilities, including the Executive Board Committee, the Audit
     and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the ESG Committee and the
     Strategy Committee. In addition, the Board will, if necessary, authorise an independent board committee comprising only
     INEDs to review, approve and monitor the connected transactions (including continuing connected transactions) in accordance
     with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The Terms of Reference of the Board clearly define the terms of
     reference of the Board committees. The Board committees can make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters
     within their terms of reference, or make decisions under appropriate circumstances within the power as delegated by the
     Board. The Board committees submit their reports on their work semi-annually. As mentioned, the Terms of Reference of the
     Board, which set out the terms of references of all the Board committees, are published on the Company’s website and the
     website of the Stock Exchange.

     The Management is responsible for providing the Board and Board committees with adequate and timely information which is
     complete and reliable and which will enable Directors to make an informed decision on matters placed before them. Where any
     Director requires more information than those provided by the Management themselves, he will make further enquiries, to
     which the Management must respond quickly and effectively. The Board and individual Directors have separate and
     independent access to the senior management.




50
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




Executive Board Committee
The Executive Board Committee currently consists of all of the four Executive Directors, including Mr. Lin Chun, Mr. An
Xuesong, Ms. Wang Yun and Mr. Yin Yanwu. Mr. Lin Chun, the President, is the chairman of the Executive Board Committee.
Upon delegation by the Board, the Executive Board Committee makes decisions as delegated by the Board through interactive
communications from time to time, including:

(a)   to approve the corporate objectives and business development plans proposed by the management;

(b)   to approve material transactions of the Company which are not required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules;

(c)   to approve material issues regarding the Company’s interest as a shareholder of Everbright Bank and Everbright
      Securities in Mainland China;

(d)   to approve bank account opening, change of authorised signatory and other relevant resolutions;

(e)   to approve the renewal of bank loan/facilities, replacement of bank loan/facilities and other relevant resolutions;

(f)   to propose to the Board the establishment or abolishing of any Board committees; and

(g)   to approve other regular procedural matters that the Board agrees to delegate to the Executive Board Committee.

The resolutions passed by the Executive Board Committee have same effect as the resolutions of the Board.


Audit and Risk Management Committee
The Audit and Risk Management Committee (the “Committee”) currently comprises four members, and all members including
the chairman are INEDs. The Committee is chaired by Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson and the other members are Dr. Lin Zhijun,
Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen and Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund. All of them possess appropriate professional qualifications and
experiences in financial matters. Further to the terms of reference required to be performed by the audit committee under the
Listing Rules, it also assists the Board in formulating and monitoring the risk management strategy and related framework and
policy of the Company. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance affairs assists
the Committee in performing the daily risk management function of the Company in order to ensure that the risk management
and internal control systems have been implemented and complied with. The Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its
responsibilities relating to the supervision of the financial statements, internal control, risk management (including but not
limited to the risks relating to ESG), internal audit and external audit of the Company. The written terms of reference of the
Committee, which were prepared with reference to “A Guide for Effective Audit Committees” published by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and updated with reference to the requirement of the Code, were approved and
properly authorised by the Board. The Terms of Reference of the Committee is available for inspection on the Company’s
website. The Committee mainly assists the Board in performing its role in the Company in the following areas, among others:


Internal Audit Function
      to supervise the Internal Audit Department implementing the annual audit planning reviews, at the time of which the
      Internal Audit Department will review the general adequacy of the accounting system and internal control system and
      will outline the indicated internal audit programme in respect of the Company and its subsidiaries for review and guidance
      by the Committee;

      to discuss and study the highlight of significant events and findings from the Internal Audit Department of which, in their
      opinion, require the Committee’s knowledge and/or attention. Representative of Internal Audit Department will be invited
      to attend the Committee meetings and present the internal audit reports in respect of the Company and its subsidiaries
      for the Committee’s discussion. The Committee will discuss the reports and report the summary of reports as
      appropriate to the Board;




                                                                                                                                    51
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




           to ensure that co-ordination between the Internal Audit Department and External Auditor is adequate and that the internal
           audit function has adequate resources and appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its
           effectiveness; and

           to review and monitor the effectiveness of the internal control system and the internal audit function based on a risk
           methodology process.

     In addition, pursuant to code provisions D.2 and D.3.3 of the Code, the Committee conducted an annual review of the
     effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Company with the assistance of the Vice President of
     the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and the Internal Audit Department. The internal control review
     of the Group covered all material aspects, including financial, operational and compliance controls as well as risk management.
     Upon completion of the review, the Committee agreed with the review results of the Internal Audit Department that the key
     areas of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems were reasonably implemented and were able to prevent
     material misstatements or losses, safeguard the Company’s assets, maintain appropriate accounting records, ensure
     compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and generally the internal control requirements of the Code have been fulfilled.
     Such views were recommended to the Board. Please refer to the section headed “Internal Control” for details about the said
     review.


     External Auditor
           to appoint, retain, dismiss and replace the Company’s External Auditor, subject to endorsement by the Board and final
           approval and authorisation by the Shareholders in general meetings, and to approve the remuneration and terms of
           engagement of the External Auditor, and any questions of its resignation or dismissal; and monitor the associated fees
           and independence of the External Auditor to ensure that the performance of non-audit services does not impair the
           independence of the External Auditor in connection with their audit. The non-audit service to be performed by the
           External Auditor shall be separately identified in connection with its pre-approval if the total amount of fees exceeds the
           annual caps authorised by the Committee;

           to meet the External Auditor at least annually, in the absence of the Management, to discuss matters relating to any
           issues arising from the audit and any accounting, financial reporting or internal control matters the External Auditor may
           wish to raise;

           to review and monitor the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards and discuss with
           the External Auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit commences;

           to review the work of the External Auditor (including the resolution of any disagreement between the Management and
           the External Auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work,
           the scope of their audit and any other services, and approve the fees for and terms of their services;

           review with the External Auditor recent or anticipated developments in accounting principles or reporting practices that
           may affect the Company or the scope of the audit; and discuss major anticipated audit problems, if any;

           to review results of audits performed by the External Auditor including any changes in accounting procedures and/or the
           system of internal controls noted or developed during the audit examination along with matters of controversy, if any,
           with the Management, determine appropriate actions required on significant control weaknesses, and recommend such
           actions to the Board; and

           to review the External Auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the External Auditor to the
           Management about accounting records, financial statements or systems of control and the Management’s response.




52
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




Financial Reporting
      to review and monitor the completeness, accuracy and fairness of half-year and annual financial statements before
      submission to the Board with particular regard to changes in accounting policies and practices, major judgmental areas,
      adequacy of disclosure, consistency within the financial statements and with prior disclosures, any significant audit
      adjustments, the going concern assumption and any qualifications, compliance with any applicable legal requirements
      and accounting standards and compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules and other legal requirements in
      relation to financial reporting.

The Committee invites the Group’s Vice President in charge of Finance, Vice President in charge of Risk Management, Legal
and Compliance, Head of Internal Audit Department and External Auditor to attend all its meetings.

The Committee considers any significant and unusual items that are, or may need to be, reflected in the report and financial
statements, and gives due consideration to any matters that have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the
accounting and financial reporting function, compliance officer or auditors.


Risk Management
Pursuant to code provisions D.2.3 and D.2.4 of the Code, with assistance of the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
Management, Legal and Compliance, the Committee considers and reports to the Board for its review of:

(a)   the changes, since the last review, in the nature and extent of significant risks (including ESG risks), and how the
      Company responds to changes in its business and the external environment;

(b)   the scope and quality of the Management’s ongoing monitoring of risks (including ESG risks) and of the internal control
      system and the work of internal audit;

(c)   the monitoring results, which enable it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness of risk management;

(d)   significant control failings or weaknesses identified (if any) and the extent that they have caused unforeseen outcomes or
      contingencies that could have material impact on the Company’s financial performance or condition; and

(e)   the effectiveness of the processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.

In addition, the Committee monitors the Company to disclose the following in the Risk Management Report:

(a)   the process used to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks;

(b)   additional information to explain its risk management processes and internal control system;

(c)   an acknowledgement by the Board that it is responsible for the internal control system and reviewing its effectiveness;

(d)   the process used to review the effectiveness of the internal control system; and

(e)   the process used to resolve material internal control defects for any significant problems disclosed in its annual reports
      and financial statements.

A comprehensive analysis of the risks affecting the businesses of the Company and the associated mitigation measures is set
out in the Risk Management Report on pages 67 to 75 in this Annual Report.




                                                                                                                                   53
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Corporate Governance
           reviewing and dealing with the Company’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions, the effectiveness
           of the Company’s corporate governance structures and its implementation;

           overseeing the Company to abide by any applicable laws and comply with regulations of the relevant regulators and
           maintain its business ethics; and

           making recommendations to the Board where necessary, and carrying out duties within the delegated authority of the
           Board.


     Whistleblowing
     The Committee is responsible for monitoring the use and effectiveness of the whistleblowing policy for employees and third
     parties who deal with the Group, such as the Group’s clients and suppliers that provide products or services to the Group, to
     raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the senior management of the Group or the Committee about possible
     improprieties in any matter related to the Group, including but not limited to breach of legal or regulatory requirement, breach of
     policy or code of conduct of the Group, illegal activity, misconduct or fraud involving internal control, accounting, audit and
     financial matters, and misconduct or immoral behavior that may prejudice the reputation of the Group, etc. When employees
     and third parties reasonably suspect any misconduct in the Group, they can notify the Vice President of the Group in charge of
     Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, who shall investigate the matter and report to the Committee if a prima facie case is
     established. If, for any reason, the whistleblower does not wish to report to the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
     Management, Legal and Compliance, then the whistleblower can report to the chairman of the Committee. The Committee
     shall then decide how the investigation is to be proceeded, and ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and
     independent investigation of these matters for appropriate follow-up action. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
     Management, Legal and Compliance and the Company Secretary of the Company shall report to the Committee annually at the
     Committee’s meeting in respect of all whistleblowing cases received during the year under the whistleblowing policy and the
     respective status of handling. The Group’s whistleblowing policy is available on the Company’s website under the
     “Sustainability” column.

     Seven Committee meetings were held during the year with an attendance rate of 100%. The work performed by the
     Committee in 2023 included the review and, where applicable, approval of:

           the Company’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the annual results announcement thereof,
           which were recommended to the Board for approval;

           the Company’s interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and the interim results
           announcement thereof, which were recommended to the Board for approval;

           the audit report and management letter submitted by the external auditor;

           the quarterly risk assessment report submitted by the risk management function;

           the quarterly internal audit report submitted by the Internal Audit Department;

           the re-appointment of external auditor, and the audit fees and non-audit fees payable to external auditor for the annual
           audit, interim review and other non-audit services; and

           CEL’s internal audit plan and key areas of the internal audit work focus for 2024.




54
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




In addition, the Committee also assisted the Board in performing the internal control and risk management function, including:

      to review the systems of financial control, internal control and risk management;

      to discuss the internal control system with the Management to ensure that the Management has performed its duty to
      have an effective internal control system. This discussion should include:

      (a)   to review annually the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget
            of accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function, as well as those relating to CEL’s ESG performance
            and reporting;

      (b)   to consider major investigation findings on internal control matters as delegated by the Board or on its own
            initiative and the Management’s response to these findings of CEL;

      (c)   to review financial and accounting policies and practices. Special meetings may be called at the discretion of the
            chairman or the request of senior management to review significant control or financial issues;

      (d)   to review the annual general representation letter from the Management; and

      (e)   to review the effectiveness of internal audit function of the Company and monitor its results.

The Company Secretary will ensure that the Committee is provided with sufficient resources to perform its duties according to
the instruction of the Chairman of the Committee.

Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee currently has five members comprising Mr. Yu Fachang, the Chairman of the Board and a Non-
executive Director, and four INEDs, namely Dr. Lin Zhijun, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen and Mr.
Wong Chun Sek Edmund. Dr. Lin Zhijun, an INED, is the chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee is
responsible for assisting the Board in nominating the right candidates for directorship and senior management positions as well
as for evaluating the competence of the candidates to ensure that they are in line with the Company’s overall development
directions and related requirements under the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its
supervisory role over the Company in the following areas, among others:

      to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
      annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate
      strategy;

      to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations to the Board on
      the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

      to assess the independence of INEDs annually;

      to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for
      Directors, in particular the Chairman and the President;

      to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of the senior management;

      to review the policy for nomination of Directors and make recommendation of amendments to the Board when needed;

      to monitor the implementation of Board Diversity Policy of the Company and review and report Board diversity related
      matters to the Board annually;

      to advise the Board on potential director succession planning to achieve gender diversity on the Board; and

      to review the implementation and effectiveness of mechanisms to ensure independent views and input annually.




                                                                                                                                  55
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     For the recruitment of Directors and senior management, the Nomination Committee first takes into account the skills,
     knowledge and experiences of the Board and Board committees, and the business requirements of the Company in order to
     determine the key requirements for the candidates and objective criteria for selection. Such criteria include relevant expertise,
     integrity, industry experiences and independence, etc., taking into account the benefits of diversity, including but not limited to
     gender diversity.

     The provisions set out in the above paragraphs are the key nomination criteria and principles of the Company for nomination of
     directors, and these constitute the Nomination Policy of the Company adopted by the Nomination Committee during the year.
     The Nomination Committee monitors and reviews the Nomination Policy annually.

     The Nomination Committee held two meetings in the year and passed one resolution in writing to transact its business for
     making recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Chairman, Non-executive Director and Vice President, reviewing
     the structure, size and composition (including skills, experience and knowledge) of the Board and the Board committees,
     reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy, assessing the independence of the INEDs and making
     recommendations to the Board on the re-election of the retiring Directors at the annual general meeting of the Company, etc.
     The attendance rate of the Nomination Committee meetings was 100%.


     Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee currently has five members comprising Mr. Yu Fachang, the Chairman of the Board and a Non-
     executive Director, and four INEDs, namely Dr. Lin Zhijun, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen and Mr.
     Wong Chun Sek Edmund. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Dr. Lin Zhijun, an INED. The Remuneration Committee,
     as delegated by the Board, is responsible for assisting the Board in overseeing the Group’s human resources and remuneration
     policies. The Remuneration Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its supervisory role over the Company in the following
     areas, among others:

           to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior managements
           remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy;

           to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
           objectives;

           to determine, with delegated responsibility, remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors and senior
           management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable
           for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

           to assess the performance of Executive Directors and to approve the terms of Executive Directors’ services contracts;

           to ensure the fairness and reasonableness of the overall human resources and remuneration policies of the Company;

           to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of Non-executive Directors and INEDs;

           to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions
           elsewhere in the Company;

           to review and approve compensation payable to Executive Directors and senior management for any loss or termination
           of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

           to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure
           that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;

           to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration; and

           if the Shareholders approve and adopt the share schemes in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, the
           Remuneration Committee, in accordance with the requirement of the Listing Rules, will be authorized to review and/or
           approve matters relating to the share schemes (if applicable).

56
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




A total of two meetings were held by the Remuneration Committee during the year with an attendance rate of 100%. The work
performed by the Remuneration Committee in 2023 included the review and, where applicable, approval of:

      the performance appraisal of the Executive Directors and senior management for the year 2022;

      the proposal on staff bonus (including the senior management) for the year 2022 and salary adjustments for the year
      2023 for the Company; and

      the remuneration package of newly appointed Executive Director.

Directors’ Remuneration Policy
To ensure that the Directors receive remuneration commensurate with the time and effort they dedicate to the Company,
Directors and senior management’s remuneration should be appropriate and reflect their duty and responsibility to fulfill the
expectations of the Shareholders and meet regulatory requirements. The Board is authorised by a resolution passed at the
annual general meeting each year to fix the remuneration of Directors. The Remuneration Committee, as delegated by the
Board, in proposing the remuneration of Directors, makes reference to companies of comparable business type or scale, and
the nature and quantity of work at both Board and Board committees (including frequency of meetings and nature of agenda
items). The Remuneration Committee also determines the specific remuneration package of Executive Directors and senior
management, including share options and benefits in kind. The Board, based on the recommendations of the Remuneration
Committee, approves the remuneration policy of the Company. Currently the principal components of the Company’s
remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management include the basic salary, a discretionary bonus and other
benefits in kind. According to the directors’ remuneration policy of the Company, Executive Directors and Non-executive
Directors shall not receive any directors’ emolument and salary for their office of Directors. For the employment of an Executive
Director in any executive position of the Group, such Executive Director is entitled to a basic salary and allowance and a
discretionary bonus, which are determined by the Remuneration Committee with reference to his/her duties and
responsibilities, his/her performance, the performance of the Group and the market conditions. A significant portion of the
Executive Directors’ or senior management’s discretionary bonus is based on the Company’s and the individual’s performance
during the year in order to achieve an appropriate compensation level. INEDs are entitled to a Director’s fee and basic allowance
as well as an allowance for attending each meeting of Board and Board committees, which are determined by the Board with
reference to the market conditions. None of the Directors is entitled to determine his/her own remuneration package. The
Remuneration Committee reviews and approves the annual and long term performance targets for senior management with
reference to corporate goals and objectives approved by the Board from time to time. The Remuneration Committee also
reviews the performance of the senior management against the targets set on an ongoing basis, and reviews and approves the
specific performance- based remuneration of the senior management. The Remuneration Committee seeks professional advice
in appropriate circumstance at the cost of the Company.

The remuneration received by each of the Directors in 2023 is listed in note 8(a) to the financial statements in this Annual
Report. The current Directors’ remuneration approved by the Board as authorised by Shareholders at the general meeting is as
follows:

There is no Director’s fee for Executive Directors and Non-executive Directors. The Director’s fee is HK$200,000 per annum for
each INED who has served for one full year and pro-rated for INED who did not serve for one full year. There is no standard fee
for INEDs for acting as member(s) of the Remuneration Committee, Audit and Risk Management Committee, Nomination
Committee, ESG Committee and Strategy Committee. However, an allowance is to be paid to INEDs for attending the following
meetings:

(a)   HK$12,000 for attending a Board meeting;

(b)   HK$7,000 for attending a meeting of the Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, ESG Committee and
      Strategy Committee; and

(c)   HK$20,000 for the chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee attending its meeting and HK$16,000 for
      other members.

A basic allowance in a total amount of HK$100,000 is to be paid to each INED every year, which will be distributed in two equal
installments by 30 June and 31 December of each year.


                                                                                                                                    57
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
     The remuneration of the members of the senior management (including Executive Director) by band for the year ended 31
     December 2023 is set out below:


      REMUNERATION BANDS (HK$)                                                                    NUMBER OF PERSONS
      Less than HK$500,000                                                                                                      1
      HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                              1
      HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                              4

     Further particulars regarding Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees as required to be disclosed pursuant
     to Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules are set out in note 8 to the financial statements.


     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
     In 2021, the ESG Committee was established by the Board and aims to integrate ESG principles into business decision- making
     and keep pace with other international enterprises on ESG. The ESG Committee currently has five members comprising three
     Executive Directors, namely Mr. Lin Chun, Mr. An Xuesong and Ms. Wang Yun, a non-executive Director, Dr. Qin Hongyuan,
     and an INED, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen. Mr. Lin Chun is the chairman of the ESG Committee. The ESG Committee is
     responsible for assisting the Board in and reporting to the Board on the following areas, among others:

           to formulate and review the Group’s ESG vision, strategies, targets, governance structure and policies, and to monitor
           the incorporation of ESG principles into the business decision-making procedures;

           to identify and assess material ESG issues involving the business of the Group and/or other significant stakeholders and
           their priority, and to formulate the policy for communication with stakeholders;

           to review and monitor the implementation of the Group’s ESG policies and measures and the ESG-related risk
           management and internal control system;

           to monitor the Group’s ESG performance and effectiveness; and

           to review the ESG reports prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules or other applicable laws and
           regulations, and to make recommendations to the Board for approval and confirming the issuance of ESG statements of
           the Board.

     The ESG Committee held two meetings during the year to review the work plan of the ESG working group and adopt the ESG
     policies, including the Climate Change Policy, of the Group, etc. The attendance rate of the ESG Committee meeting was
     62.5%.


     Strategy Committee
     The Strategy Committee is responsible for studying the long term strategy and planning of the Group and making
     recommendations to the Board for the middle and long term development strategies of the Group. The Strategy Committee
     currently has seven members comprising, the Chairman of the Board and a Non-executive Director, Mr. Yu Fachang, two
     Executive Directors, Mr. Lin Chun and Mr. An Xuesong, and four INEDs Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, Dr. Lin Zhijun, Dr. Chung
     Shui Ming Timpson and Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund. Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, an INED, is the chairman of the Strategy
     Committee.


     Independent Board Committee
     An Independent Board Committee will be formed from time to time to make recommendation and give advice to the
     independent Shareholders on voting on the Company’s connected transactions and continuing connected transactions or other
     transactions of the Group that require independent Shareholders’ approval at general meetings.




58
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
CEL aims to ensure that the disclosures provide meaningful information and do not give a misleading impression. As part of the
Company’s system of internal control, the Management Decision Committee formed by the Management submits a
“Representation Letter” to the Board, in which they give their confirmation on the competence of the accounting records, the
compliance of financial reporting, the accuracy of the fair value of the investment projects and that the information provided to
the External Auditor and Board members are of full range, complete, correct and without omission, covering financial and
relevant non-financial information. The letter forms the supporting documents for the Board to sign off the Representation
Letter to the External Auditor.


INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has the responsibility of ensuring that the Company maintains sound and effective internal control to safeguard the
Company’s assets. The internal control system is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
misstatement or loss; to manage, but not completely eliminate, the risks of system failure; and to assist in achieving the
Company’s objectives. In addition to safeguarding the Company’s assets, it also ensures the maintenance of proper accounting
records and compliance with relevant laws and regulations.

The Company’s risk management and internal control systems include several different functions: business units, operations,
risk management, legal and compliance, institutional sales, brand management, company secretarial, finance and accounting,
human resources, information technology, administration, internal audit, etc., which constitute a comprehensive operating
system for the Company. Riding on the concept of comprehensive risk management and internal control systems, the
Management establishes detailed governing procedures in all levels, which are monitored by qualified professionals with
extensive management experience and continuously updated according to the Company’s latest business development.


The Group’s monitoring structure
In order to fully control the level of risk and to monitor the internal management effectively, the Company integrates the
requirements of risk management and internal control into the corporate management and business processes by setting up
“three lines of defense”:


1st. The risk management performed by frontline departments
      In response to the business conditions and its development, the business units perform systematic analysis, verification,
      management and monitoring on risk factors from different perspectives, such as strategic risk, market risk, financial risk,
      operational risk and ESG risk, etc. The Management sets business goals and the overall risk limits at both the business
      unit level and the Company level. Based on the nature of the business activities, the Management sets up approval,
      verification and monitoring processes to ensure the business development and risk management complement each
      other, and to ensure that the business goals can be achieved by managing risk effectively. By adopting a comprehensive,
      systematic and proactive framework of risk management and internal control, the Company’s business can be developed
      more effectively and efficiently.


2nd. Continuously monitoring by middle and back office
      The middle and back offices, including Finance and Accounting, Operations, Risk Management, Legal and Compliance,
      Company Secretary, etc., must set up relevant internal control and management systems to monitor the risk exposures,
      supplement and update the internal control and management procedures based on the latest business development and
      changes of risk. Meanwhile, middle and back offices and business units work independently to perform financial,
      operational and compliance monitoring as well as risk management functions within the Company.




                                                                                                                                    59
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     3rd. The independent review of internal audit
           Internal audit is an independent department carrying out objective review and providing advisory service. It uses
           systematic and standardised approach to evaluate whether the operating activities, risk management and internal control
           are appropriate and effective. The Head of Internal Audit Department reports directly to the Audit and Risk Management
           Committee on its work while the daily administrative and human resource matters of the department are reported to the
           President of the Group.

           Based on the risk oriented principle, Internal Audit compiles annual audit plan and rolling audit plan to make sure that its
           audit covers all business and operation processes and their related risks. In accordance with the annual audit plan
           approved by the Audit and Risk Management Committee, Internal Audit reviews the effectiveness of the Company’s risk
           management and internal control systems, and prepares internal audit reports quarterly for the Audit and Risk
           Management Committee to review and the relevant management to follow up. Internal Audit also submits the audit
           follow-up reports quarterly to ensure that the management and relevant departments have taken appropriate actions
           towards the audit suggestion which aims at improving the risk management and internal control procedures.

           Based on the results of the relevant internal audit and assessment of internal control, Internal Audit develops,
           implements and updates the internal audit strategy so as to improve the quality of audit.


     The review of risk management and internal control by the Board
     Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department prepares the risk management report on a quarterly basis and submits it
     to the Audit and Risk Management Committee for review. The report outlines the risks faced by CEL, changes in business
     activities, compliance issues and recommendations. In addition, the Board reviews the effectiveness of CEL’s risk management
     and internal control systems with the assistance of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, which covers all material
     control including financial, operational and compliance control, and the risk management (included but not limited to the risk in
     relation to ESG) system. The results of the annual review of the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal
     control systems were reported to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Board by the Internal Audit Department.
     The Board acknowledged that the risk management and internal control systems of the Company during the review period
     were effective and adequate.

     The Board acknowledges that it has the ultimate responsibility to ensure that there are sound and effective financial control,
     internal audit and accounting functions. The Board delegates the Audit and Risk Management Committee with the responsibility
     of reviewing the adequacy of the resources of accounting and financial report, and internal audit functions, as well as those
     relating to ESG performance and reporting on an annual basis, with the assistance of the Management and the Internal Audit
     Department. The scope of the review covers the staffing and back-up resources, their relevant working experiences and years
     served, recognised professional qualifications, the adequacy of budget for training and the corresponding training. The results of
     the annual review were reported to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Board.

     The Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Board consider that the material aspects of the Company’s risk
     management and internal control systems are reasonably implemented and are able to prevent significant misstatements or
     losses, whilst safeguarding the Group’s assets, maintaining appropriate accounting records and complying with applicable laws
     and regulations. Such internal control system has basically fulfilled the requirements of the Code as set out in Appendix C1 of
     the Listing Rules regarding risk management and internal control systems in general.

     In addition, CEL has established and implemented the following internal control system:

           The Management established an organisational structure with different hierarchies of duties, authorities and
           responsibilities of personnel; formulated written policies and procedures to provide checks and balances for the
           authorities of different departments; reasonably safeguarded the assets and the implementation of the internal control
           measures of the Company; and operated in compliance with laws and regulations under effective risk control.

           The Management formulated and continually monitored the implementation of the Company’s development strategies,
           business plans and financial budgets. The accounting and management systems were also in place to provide the basis
           for evaluating the financial and operational performance.



60
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




      The Company formulated various risk management and human resource management policies. Specific units and
      personnel were responsible for identifying, assessing and managing each of the major risks types. These include
      reputation, strategic, legal, compliance, credit, market, operation, liquidity and interest rate risk.

      The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance is responsible for the routine risk
      management work of the Company and for supporting and assisting the Management in defining and evaluating the risk
      exposures of the Company’s businesses and conducting the co-ordination thereof. He assesses, identifies and records
      the risk structure of the Company and ensures the relevant business units are aware of such issues. He regularly reports
      to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Management Decision Committee. The Risk Management, Legal
      and Compliance Department assists him in carrying out his duties.

      The Audit and Risk Management Committee reviews the letter of recommendation submitted by the External Auditor to
      the Management in connection with the annual audit. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for ensuring that the
      recommendations are promptly followed, and also periodically reports the status of the implementation thereof to the
      Audit and Risk Management Committee and keep the Management informed with updated information.


Anti-corruption
The Group has established policies and systems that promote and support anti-corruption laws and regulations. Please refer to
the paragraphs headed “Anti-Corruption” in the separate ESG Report for 2023. The ESG report is published on the websites of
the Company at www.everbright.com (by clicking “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” under “Sustainability”) and
the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report in compliance with the
ESG Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.


RISK MANAGEMENT
With assistance of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the
nature and extent of the risks that it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives. With assistance of the
Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and the Management, the Audit and Risk Management Committee is
responsible for ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal
control systems. The Management’s written confirmation on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
system’s structure, their implementation and monitoring to the Board has been set out in the Risk Management Report on
pages 67 to 75 in this Annual Report.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted its own “Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant Employees” (the “Code”) on
terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules to govern the securities transactions of the Directors
and relevant employees of the Company. Following a specific enquiry made by the Company, all Directors confirmed that they
have complied with the required standard set out in both the Code and the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
December 2023.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the year, there is no change in the Company’s constitutional documents.




                                                                                                                                    61
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     EXTERNAL AUDITOR
     Pursuant to the responsibility delegated by the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee had reviewed and monitored
     the independence, objectivity and effectiveness of Ernst & Young (“EY”), the Group’s External Auditor, on their audit
     procedures, and the results were satisfactory. Upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the
     Board had proposed that EY be re-appointed as auditor of the Group for the year of 2023. The re-appointment of EY as auditor
     of the Group for the year of 2023 and the authorization of the Board to determine the remuneration for EY were approved at the
     Company’s annual general meeting held on 15 June 2023.

     For 2023, EY charged total fees of HK$16,000,000 for audit services, HK$2,547,000 for non-audit services (including
     HK$1,844,000 for the review of the interim financial statements and HK$703,000 for tax and other services). For 2022, EY
     charged total fees of HK$16,129,000 for audit services, HK$2,555,000 for non-audit services (including HK$1,844,000 for the
     review of interim financial statements and HK$706,000 for tax and other services).

     According to the relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and the State-owned
     Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People’s Republic of China regarding the audit
     work on financial statements of central state-owned enterprises, there are restrictions in respect of the years of audit services
     that an accounting firm can continuously provide to a central state-owned enterprise. The Company is a subsidiary of China
     Everbright Group Ltd. which is a central state-owned enterprise. Since the number of years that the Company has continuously
     engaged its existing independent auditor, EY, is approaching the prescribed time limit and in order to maintain good corporate
     governance and enhance the independence of the auditor, EY will retire as the auditor of the Company with effect from the
     conclusion of the 2024 annual general meeting, and will not be re-appointed.

     The Company has received a written confirmation letter dated 22 March 2024 from EY confirming that there are no
     circumstances connected with its retirement that need to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders. The Board and the
     Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board further confirmed that there are no disagreements or unresolved matters
     between the Company and EY and there are no other matters in connection with the retirement of the auditor that need to be
     brought to the attention of the Shareholders.

     The Audit and Risk Management Committee has considered a number of factors when recommending KPMG as the auditor of
     the Company to the Board. The Board, with the recommendation from the Audit and Risk Management Committee, proposed
     to appoint KPMG as the auditor of the Company for the year ending 31 December 2024 following the retirement of EY, and to
     hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2025, subject to the approval
     of the Shareholders at the 2024 annual general meeting.


     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The following statement should be read in conjunction with the auditor’s statement of its responsibilities as set out in the
     Independent Auditor’s Report contained in the 2023 Annual Report of the Company. The statement sets out for the
     Shareholders the respective responsibilities of the Directors and the auditors in relation to the financial statements.

     The Directors are required by the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Companies Ordinance”)
     to prepare financial statements which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company. The financial statements
     should be prepared on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to do so. The Directors have the responsibility of ensuring
     that the Company keeps accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Company and
     which enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the requirements of the Companies Ordinance. The
     Directors also have general responsibilities for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the
     Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

     The Directors consider that in preparing the financial statements in the 2023 Annual Report, the Company has adopted
     appropriate accounting policies which have been consistently applied with the support of reasonable and prudent judgments
     and estimates, and that all accounting standards which they consider to be applicable have been followed. Directors ensure
     that the financial statements are prepared so as to give a true and fair view of the financial status, results and cash flow status
     of the reporting period.



62
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




EFFECTIVE DISCLOSURE MECHANISM AND HANDLING OF INSIDE INFORMATION
The Board reviews and monitors from time to time the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure process for reports,
announcements and inside information. It encourages and takes necessary steps to disclose information in a timely manner and
to ensure the information concerning the Company is expressed and communicated in a clear and objective manner that
enables the Shareholders and the public to appraise the position of the Company to make informed investment decisions.

The Company’s “Inside Information Policy” maintains procedures and internal control for the handling and dissemination of its
inside information. The Board is aware of its obligations under the Listing Rules. The overriding principle is that information
which is expected to be inside information should be announced immediately when it is the subject of a decision. The Company
has stated in its “Inside Information Policy” that it has a strict prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential or inside
information and has established and implemented procedures for responding to external enquiries about the Company’s affairs.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Annual General Meeting
The Board attaches a high degree of importance to non-interrupted communications with Shareholders, especially direct
dialogue with them at the Company’s annual general meetings. Shareholders are encouraged to actively participate in such
meetings. Directors, including the Chairman and INEDs, and representatives of EY were present at the Company’s 2023 annual
general meeting held on 15 June 2023 to address to questions and comments raised by Shareholders.

In addition, the Company also provided further information on the 2023 annual general meeting in a circular to Shareholders.
This includes background information to the proposed resolutions and information on the retirement and re-election of Directors
in order to enable all Shareholders to understand their rights at the annual general meeting and to make decisions with
sufficient information.

Through the Company Secretary, the Chairman ensures that appropriate steps are taken to provide effective communication
with Shareholders and that their views are communicated to the Board as a whole. All INEDs attended the annual general
meeting. Shareholders could express their concerns to the INEDs. The opinions of INEDs have significant influence on the
Board in the process of making decisions.


Shareholders’ Communication Policy
The Company always advocates that all Shareholders shall be provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and
easy-to-understand information about the Company (including its financial summary, business introduction, corporate profile,
introduction of corporate governance, business and contact information of investor relations), which allow the Shareholders to
exercise their rights in an informed manner, and also improve communications between the Shareholders, potential investors
and other stakeholders with the Company.

The Company has adopted a formal Shareholders’ communication policy. The Company believes that communicating with the
Shareholders and investors by electronic means (in particular through the Company’s website (www.everbright.com )) is an
efficient way of delivering information in a timely and convenient manner. The “Investor Relations” section is available on the
Company’s website. Information published on the Company’s website is updated from time to time. Information released by
the Company on the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Company’s website immediately thereafter. Such information
includes financial statements (annual report and interim report), result announcements, circulars, notices of general meetings,
announcements and monthly returns on movements in securities, etc. The briefing materials provided in the annual general
meeting and the result announcement of the Company are posted on the website of the Company as soon as possible once
the materials are published. The contents published by the Company regarding all press releases, corporate profiles, corporate
structure, biographical information of the Directors and the Management, service philosophy and corporate social responsibility
are posted on the website of the Company. Corporate communications are provided to the Shareholders and the public in plain
language and in both English and Chinese versions to facilitate understanding of the Shareholders and other stakeholders of the
Group. Web-casting services are provided on the meetings announcing the interim and final results of the Company.




                                                                                                                                   63
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Physical or online investor briefings and one-on-one meetings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media interviews,
     marketing activities for investors and specialist industry forums are available on a regular basis in order to facilitate
     communications between the Company and the Shareholders and other stakeholders.

     The general meeting is the principal opportunity and ideal venue for Shareholders to exchange views on the Company’s
     business with the Directors and the Management. The Board therefore encourages Shareholders to attend the annual general
     meeting, exercise their right to speak and vote, and give valuable advice on the Company’s operational and governance matters.
     A Q&A session is held at each general meeting to give opportunities to Shareholders to raise questions and share their views in
     relation to the Group’s affairs. Directors (including the Chairman of the Board, the INEDs and the chairman of the Board
     committees, or their duly appointed delegates) and the Management should be available at general meetings to respond to the
     Shareholders’ questions and comments. The Company also ensures that the representative of the External Auditor attend the
     Company’s annual general meetings to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the
     auditors’ report, the accounting policies and auditor independence, etc.

     The Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Secretaries
     Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong with contact number of (+852) 2980 1333. The
     Company shall ensure effective and timely dissemination of information to the Shareholders and the public at all times. The
     Shareholders, potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group may direct their questions to the Corporate
     Communications Team by email to ir@everbright.com or by phone at (+852) 2528 9882.

     Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy of the Company, the Board
     considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy has provided effective channels for Shareholders,
     potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group to communicate their views with the Company and the Company has
     complied with the principles and required practices as set out in the policy as described above during the year.


     Dividend Policy
     The Board has adopted a dividend policy for the Company. In principle, the policy allows the Shareholders to share the profits of
     the Company to obtain reasonable, stable and sustainable dividend returns whilst retaining an adequate cash level to meet
     general working capital and future development requirements. Based on the above principle, the Company intends to distribute
     an appropriate amount of annual dividends, part of which may be declared in the form of an interim dividend, subject to the
     Articles, the Companies Ordinance and other applicable laws and regulations and taking into account any factor that the Board
     considers relevant. The dividend policy of the Company is subject to periodic review by the Board. The dividend policy does not
     form any commitment on distribution of dividends to the Shareholders and there is no assurance that dividends will be paid in
     any particular amount for any given period.


     Shareholders’ Rights
     Shareholders are entitled to convene an extraordinary general meeting, make any proposals at Shareholders’ meetings and
     propose a person for election as a Director. Please see the detailed procedure as follows:


           the way in which Shareholders can convene a general meeting:

           Shareholder(s) representing at least 5 per cent of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at
           general meetings can make a request to call a general meeting pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance.

           The request –

           (a)   must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting;

           (b)   may include the text of a resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the meeting;

           (c)   may consist of several documents in like form;




64
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023




(d)   may be sent in hard copy form or in electronic form to the Company Secretary at the Company’s registered office
      (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong) or by way of email to ir@everbright.com ; and

(e)   must be authenticated by the person or persons making it.

Pursuant to Section 567 of the Companies Ordinance, Directors must call a general meeting within 21 days after the date
on which they become subject to the requirement and the meeting so called must be held on a date not more than 28
days after the date of the notice convening the meeting. If the Directors do not do so, the Shareholders who requested
the meeting, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves
convene a general meeting pursuant to Section 568 of the Companies Ordinance, but the meeting must be called for a
date not more than 3 months after the date on which the Directors become subject to the requirement to call a general
meeting. The Company will reimburse any reasonable expenses incurred by the Shareholders requesting the meeting by
reason of the failure of the Directors duly to call a general meeting.


the procedures for making proposals at Shareholders’ meetings:

The following Shareholders are entitled to put forward a proposal (which may properly be put to the meeting) for
consideration at a general meeting of the Company:

(a)   Shareholders representing not less than 2.5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders who have a right to vote
      on the resolution at the general meeting to which the requests relate; or

(b)   not fewer than 50 Shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the general meeting to which the
      requests relate.

The requisition specifying the proposal, duly signed by the Shareholders concerned, together with a statement of not
more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in the proposal, must be deposited at the registered office
of the Company (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong) not less than six weeks before the
general meeting. The Company will take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements, and the Shareholders
concerned will be responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto in accordance with the requirements
under Sections 615 and 616 of the Companies Ordinance once valid documents are received.


the procedure for Director’s nomination and election by Shareholders:

If a Shareholder wishes to propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as a Director at a general meeting,
the Shareholder should lodge at the registered office of the Company (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
Road, Hong Kong) by reference to the “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director”
posted on the website of the Company, (a) a notice signed by such Shareholder (other than the proposed person) duly
qualified to attend and vote at the meeting of his/her intention to propose such person for election; and (b) a notice
signed by the proposed person indicating his/her willingness to be elected. The period during which the aforesaid notices
may be given will be at least seven days. Such period will commence on the day after the despatch of the notice of the
general meeting for which such notices are given and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such general
meeting. The Company will take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements in accordance with the
requirements under Article 122 of the Articles once valid notices are received, and the Shareholder concerned will be
responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto. Shareholders are welcome to send any written enquiries
to the Board for the attention of the Company Secretary either by post to the registered office of the Company at 46th
Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong or by way of email to ir@everbright.com . The Company
Secretary will direct enquiries received to appropriate Board member(s) or the chairman of the Board Committee(s) who
is in charge of the areas of concern referred therein for further handling. The Board, assisted by the Company Secretary,
would make its best efforts to ensure that all such enquiries are addressed in a timely manner.




                                                                                                                              65
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     SUSTAINABLE CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
     The Company attaches great importance to corporate social responsibility. The Board is committed to undertaking corporate
     social responsibility by strengthening relationship with its stakeholders with a view to contributing to the sustainable
     development of the economy, society and environment. The Company consistently supports and participates in activities that
     are beneficial to the community. A separate ESG report for 2023 is published on the websites of the Company at
     www.everbright.com (by clicking “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” under “Sustainability”) and the Stock
     Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report in compliance with the
     Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.


     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Ms. Wan Kim Ying Kasina, the Company Secretary of the Company, is a full time employee of the Company who is familiar with
     the daily operation of the Company. She is a Fellow of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered
     Governance Institute of the United Kingdom, thereby possessing the relevant professional qualifications as stipulated by the
     Listing Rules. In addition, she holds a Master of Business Administration degree of Murdoch University, Western Australia and
     a Master of Corporate Governance degree of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, and also has more than 15 years of
     practical experience in corporate governance and company secretarial practices in listed companies. The Company Secretary is
     responsible for advising the Board on all corporate governance matters. The Directors have access to the services provided by
     the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary confirmed that during the year, she has taken no less than 15 hours of
     relevant professional training.

     The Articles states that the appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is a matter for the Board. Changes and
     appointment of Company Secretary are dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution.

     The Company Secretary plays an important role in supporting the Board and Board Committees by ensuring good information
     flow within the Board and that Board policy and procedures are followed. All Directors have access to the advice and services
     of the Company Secretary to ensure that Board procedures, and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, are followed. The
     Company Secretary also plays an essential role in the relationship between the Company and Shareholders, including by
     assisting the Board in the discharge of its obligations to Shareholders pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company Secretary
     also ensures that the Board and Board committee members are provided with sufficient resources and have access to all
     employees, Directors, agents or consultants for information, and are able to obtain independent professional opinions at the
     cost of the Company to discharge their duties properly.




66
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT


THE SCOPE OF RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between taking risk and generating returns for shareholders and is
accountable for the Group’s ongoing monitoring of risk and of the internal controls. It considers the most significant risks facing
the Group and the relevant risk management.

INEDs’ overseeing of the risk management process is exercised through the Audit and Risk Management Committee with
respect to standards of integrity, financial reporting, risk management and internal controls.

The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, who reports directly to the Audit and
Risk Management Committee, has responsibility for the risk and control framework of the Group and the independent
monitoring and reporting of risk reporting and controls.


Risk Management Framework:
The Group’s risk management framework is designed to support the delivery of the Group’s strategic objectives. The key
principles that underpin risk management in the Company are:

      the Board and the Management Decision Committee promote a culture in which risks are identified, assessed and
      reported in an open, transparent and objective manner; and

      the over-riding priority is to protect the Group’s long-term viability and reputation and produce sustainable, medium to
      long-term returns.

Risk management is embedded within all areas of the business. The Group expects individual behaviours to mirror the culture
and core values of the Company. All employees undertake the responsibility of upholding the Company’s risk and control
culture and supporting effective risk management to enable the Company to deliver its strategy.


Internal Control Framework:
The Group operates a “three lines of defence” framework for identifying, preventing and controlling risks.

The first line of defence against undesirable outcomes is the business unit and the respective line managers. Department
heads of their own business areas take the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate controls.

Line management is supplemented by overseeing unit, such as Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, Operations, Finance
and Accounting, Company Secretarial, which constitute the second line of defence.

Internal Audit can provide retrospective, independent auditing over the operation of controls and is the third line of defence. The
internal audit duty includes reviews of risk management and internal control processes and provides recommendations to
improve the control environment.


RISK & INTERNAL CONTROL REVIEW
Risk events are captured by the business will assess and report through a workflow by the second and third lines of defence,
with continuous follow-up on subsequent improvements. When control failings and inefficient processes are identified, the
second and third line of defence teams also conduct deep dive analyses and reviews to identify potential risks and make or
supervise remediations.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee holds a regular meeting quarterly for assessing internal control of the Group and
the effectiveness of risk management.




                                                                                                                                      67
     Risk Management Report | Continued




     The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, supported by Risk Management, Legal
     and Compliance Department and other internal control relevant departments mentioned above, identifies Company’s risk and
     internal control profile, continuously supervises and promotes enhancements and improvements to the mechanisms of the risk
     control system, and reports to the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the major risks and internal control profile of the
     Company on a quarterly basis. Committee members contribute views and raise questions at its meeting to ensure risk
     management and internal controls are effective and in place. For further details, please refer to the relevant contents of the
     Corporate Governance Report.


     EFFECTIVENESS OF FINANCIAL REPORTING & LISTING RULES COMPLIANCE
     With support and input from the External Auditor, the Audit and Risk Management Committee has considered, challenged and
     reviewed financial reporting of the Group, assessed whether suitable accounting policies have been adopted, whether
     management have been made appropriate estimates and judgments and whether disclosures in published financial statements
     are fair, balanced and understandable.

     The compliance of regulatory requirements (including Listing Rules) is supported by Company Secretarial Department/Board
     Office. The Audit and Risk Management Committee has considered and assessed the relevant regulatory compliance through
     the compliance review section in the quarterly risk and internal control review report. The compliance review has summarised
     the status of regulatory and compliance matters, corrective actions and the recommendation to the Committee for the
     enhancements of the relevant compliance matters.

     In regard to the above, the Audit and Risk Management Committee considers the Group’s processes for financial reporting and
     Listing Rules’ compliance are effective.


     PROCESS OF ASSESSMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF SIGNIFICANT RISKS
     The Group re-examines its risk appetite annually taking into consideration factors such as strategy and financial goals, and
     adjusts and revises the nature and degree of various risks willing to assume in order to achieve business development
     strategies and goals, and implements them after evaluation and approval by the Board. The Risk Management, Legal and
     Compliance Department implements relevant risk monitoring mechanisms to monitor market, operational, legal and compliance
     risks on a daily basis, and uses scientific and professional skills to examine whether the overall operation of the Company
     meets the standards set by its risk appetite.

     Specifically, risk identification and assessment are conducted using both a top down approach and a bottom up approach to
     ensure a thorough risk assessment at the macro and micro levels. The top down approach mainly considers the objective
     external factors and the strategic planning of the Company to identify and assess the risks having the most significant impact to
     the Group resulting from the relevant factors. The bottom up approach ensures that the Company can carry out a
     comprehensive examination of internal risks, conduct data analysis to verify key trends, identify and set priorities for key risks,
     and provide management with opinions and recommendations on matters that could impact operational development and
     business results.

     The Group uses the above methods to identify significant risks, evaluates the likelihood and impact of each significant risk, with
     reference to associated measures and performance of key indicators, and uses qualitative and quantitative approaches to
     describe and report on such risks. Meanwhile, the Group will assess the adequacy of its risk mitigation measures, and review
     and formulate additional measures if necessary. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and
     Compliance oversees the overall risk management and reports to the Audit and Risk Management Committee on a quarterly
     basis.




68
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




MAIN FEATURES OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Terms of Reference
The Board operates within clearly defined terms of reference, and it reserves certain matters for its own consideration and
decision. It has established appropriate committees, such as the Executive Board Committee, the Audit and Risk Management
Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
and the Strategy Committee, to oversee risk and control activities.

These committees also have clearly defined terms of reference. The Board and committee processes are fundamental to the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control.


Risk Management & Internal Control
The Group maintains a comprehensive risk management and internal control framework and has clearly defined procedures for
identifying and handling risks and internal control concerns throughout the organisation. This framework helps the Group to
safeguard client assets, protect the interests of all stakeholders and meet the Group’s responsibilities as a Hong Kong listed
company and parent of a number of regulated entities.

The risk management and internal control framework also forms the basis upon which the Board reaches its conclusions on the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control.


BOARD RESPONSIBILITY ON RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s system of internal control framework, the ongoing monitoring of risk
management and internal control and reviewing their effectiveness periodically.

The system of control is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the Group’s business objectives
and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


PROCESS OF REVIEWING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROL
On behalf of the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee (“the Committee”) carried out the annual assessment of
the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control during 2023, including those related to the financial reporting
process. In addition, the Committee considered the adequacy of the Group’s risk management arrangements in the context of
the Group’s business and strategy.

In carrying out its assessment, the Committee considered reports from the Vice President in charge of Finance, the Internal
Audit Department and also from the External Auditor which enabled an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
management and internal control, and no significant failings or weaknesses were identified.

The Committee keeps reviewing the Group’s risk management arrangements and internal control through quarterly reports.

The risk and internal control review report sets out changes in the level or nature of the risks faced by the Group, developments
in risk management and operational events, including significant errors and omissions (if any). The report also outlines key
compliance issues and recommendations for the enhancement of regulatory risk mitigation. This independent report allowed
the Committee to consider the key risks and internal control matters faced by the Group and assessments of risk tolerance.
Key topics discussed by the Committee included operational, investment, surveillance & control, legal, counterparty credit,
acquisition integration, technology and financial risks, contingent liabilities and internal control.




                                                                                                                                    69
     Risk Management Report | Continued




     Internal Audit Department reviews progress against a rolling plan of internal audits approved by the Committee, and reports
     significant findings from audits and their subsequent remediation, and provides recommendations to improve the control
     environment to the Committee on a quarterly basis. The Committee has authority to appoint or remove the Department Head
     of Internal Audit, who reports directly to the Committee. The Committee is accountable for approving the objectives set by the
     Department Head of Internal Audit, appraising his/her performance against those objectives and for recommending his/her
     remuneration to the Group. The Committee also has responsibility for approving the Internal Audit budget and being satisfied
     that the Internal Audit function has appropriate resources and continues to be effective.


     REVIEW OF KEY RISKS
     The following table summarises the key risks and uncertainties that are inherent within both the Group’s business model and
     the market in which the Group operates along with the sophisticated level of controls and processes through which the Group
     aims to mitigate them. The risk factors mentioned below do not purport to be exhaustive as there may be additional risks that
     the Group has not yet identified or has deemed to be immaterial and not having a material adverse effect on the business.

      KEY RISK                                CHANGES IN 2023                     MITIGATING FACTORS
                                                               FINANCIAL
      Liquidity Risk
         Risk of failing to meet the             The Group has continued            The Group forecasts the firm-wide cash flows,
         Group’s contractual or payment          to hold sufficient bank            return and profitability at least annually. After
         obligations in a timely manner.         credit facilities and can use      consideration from the perspective on financial
                                                 these facilities appropriately     control and risk management, the Management
         Key risk that arises from high          to maintain liquidity, based       advises the Board regarding the optimised
         financial leverage occurs when a        on fund utilisation and cash       financial leverage ratio and relevant limits for
         company’s return on asset does          inflow conditions.                 approval.
         not exceed the interest on the
         loan, which greatly diminishes a        The Group monitors &               The approved financial leverage ratio and
         company’s return on equity and          control liquidity risk through     relevant limits are closely monitored by Finance
         profitability.                          methods such as financial          Department and Risk Management and Legal
                                                 budgets and stress tests.          Compliance Team regularly.
         Additionally, high financial            Under the objective
         leverage may raise the risk of          circumstances of the               Finance department closely monitors the
         failing to fulfil the relevant          adverse market                     Group’s cash position, available facilities and
         requirements from loan                  environment, the leverage          performs cash flow forecasting under the
         covenants (if any) and result in        of the Group has increased,        overseeing of Risk Management and Legal
         technical default.                      but liquidity remaining            Compliance Team.
                                                 normal.
                                                                                    The Group regularly performs long term
                                                                                    forecasts and uses stress tests to assess future
                                                                                    liquidity and short term forecasts to closely
                                                                                    monitor any change of liquidity need, and
                                                                                    formulates corresponding plans to ensure the
                                                                                    capability of the Group regarding long and short
                                                                                    term liquidity.

                                                                                    The Group has further enhanced its cash
                                                                                    reserves by stepping up efforts to exit existing
                                                                                    projects and conducting prudent evaluation on
                                                                                    new investment projects.




      Key:      Risk level increased                Risk level decreased                     No significant change in risk level



70
                                                                                          CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023




KEY RISK                               CHANGES IN 2023                 MITIGATING FACTORS
Exchange Rate Risk
   Risk that the Group’s financial      The impact of the                Monitor asset exposures by currency and the
   position is exposed to adverse       fluctuations in the              foreign currency rate movement regularly.
   movements in exchange rates.         exchange rate of RMB
                                        against Hong Kong dollars        Improve currency matching between asset and
                                        on the Group’s financial         liability, reducing currency mismatch risk.
                                        position has been reduced.
                                        The Group controls               Perform stress test and sensitivity analysis on
                                        exchange rate risk through       the effect of change in foreign currency rates.
                                        the counter balancing
                                        method to reduce the
                                        impact of exchange rate
                                        fluctuations on the
                                        Company.
Interest Rate Risk
   Change of the interest rate will     There has been an overall        Monitoring on interest rate mismatch and
   have negative impact on the          rise in borrowing costs due      sensitivity test are performed regularly.
   Group and its relevant portfolios    to rising USD/HKD interest
   if there is an interest rate         rates.                           The Group has managed to decrease overall
   mismatch of the assets and                                            loan borrowing cost by adjusting the whole loan
   liabilities.                         As Panda bonds accounted         structure by monitoring interest rate trends of
                                        for a considerable portion       USD/HKD and RMB.
                                        in the Company’s debt
                                        structure, the impact of         The interest rate risk of the Group is expected
                                        changes in USD/HKD               to lower gradually as the interest rate cutting
                                        interest rates on borrowing      cycle of USD is expected to begin
                                        costs is under control.
                                                    INVESTMENT
Market Risk
   Risk arises from market              Affected by various factors      Analysing and estimating market risks on a
   movements, which can cause a         such as the                      forward-looking basis.
   fall in the value of investment      macroeconomic landscape,
   assets.                              geopolitical conflicts and       Limits on the aggregate amount of seed capital
                                        fluctuations in the capital      investment and enhance investment
                                        market, the value of the         diversification.
                                        Group’s assets invested is
                                        subject to short-term            The Group actively develops fee-based business
                                        volatility. However, the         so that our return and profitability will be more
                                        impact of this volatility is     stable. The Group continues to strengthen
                                        diminished to a certain          capital market research and judgement and
                                        extent.                          tracking of corporate operating conditions, and
                                                                         strengthens risk control effectively through
                                                                         various means such as monitoring of market
                                                                         value.




Key:     Risk level increased              Risk level decreased                   No significant change in risk level



                                                                                                                             71
     Risk Management Report | Continued




      KEY RISK                               CHANGES IN 2023                   MITIGATING FACTORS
      Credit Risk
         Risk exposed to credit losses if     The Group’s provision on         The Group seeks to minimize our credit risk from
         borrowers are unable to repay        loan in 2023 has increased,      its lending by:
         loans and outstanding interest       but the overall credit risk is
         and fees.                            within controllable level.          Mainly lending on a secured basis with
                                                                                  significant emphasis placed on quality control of
         In addition, the Group has           The Group’s counterparty            the underlying security.
         exposure to counterparties with      risks are broadly
         which it places deposits or          unchanged.                          Manage to maintain consistent and conservative
         trades, and derivative contracts.                                        loan to value ratios and short-term tenor.

                                                                                  Operating strong control and governance both
                                                                                  within business units and with overseeing by
                                                                                  Risk Management and Legal Compliance Team.

                                                                                  Enhance credit management, expedite the
                                                                                  collection of loan assets, and exercise caution in
                                                                                  extending new loans

                                                                               The Group’s exposures to counterparties are
                                                                               mitigated by:

                                                                                  Seek to diversify our exposures across different
                                                                                  counterparties.

                                                                                  Continuous monitoring of credit quality of our
                                                                                  counterparties.
      Operational Risk
         Risk of losses through               The Group’s Operations              The Group’s control systems are designed to
         inadequate or failed internal        Centre set up in 2015 has           ensure operational risks are mitigated to an
         processes, people or systems or      expanded rapidly and the            acceptable level.
         through external events.             identification, control and
                                              management on operational           Three lines of defence model mentioned above
                                              risks enhanced                      is the key point.
                                              continuously.
                                                                                  Risk and control assessments are used to
                                              The Group continuously              identify and assess key operational risks.
                                              boosts employees’                   Associated controls are assessed with regard to
                                              awareness of operational            their design and performance. Where required,
                                              risk and strengthens                processes and controls are enhanced/optimized
                                              system implementation               to improve the supervision and control.
                                              through various educational
                                              interactions such as training       The Group manages risk events through
                                              on systems and case                 identification, evaluation, reporting, risk
                                              sharing.                            mitigating resolution and continuous monitoring
                                                                                  with the aim of preventing major operational
                                                                                  risk.

                                                                                  Relevant trading/settlement/investment
                                                                                  operation management systems/information
                                                                                  management systems are implemented, and
                                                                                  automation procedures are enhanced and
                                                                                  strengthened continuously to mitigate relevant
                                                                                  operational risks.


      Key:     Risk level increased              Risk level decreased                      No significant change in risk level



72
                                                                                          CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023




KEY RISK                                CHANGES IN 2023                MITIGATING FACTORS
Legal and Regulatory Risk
   Changes to the existing legal,        The changes in legal and        Risk Management and Legal Compliance
   regulatory and tax environments       regaulatory requirements in     Department tracks developments of regulatory
   and failure to comply with            recent years have led           matters to offer professional advice to the Group
   existing requirements may             to additional reporting         on the related changes in relevant laws and
   materially impact the Group.          requirements, operational       regulations, and to advise on developing
                                         complexity and cost to the      policies, delivering training and performing
   Failing to treat customers fairly,    Group.                          monitoring checks and to provide advice to
   safeguard client assets or provide                                    other departments to ensure compliance with
   advice/products that contrary to      The Group has continued         regulatory compliance requirements.
   clients’ best interest may            to improve its legal risk
   damage the Group’s reputation         prevention and control          To advise on the approval, monitoring and
   and may lead to legal or              system, continuously            review of existing and new funds/products/
   regulatory consequences               enhanced the compliance         investments.
   including litigation, regulatory      review process, and
   condemnation and customer             comprehensively prevented       Training for relevant staff regarding the
   redress. This applies to current,     and controlled legal            regulatory compliance requirements.
   past and future business.             compliance risk.
                                                                         Continuous monitoring of key regulatory
                                                                         compliance requirements.
Information Technology Risk
   Risk of failure to keep up with       The Company continued to        The Group continues to invest in its IT
   changing client expectations or       invest and upgrade its IT       infrastructure, data management system,
   manage upgrades to existing           infrastructure and systems,     reporting system and other software/systems.
   technology may impact the             including corporate data
   Group’s performance.                  warehouse, investment           The Group has sound governance in place to
                                         management system and           oversee our major IT projects.
                                         order management system.
                                                                         The Group has in place business continuity and
                                                                         disaster recovery plans.




Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                  No significant change in risk level



                                                                                                                             73
     Risk Management Report | Continued




      KEY RISK                                  CHANGES IN 2023                 MITIGATING FACTORS
      Loss of Key Personnel Risk
         Risk of failure to recruit or retain    The Group has continued          The Group seeks to develop, attract, motivate
         appropriately skilled and               to employ professionals in       and retain staff through comprehensive human
         experienced staff may have a            the field of asset               resource policies.
         material adverse effect on the          management to carry out
         Group’s operations and                  investment and risk              Comprehensive, systematic and highly
         implementation of its strategy.         management.                      transparent evaluation policies are used to
                                                                                  evaluate staff performance.

                                                                                  Maintains loyalty through appropriate
                                                                                  remuneration and benefit packages.

                                                                                  Contracts for relevant roles have restrictive
                                                                                  covenants and enhanced notice periods are in
                                                                                  place for key staff.

                                                                                  Comprehensive training is offered to all staff to
                                                                                  promote individual and team development.

                                                                                  In order to avoid reliance on any one individual
                                                                                  staff, teams are required to ensure each
                                                                                  individual has another staff as alternative
                                                                                  backup.

                                                                                  We have set up promotion policy so that
                                                                                  employees have clear career path to pursue and
                                                                                  are motivated to stay for long term
                                                                                  development.
                                                            REPUTATIONAL
      Reputational Risk
         Risk that negative publicity            Adhering to the principle of     High standards of conduct and a principled
         regarding the Group will lead to        active prudence, the Group       approach to regulatory compliance are integral
         client redemptions and a decline        has strengthened                 to the Group’s corporate culture and values. The
         in AUM and revenue.                     monitoring of public             Group considers reputational risks as a key
                                                 opinions and maintained a        factor when initiating changes in strategy or
         The risk of damage to the               stable environment in            operating model.
         Group’s reputation is more likely       terms of public opinions.
         as a result from one of the other                                        Maintain effective monitoring and guidance of
         key risks but a standalone risk.                                         public opinion, while enhancing the
                                                                                  management and oversight of the Company’s
                                                                                  brand usage.

                                                                                  Reputational risk is primarily mitigated through
                                                                                  the effective mitigation of the other key risks.

                                                                                  The Group’s risk appetite, risk and compliance
                                                                                  policies, governance structures and reward
                                                                                  mechanism include significant focus on issues
                                                                                  and behaviours that could positively affect the
                                                                                  Group’s reputation.




      Key:      Risk level increased                Risk level decreased                   No significant change in risk level



74
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023




ESG RISK MANAGEMENT
ESG risks refer to the risks to which an enterprise is exposed in environmental, social and governance terms, which may have
an adverse impact on the Group’s mid- and long-term financial position and enterprise value. The ESG risk control structure
adopted by the Group is as follows:

      The Group’s risk management work is mainly led by the Vice President in charge of Risk Management, Legal and
      Compliance, and monitored by the Audit and Risk Management Committee. ESG risks are managed by the ESG
      Committee under, and overseen by, the Board.

      The ESG Committee, under the authorization of the Board, is responsible for formulating the Group’s ESG responsibilities,
      policies, strategies and objectives, supervising the performance and effectiveness of the implementation of ESG-related
      responsibilities, and regularly reporting to the Board on relevant matters.

      The ESG Task Force under the ESG Committee is responsible for the implementation of the responsibilities, policies and
      resolutions formulated by the ESG Committee, reporting the work results to the ESG Committee, and proposing work
      adjustments and improvements.

      Investment teams implement the Group’s ESG policies in daily activities of investment and management.

During the reporting period, the Group effectively managed ESG risks through continuous implementation of policies and
measures related to ESG risk management. In 2023, there were no significant ESG risk events impacting the Group.




                                                                                                                                  75
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The board of directors (the “Director(s)”) (the “Board”) of China Everbright Limited (the “Company”) hereby presents to
     shareholders the Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
     the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
     The Group is principally engaged in investment holdings and the provision of financial services. The principal activities of the
     subsidiaries are set out in note 15 to the financial statements. Further discussion and analysis of these activities and business
     review as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties
     facing the Group and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, can be found in the Management
     Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 24 to 40 and the Risk Management Report set out on pages 67 to 75 respectively of
     this Annual Report. The discussion on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, the Group’s key relationships with
     employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders, and the Group’s compliance with the relevant laws and regulations
     that have a significant impact on the Group, can be found in the separate Environmental, Social and Governance Report for
     2023 which is published on the websites of the Company at www.everbright.com (by clicking “Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report” under “Sustainability”) and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) at
     www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report in compliance with the Environmental, Social and
     Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
     (the “Listing Rules”) . These discussions form part of this Directors’ Report.


     TURNOVER AND CONTRIBUTION TO GROUP RESULTS
     The turnover and contribution to operating results of the Group by principal activity and geographical location are set out in
     notes 4 and 42 to the financial statements.


     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out on page 99 of this Annual Report.

     The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.10 per share for the year ended 31 December 2023
     (2022: HK$0.15 per share).


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     Turnover from operations represents the aggregate of service fee income, sales of inventories, interest income, dividend
     income, rental income from investment properties, rental income from finance lease and gross sale proceeds from disposal of
     trading securities of secondary market investments. Accordingly, it is not practicable to state the percentage of the sales
     attributable to the Group’s largest customers and percentage of the purchases attributable to the Group’s largest suppliers.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five financial years is set out on page 190 of this
     Annual Report.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
     Movements in property, plant and equipment and investment properties during the year are set out in note 14 to the financial
     statements.




76
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




PROPERTIES
Particulars of major properties held by the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out on page 191 of this Annual Report.


CHARITABLE DONATIONS
Charitable donation made by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to HK$38,200.


SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures as at 31 December 2023 are set out in notes 15,
16 and 17 to the financial statements respectively.


BANK LOANS
Particulars of bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out in note 26 to the financial statements.


BONDS PAYABLE
Particulars of bonds payable of the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out in note 28 to the financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movement in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 31 to the financial statements.


SENIOR PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES
Details of the senior perpetual capital securities issued by the Company are set out in note 32 to the financial statements.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED EQUITY SECURITIES
On 27 October 2023, the Company completed the redemption of all of the senior perpetual capital securities in the aggregate
principal amount of US$300,000,000 (the “Securities”). The Securities were issued in October 2020 and listed on the Stock
Exchange and Chongwa (Macao) Financial Asset Exchange Co., Limited.

Save for the redemption of the Securities as disclosed herein, there was no purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s
listed securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2023.


RESERVES
Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2023 as calculated under the Companies Ordinance amounted to
HK$2,198,856,000 (2022: HK$1,373,693,000). The movement in the Company’s reserves are set out in note 34 to the financial
statements.


BORROWINGS AND INTEREST CAPITALISED
Bonds payable and bank loans repayable within one year or on demand are classified as current liabilities in the financial
statements. Bonds payable and bank loans repayable over one year are classified as non-current liabilities. No interest was
capitalised by the Group during the year.




                                                                                                                                 77
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into during the year or subsisted at the end
     of the year.


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     The connected transactions disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year are as follows:

     1     On 4 August 2023, the Company as the issuer, and (i) Bank of China Limited (“BOC”), (ii) China Construction Bank
           Corporation (“CCB”), (iii) Agricultural Bank of China Limited (“ABOC”), (iv) China Everbright Bank Company Limited
           (“Everbright Bank”), (v) Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. (“SPD Bank”), (vi) Ping An Bank Co., Ltd. (“Ping
           An Bank”), (vii) Everbright Securities Company Limited (“Everbright Securities”) and (viii) China Minsheng Banking Corp.,
           Ltd. (“Minsheng Bank”) entered into the underwriting agreement (as amended and supplemented by a supplemental
           agreement signed by the Company, Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities on the same date) (the “Underwriting
           Agreement”). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company has engaged BOC, CCB, ABOC, Everbright Bank,
           SPD Bank, Pingan Bank, Everbright Securities and Minsheng Bank as the lead underwriters in respect of the proposed
           issue of the multiple types of debt financing instruments by the Company with the aggregate amount of not more than
           RMB20 billion in the PRC to be traded on the China Interbank Bond Market.

           China Everbright Group Ltd.* (中國光大集團股份公司) (“CE Group”), through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, was
           interested in approximately 49.74% of the total number of issued shares of the Company and was the controlling
           shareholder of the Company. Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities were non-wholly owned subsidiaries of CE
           Group, therefore each of Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities was an associate of CE Group and a connected
           person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the
           Underwriting Agreement (including the payment of any underwriting fee(s) to Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities)
           constituted a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     2     On 21 November 2023, CEL Management Services Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) as the tenant,
           entered into the tenancy agreement with Newepoch Group Limited (“Newepoch”), as the landlord, for the renewal of
           the tenancy of Rooms 4101, 4105 and 4106, 41st Floor of Far East Finance Centre, No. 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for
           a term of 3 years commencing on 22 November 2023 and expiring on 21 November 2026 (both days inclusive).

           China Everbright Holdings Company Limited (“CE Hong Kong”), through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, was interested in
           approximately 49.74% of the total number of issued shares of the Company and was the controlling shareholder of the
           Company. Newepoch was a wholly-owned subsidiary of CE Hong Kong, therefore was an associate of CE Hong Kong
           and a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the entering into of the
           tenancy agreement constituted a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     The aforesaid connected transactions of the Company were subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but
     exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the
     aforesaid connected transactions of the Company were set out in the announcements of the Company dated 4 August 2023
     and 21 November 2023, respectively.




78
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Set out below is the information in relation to certain continuing connected transactions involving the Company and/or its
subsidiaries, particulars of which were previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company and are required under the
Listing Rules to be disclosed in the annual report and financial statements of the Company.

CE Group is the holder of 100% of the equity interest in CE Hong Kong. CE Hong Kong is the indirect controlling shareholder of
the Company which indirectly holds approximately 49.74% equity interest in the Company. Accordingly, CE Group is a
controlling shareholder of the Company, and thus CE Group and its associates are connected persons of the Company. The
ongoing arrangements between the Group and CE Group and its associates entered into (including, among other things, deposit
services, asset management services, brokerage services and custodian services) are continuing connected transactions of the
Company.

On 28 December 2020, the Company entered into the following framework agreements (collectively the “Framework
Agreements”) with CE Group:

1     Deposit services framework agreement;

2     Asset management services framework agreement;

3     Brokerage services framework agreement, and;

4     Custodian services framework agreement

The Framework Agreements set out the basis upon which members of the Group to carry out the transactions contemplated
under the Framework Agreements with CE Group and/or its associates for the three financial years ending 31 December 2023.
The duration of the Framework Agreements was commenced on 28 December 2020 and expires on 31 December 2023. CE
Group, being the controlling shareholder of the Company, is a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules and
therefore entering into the Framework Agreements by the Company and the transactions contemplated under the Framework
Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.


(1)   Deposit Services
      CE Group through its associate Everbright Bank, provides deposit services to the Group, including current and fixed-term
      deposits. The deposit services are subject to the standard terms and conditions of CE Group and its associates. The
      annual cap for the transactions under the Deposit Services Framework Agreement for the years ended 31 December
      2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 are all set at HK$850,000,000. During the year ended 31 December
      2023, none of the daily aggregate bank balances maintained with Everbright Bank exceeded HK$850,000,000.




                                                                                                                                 79
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     (2)   Asset Management Services
           The Group provides asset management services (including investment advisory services) to relevant members of the CE
           Group.

           Material terms:

                 The Group shall provide asset management services (including investment advisory services) to CE Group in
                 respect of assets in the asset management services accounts designated by CE Group.

                 The asset management services (including investment advisory services) provided shall be on normal commercial
                 terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length negotiation and are no less favourable than those available to similar
                 or comparable independent third parties offered by the Group.

                 The asset management services (including investment advisory services) provided under the Asset Management
                 Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive. CE Group is at liberty to obtain asset management
                 services (including investment advisory services) from third parties and the Group is at liberty to provide third
                 parties with asset management services (including investment advisory services).

           The annual cap for the transactions under the Asset Management Services Framework Agreement for the years ended
           31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 are all set at HK$360,000,000. The transaction amount
           under the Asset Management Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately
           HK$442,000.


     (3)   Brokerage Services
           The Group places cash, equity and debt securities in brokerage accounts with CE Group and its associates, and CE Group
           and its associates provide brokerage and ancillary services to the Group for customers of the Group, funds established
           and/or managed by members of the Group as well as proprietary trading of members of the Group (where such
           transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules) in accordance with
           the relevant rules and regulations, as well as custodianship of the cash, equity and debt securities.

           Material terms:

                 CE Group and its associates shall provide to the Group for customers of the Group, funds established and/or
                 managed by members of the Group as well as proprietary trading of members of the Group (where such
                 transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules) brokerage and
                 ancillary services in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations, and custodianship of the cash, equity and
                 debt securities.

                 The brokerage services provided shall be on normal commercial terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length
                 negotiations and are no less favourable than those obtained by the Group from independent third parties, and on
                 terms no less favourable than the most favourable terms offered by CE Group and its associates to similar or
                 comparable independent third party customers.

                 The brokerage services provided under the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive and
                 the Company is at liberty to obtain brokerage services from third parties.

           The annual cap for the transactions under the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement for the years ended 31
           December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 are all set at HK$28,000,000. The transaction amount under
           the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately HK$28,000.




80
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




(4)   Custodian Services
      CE Group and its associates provide custodian services to the Group, including the safekeeping of assets in custodian
      accounts, monitoring of investment activities, and reporting. The transactions are conducted through custodian accounts
      opened with CE Group and its associates in the relevant Group company’s name.

      Material terms:

            CE Group and its associates shall provide the Group custodian services including safekeeping of assets in
            custodian accounts, monitoring of investment activities, and reporting.

            The custodian services provided shall be on normal commercial terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length
            negotiations and are no less favourable than those obtained by the Group from independent third parties, and on
            terms no less favourable than the most favourable terms offered by CE Group and its associates to similar or
            comparable independent third party customers.

            The custodian services provided under the Custodian Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive and
            the Company is at liberty to obtain custodian services from third parties.

      The annual cap for the transactions under the Custodian Services Framework Agreement for the years ended 31
      December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 are all set at HK$28,000,000. The transaction amount under
      the Custodian Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately HK$910,000.


      Review by the Company’s independent non-executive directors (“INED(s)”) and auditor
      The INEDs had reviewed the above continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2023 and
      confirmed that the transactions were:

      (a)   entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

      (b)   conducted on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
            independent third parties; and

      (c)   entered into in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
            in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

      The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with
      Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
      Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on
      Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
      Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the
      continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
A summary of the material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year is contained in note 36 to the
financial statements. Save as disclosed above in the paragraphs headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected
Transactions”, no other related party transactions constitute any connected transactions or continuing connected transactions
as defined under the Listing Rules during the year. The Company has complied with the applicable requirements in accordance
with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions
entered into by the Group during the year.




                                                                                                                                    81
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report are as follows:


      Executive Directors:
         Mr. Lin Chun (appointed on 4 January 2024)
         Ms. Wang Yun (appointed on 5 May 2023)
         Mr. Yin Yanwu
         Mr. Zhang Mingao (resigned on 4 January 2024)
         Mr. Wang Hongyang (resigned on 5 May 2023)

      Non-executive Directors:
         Mr. Yu Fachang
         Dr. Qin Hongyuan (appointed on 4 January 2024)
         Ms. Pan Wenjie (resigned on 22 March 2024)
         Mr. Fang Bin (resigned on 4 January 2024)

      Independent Non-executive Directors:
         Dr. Lin Zhijun
         Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson
         Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
         Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund (appointed on 22 March 2024)

     Biographical details of the existing Directors and the senior management of the Company are available in the section of
     “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 88 to 92 of this Annual Report.

     The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the three INEDs pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
     Listing Rules and the Company considers all the INEDs to be independent.

     According to Articles 120 and 121 of the Company’s Articles of Association (the “Articles”), one-third of the Directors (who
     have been longest in office) shall retire from office by rotation at every annual general meeting of the Company provided that
     every Director shall retire at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election.

     In accordance with Articles 120 and 121 of the Articles, Ms. Wang Yun, Mr. Yin Yanwu, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson and Mr.
     Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, being the Directors who have been longest in office since their last re-election, will retire by rotation at
     the forthcoming annual general meeting. Ms. Wang Yun, Mr. Yin Yanwu and Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, being eligible, offer
     themselves for re-election. Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson has informed the Company that as he has been an INED for more
     than 9 years and with an aim to promote good corporate governance of the Company and healthy development of the Board,
     he will not seek re-election and will therefore retire from his position as a Director at the conclusion of the Annual General
     Meeting. Dr. Chung Shui Ming has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there are no matters with
     respect to his retirement that needs to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders and the Stock Exchange nor any
     information that needs to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

     In addition, according to Article 87 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy or as an
     addition to the Board shall hold office only until the next following general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for
     re-election at such meeting.

     Mr. Lin Chun and Dr. Qin Hongyuan were appointed by the Board as new Directors on 4 January 2024. Mr. Wong Chun Sek
     Edmund was appointed by the Board as a new Director on 22 March 2024. In accordance with Article 87 of the Articles, Mr. Lin
     Chun, Dr. Qin Hongyuan and Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund, will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the
     forthcoming annual general meeting.

     Note : Subsequent to the approval of the Directors’ Report, Mr. An Xuesong has been appointed by the Board as a new Director on 5 April 2024
            and will, in accordance with Article 87 of the Articles, retire and, being eligible, offer himself for re-election at the forthcoming annual
            general meeting.


82
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
Other than certain Directors and senior management named in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” as set
out on pages 88 to 92 of this Annual Report, the names of persons who have served on the board of the subsidiaries of the
Company during the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this Annual Report are available on the
Company’s website under the “Investor Relations” column.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (as defined by Part XV of the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register of directors’ and chief executives’ interests and short positions of
the Company required to be maintained under section 352 of the SFO were as follows:


Long position in shares of the Company:
                                                                                                                 % OF TOTAL
 NAME OF DIRECTORS                             TOTAL PERSONAL INTEREST              OTHER INTEREST            ISSUED SHARES

    Zhang Mingao                                205,689                 205,689                       –                   0.01%
    Chung Shui Ming Timpson                      50,000                  50,000                       –                   0.00%

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had interests or
short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined
under Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register of directors’ and chief executives’ interests and short positions of the
Company.


MANAGEMENT’S SHAREHOLDING
As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2019, based on principles of voluntary participation and self-
acceptance of risks, certain senior management members of the Group (including certain Executive Directors) had subscribed
for the non-voting, participating and redeemable shares of an independently managed fund, which invested in shares of the
Company. Voluntary purchase of the Company’s shares by the senior management members of the Group via the fund made
their interest more aligned with the interest of the shareholders of the Company and reflects their confidence in and recognition
of the Group’s development and long-term investment value, as well as the Group’s business position and prospect in the
industry. Due to the expiry of the term of the independently managed fund, the interests in the fund held by the senior
management members of the Group were compulsorily redeemed by the fund and, among others, relevant shares of the
Company were distributed to the respective senior management members of the Group in January 2023.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its
holding company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or his/her connected entities had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




                                                                                                                                    83
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     No Director being offered for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the Company or
     any of its subsidiaries which is not terminable by the employing company within one year without payment of compensation
     other than the statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries, holding companies or fellow
     subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
     debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
     SHARES
     As at 31 December 2023, the following persons were recorded in the register kept by the Company under section 336 of the
     SFO as having interests in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:


     Long Position in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company:
                                                                                                             INTEREST OF
                                                                                                             CONTROLLED                  % OF TOTAL
           NAME OF SHAREHOLDERS                                TOTAL        BENEFICIAL OWNER                CORPORATION               ISSUED SHARES

             Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (“Huijin”) (1)   838,306,207                         –                838,306,207                    49.74%
             CE Group (2)                                    838,306,207                         –                838,306,207                    49.74%
             CITIC Group Corporation (3)                     152,088,000                         –                152,088,000                     9.02%
             CITIC Limited (3)                               152,088,000                         –                152,088,000                     9.02%
             Prudential plc (3)                              152,088,000                         –                152,088,000                     9.02%
             CITIC-Prudential Life
               Insurance Company Limited (3)                 152,088,000               152,088,000                          –                     9.02%

     Notes:
     (1)
                Huijin was indirectly wholly-owned by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China and held 63.16% equity interest in CE Group. It
                was deemed to be interested in the 838,306,207 ordinary shares indirectly held by CE Group pursuant to the SFO.

     (2)
                CE Group held 100% of the issued shares of China Everbright Holdings Company Limited (“CE Hong Kong”). CE Hong Kong held (1)
                100% of the issued shares of Honorich Holdings Limited (“Honorich”), and (2) 100% of the issued shares of Everbright Investment &
                Management Limited (“EIM”), respectively. Out of the 838,306,207 ordinary shares, 832,273,207 ordinary shares were held by Honorich
                and the remaining 6,033,000 ordinary shares were held by EIM. Accordingly, CE Group was deemed to be interested in the 832,273,207
                ordinary shares held by Honorich and the 6,033,000 ordinary shares held by EIM pursuant to the SFO.

     (3)
                CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was indirectly owned as to 50% by each of CITIC Limited and Prudential plc. CITIC
                Limited was in turn indirectly owned as to 58.13% by CITIC Group Corporation. Accordingly, each of CITIC Group Corporation, CITIC
                Limited and Prudential plc was deemed to be interested in the 152,088,000 ordinary shares held by CITIC Prudential Life Insurance
                Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Company had not been notified of any other person (other than the
     Directors or chief executives of the Company) having any interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the
     Company which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant
     to section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.




84
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Articles provides that subject to the provisions of the Companies Ordinance, every Director or other officer of the Company
shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities which he or
they may sustain or incur in or about the execution of his or their office or otherwise in relation thereto.

The Company has taken out insurance against the liabilities and costs associated with defending any proceedings which may
be brought against the Directors and other officers of the Company and its subsidiaries.


COMPETING INTEREST
As at the date of this Annual Report, and as far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors or their respective associates
had any interest in a business which competes or may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group or
any other conflicts of interest with the Group.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company believes that upholding good corporate governance measures is important to ensuring effective internal control
and protecting the long term interest of the shareholders, customers, staff and the Company. The Company strictly complies
with the applicable laws and regulations and codes and guidelines of the regulatory authorities, and strives to follow the best
international and local corporate governance practices and to develop and improve the corporate governance practices of the
Company.

Further details are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” in this Annual Report.


AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The Audit and Risk Management Committee currently comprises Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Dr. Lin Zhijun, Mr. Law Cheuk
Kin Stephen and Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund. The committee is chaired by Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson. All members of the
committee are INEDs.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Management have reviewed the accounting policies and practices
adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters including the review of the audited
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023. The terms of reference of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee and a summary of the duties discharged in 2023 have been set out in the “Corporate Governance
Report” in this Annual Report.


RETIREMENT SCHEMES
The Company provides retirement benefits to all local eligible employees under an approved defined contribution provident fund
(the “ORSO Scheme”). The ORSO Scheme is administered by trustees, the majority of whom are independent, with its assets
held separately from those of the Company. The ORSO Scheme is funded by contributions from employees and employers at
5% each based on the monthly salaries of employees. Forfeited contributions may be used to reduce the existing level of
contribution by the Company.

Since 1 December 2000, the Group has also operated a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong Kong
Employment Ordinance and not previously covered by the ORSO Scheme. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution
retirement scheme administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are each
required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a monthly relevant income
cap of HK$30,000.




                                                                                                                                    85
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     The employees of the subsidiaries of the Company established in the People’s Republic of China are members of the
     retirement schemes operated by the local authorities. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a percentage of their payroll to
     these schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to these schemes is the required
     contributions under the schemes.

     The Group’s total contributions to these schemes charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended
     31 December 2023 amounted to approximately HK$2,074,210 (2022: HK$2,408,000).


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of
     this Annual Report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules throughout the year.


     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.10 per share for the year ended 31 December
     2023 (2022: HK$0.15 per share). Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.15 per share already paid, the aggregate amount
     of dividends for the year is HK$0.25 per share (2022: HK$0.3 per share).

     The final dividend, subject to approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting, is expected to be paid on Friday, 14 June
     2024 to those shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Friday, 31 May 2024.


     ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
     The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Thursday, 23 May 2024.


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 20 May 2024 to Thursday, 23 May 2024, both days
     inclusive, during which no transfer of shares will be registered. Shareholders are reminded that, in order to qualify for
     attendance of the annual general meeting, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be
     lodged for registration at the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Secretaries Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16
     Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 17 May 2024.

     The register of members of the Company will also be closed from Thursday, 30 May 2024 to Friday, 31 May 2024, both days
     inclusive, during which no transfer of shares will be registered. Shareholders are reminded that, in order to qualify for the
     proposed final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for
     registration at the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Secretaries Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
     Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 29 May 2024.




86
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




CHANGES OF DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
The changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are as follows:

1.    Ms. Wang Yun, an Executive Director, resigned as a non-executive director of Everbright Grand China Assets Limited
      (stock code: 3699.HK) with effect from 12 December 2023.

2.    Dr. Lin Zhijun, an INED, has ceased to be an independent non-executive director of Dali Foods Group Company Limited
      (stock code: 3799.HK, delisted on the Stock Exchange by privatization) with effect from 1 September 2023. He also
      resigned as an independent non-executive director of Sinotruk (Hong Kong) Limited (stock code: 3808.HK) with effect
      from 12 March 2024.

In respect of the changes in emoluments of Directors, please refer to note 8 to the financial statements.


AUDITOR
Ernst & Young (“EY”) will retire as the auditor of the Company upon expiration of its term of office at the conclusion of the
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and will not be re-appointed. The Board, with the recommendation from
the Audit and Risk Management Committee, proposed to appoint KPMG as the new auditor of the Company following the
retirement of EY and such proposed appointment is subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.

There has been no change in auditors of the Company in any of the preceding three years.

By order of the Board
China Everbright Limited
Yu Fachang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 March 2024




                                                                                                                                 87
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     DIRECTORS
     Mr. Yu Fachang
     Chairman and Non-executive Director
     Mr. Yu Fachang, aged 58, is the Chairman of the Board and a Non-executive Director. He is also a member of the Nomination
     Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Strategy Committee of the Board. Mr. Yu is currently the Deputy General
     Manager of China Everbright Group Ltd. and the Chairman and the President of China Everbright Holdings Company Limited,
     the controlling shareholders of the Company. He had served as the Secretary of the Communist Youth League and the Director
     of the Advertising Administration Division of the Department of Advertising Supervision of the State Administration for Industry
     and Commerce, the Deputy Director-general of the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Tibet Autonomous Region,
     the Deputy Director-general of the Department of Market Standard Management of the State Administration for Industry and
     Commerce, the Secretary General of China Society of Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Director-general of the
     Department of International Cooperation (Office of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Affairs) and the Director-general of the
     General Affairs Office of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce and the Director-general of the General Affairs
     Office of the State Administration for Market Regulation. Mr. Yu holds a Bachelor’s degree of Laws in legal studies from Peking
     University and a Master’s degree from the Central Party School of the Chinese Communist Party. He joined the Board in June
     2022.


     Mr. Lin Chun
     Executive Director and President
     Mr. Lin Chun, aged 53, is an Executive Director and the President. He is also the Chairman of the Executive Board Committee,
     the Chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee and a member of the Strategy Committee of the Board.
     He is also the Chairman of the Management Decision Committee of the Group and responsible for the overall operation of the
     Group. Mr. Lin was the chairman of Everbright Financial Holding Asset Management Co., Ltd. from 2021 to 2023. Since 1993,
     Mr. Lin had served as a transaction office trader of the international business department, deputy manager of the treasury
     division of the international business department, deputy director of the market trading division of the planning and funding
     department, director of the transaction office of the international business department, director of the transaction office of the
     treasury department, assistant to the general manager of the treasury department, assistant to the general manager of the
     investment banking department, deputy general manager of the investment banking department, deputy general manager of
     the investment banking department (in charge), general manager of the investment banking department of China Everbright
     Bank Company Limited (stock code: 601818.SH, 6818.HK). He had served as the general manager of the investment and
     restructuring department of China Everbright Group Ltd., the controlling shareholder of the Company, from 2015 to 2021. He
     has 30 years of experience in the financial industry and management. Mr. Lin holds a Bachelor’s degree in international finance
     from the Department of International Finance of China Institute of Finance and Banking (now known as China School of Banking
     and Finance University of International Business and Economics). He joined the Board in January 2024.


     Mr. An Xuesong
     Executive Director and Vice President
     Mr. An Xuesong, aged 53, is an Executive Director and the Vice President of the Group in charge of finance, a member of the
     Executive Board Committee, Strategy Committee and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board, and also
     a member of the Management Decision Committee of the Group. Mr. An was the executive director, vice president and chief
     financial officer of China Everbright Environment Group Limited (stock code: 257.HK) from October 2021 to March 2024. He
     was the executive director and chief executive officer of China Everbright Water Limited (stock code: U9E.SG, 1857.HK) from
     December 2014 to October 2021. Prior to that, Mr. An worked at the Municipal General Office of Jingzhou, Hubei Province and
     Guangdong Technology Venture Capital Group Ltd. Mr. An has comprehensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, project
     investment and management, financial management and risk management. Mr. An holds a Master’s degree in Business
     Administration from Jinan University. He is a Certified Public Accountant in the People’s Republic of China and a Certified
     International Internal Auditor. He joined the Board in April 2024.




88
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




Ms. Wang Yun
Executive Director and Vice President
Ms. Wang Yun, aged 55, is an Executive Director and the Vice President of the Group in charge of the businesses such as
proprietary investments management, asset allocation and investment management centre and operations centre. She is also a
member of the Executive Board Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board and a
member of the Management Decision Committee of the Group. Ms. Wang is a Non-executive Director of China Aircraft Leasing
Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1848.HK) and a Non-executive and Non-independent Chairman of Ying Li International Real
Estate Limited (stock code: 5DM.SGX). Ms. Wang was a Non-executive Director of Everbright Grand China Assets Limited
(stock code: 3699.HK) from August 2021 to December 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Wang worked at the National
Planning Commission of the People’s Republic of China (currently known as the National Development and Reform Commission
of the People’s Republic of China) from September 1991 to July 1992. From July 1992 to March 1993, Ms. Wang worked as
the finance manager at Beijing Fulanka Digital System Co., Ltd. From March 1993 to May 1998, Ms. Wang worked as the
finance supervisor at China Everbright International Economic and Technical Cooperation Corporation. From May 1998 to
November 1999, Ms. Wang worked as the financial manager at China Everbright (South Africa) Company (Proprietary) Limited
(“Everbright South Africa”) and Everbright International Engineering (Proprietary) Company (“Everbright International
Engineering”). From November 1999 to September 2007, Ms. Wang worked as the chief financial officer of Everbright South
Africa and Everbright International Engineering. From September 2007 to October 2012, Ms. Wang worked as the senior
manager of insurance and non-financial audit division of the audit department at China Everbright (Group) Limited (currently
known as China Everbright Group Limited) (“China Everbright Group”). From October 2012 to April 2014, Ms. Wang was
appointed as the division chief of banking division of the audit department at China Everbright Group. From April 2014 to August
2016, Ms. Wang worked as the senior deputy manager of the audit department and the division chief of insurance and non-
financial audit division at China Everbright Group. From August 2016 to November 2017, Ms. Wang worked as the deputy
general manager of the audit department and the senior manager of industrial and other audit offices at China Everbright Group.
Ms. Wang has been the general manager of the financial management department at China Everbright Holdings Company
Limited (“CE Hong Kong”), a controlling shareholder of the Company, from November 2017 to April 2023. Ms. Wang has been
appointed as a director of CE Hong Kong from January 2018 to May 2023. Ms. Wang has been appointed as a chief
representative of China Everbright Group’s representative office in Macau since March 2022. Ms. Wang graduated from the
Central Institute of Finance and Economics (currently known as the Central University of Finance and Economics) specializing in
foreign financial accounting in 1991. Ms. Wang later received a Master of Business Administration from De Montfort University,
De Montfort South Africa, Sandton Campus in March 2006. Ms. Wang is a non-practicing member of the Chinese Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and holds the qualification of Senior Accountant in China. She joined the Board in May 2023.


Mr. Yin Yanwu
Executive Director and Vice President
Mr. Yin Yanwu, aged 50, is an Executive Director and the Vice President of the Group. He is in charge of the Group’s risk
management, legal and compliance matters and deputises for the head of the Asset Management Department. He is also a
member of the Executive Board Committee of the Board, a member of the Management Decision Committee of the Group, as
well as a director of a number of subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Yin is a Non-executive Director of Everbright Securities
Company Limited (stock code: 601788.SH, 6178.HK). He joined the Group in May 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Yin had served as a
member of the Executive Committee and Business Director of China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (stock code: 601881.SH, 6881.
HK) and concurrently served as the Chairman of the Board, Director of the Executive Committee and Director of the Investment
Decision Committee of Galaxy Jinhui Securities Assets Management Co., Ltd. He had also been responsible for job duties such
as investment analysis and risk management in asset management firms, including China Investment Corporation and
EARNEST Partners, LLC, etc., and had worked in the Economic Crime Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security of
China. Mr. Yin holds a Master’s degree of Science in quantitative & computational finance from the Georgia Institute of
Technology in the United States, a Master’s degree in Laws from Peking University and a Bachelor’s degree of Engineering
from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. He was a member of the 2nd session of the Council and the Vice
Chairman of the Financial Inclusion Cooperation Committee of the Asian Financial Cooperation Association, the Deputy
Secretary-General of China Society for Finance and Banking, a standing member of the 2nd session of the Commission of All-
China Financial System Youth Federation, a member of the International Development Committee of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange as well as the Vice Chairman of the OTC Professional Committee and Beijing Asset Management Committee of the
Securities Association of China. Mr. Yin holds the qualification of fund practitioners from the Asset Management Association of
China. He joined the Board in December 2021.


                                                                                                                                   89
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT | Continued




     Dr. Qin Hongyuan
     Non-executive Director
     Dr. Qin Hongyuan, aged 44, is a Non-executive Director. He is also a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance
     Committee. Dr. Qin is currently the Head of Fund Utilization Department and the Deputy General Manager of Investment and
     Management Department (in charge) of CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (“CITIC-Prudential Life”). Dr. Qin had served
     as a Senior Business Deputy Manager of China Everbright Bank Company Limited (stock code: 601818.SH, 6818.HK), the
     Market Risk Manager of the Asset Management Center, the Manager of the Risk Control Department and the Manager of the
     Credit Review Department of CITIC-Prudential Life, and the General Manager of the Credit Review Department, the General
     Manager of the Financial Institutions Department, and the General Manager of the Product and Marketing Department of CITIC-
     Prudential Asset Management Company Ltd.. He has over 15 years of experience in the financial industry and management. Dr.
     Qin holds a Bachelor’s degree in computational mathematics and software application from Henan Normal University, a
     Master’s degree in computational mathematics from Northwestern Polytechnical University, and a Doctorate degree in applied
     economics (financial engineering) from Xiamen University. He joined the Board in January 2024.


     Dr. Lin Zhijun
     Independent Non-executive Director
     Dr. Lin Zhijun, aged 69, is an Independent Non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and
     Remuneration Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and Strategy
     Committee of the Board. Dr. Lin is a Director of Academic Accreditation Office and Professor of Macau University of Science
     and Technology. During August 1998 to December 2014, he was a Professor and Head of the Department of Accountancy and
     Law in Hong Kong Baptist University. He is also an Independent Non-executive Director of BOCOM International Holdings
     Company Limited (stock code: 3329.HK), all of which are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Previously, Dr.
     Lin once served as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Sinotruk (Hong Kong) Limited (stock code: 3808.HK), Dali Foods
     Group Company Limited (delisted by privatization on 1 September 2023), South Manganese Investment Limited (stock code:
     1091.HK) and Springland International Limited (stock code: 1700.HK). Dr. Lin holds a Master’s degree of Science in Accounting
     from University of Saskatchewan in Canada and a Doctoral degree in Economics (Accounting) from Xiamen University. Dr. Lin
     worked as a Visiting Professor in The University of Hong Kong and Tenured Professor in the Faculty of Management of
     Lethbridge University in Canada. He worked at the Toronto office of an international accounting firm (now known as “Deloitte”).
     Dr. Lin is also a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Chinese Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants and the Australian Institute of Certified Management Accountants. He is a member of various educational
     accounting associations. Dr. Lin is also an author of a series of professional articles and books. Dr. Lin joined the Board in
     September 2005.




90
                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023




Dr. Chung Shui Ming, Timpson, Gold Bauhinia Star, Justice of the Peace
Independent Non-executive Director
Dr. Chung Shui Ming, Timpson, GBS, JP, aged 72, is an Independent Non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Audit and
Risk Management Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee
and the Strategy Committee of the Board. Dr. Chung is the Pro-Chancellor of City University of Hong Kong. Besides, Dr. Chung
is an Independent Non-Executive Director of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (stock code: 762.HK), Miramar Hotel and
Investment Company, Limited (stock code: 71.HK), China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited (stock code: 81.HK), China
Railway Group Limited (stock code: 601390.SH, 390.HK), Orient Overseas (International) Limited (stock code: 316.HK) and
Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd. (stock code: 1658.HK). Dr. Chung had served as an Independent Non-Executive Director
of Henderson Land Development Company Limited (stock code: 12.HK), China Construction Bank Corporation (stock code: 939.
HK), Jinmao (China) Hotel Investments and Management Limited (stock code: 6139.HK) and Glorious Sun Enterprises Limited
(stock code: 393.HK) as well as an Independent Director of China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited (stock
code: 601668.SH). Previously, Dr. Chung served as member of the National Committee of the 10th to 13th Chinese People’s
Political Consultative Conference. Dr. Chung was also the Chairman of China Business of Jardine Fleming Holdings Limited and
the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of BOC International Limited. He was also the Director-General of Democratic Alliance for
the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong, the Chairman of the Council of City University of Hong Kong, the Chairman of the
Hong Kong Housing Society, a member of the Executive Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Vice
Chairman of the Land Fund Advisory Committee of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, a member of the Managing
Board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority and a member of the
Disaster Relief Fund Advisory Committee. Dr. Chung holds a Bachelor’s degree of Science from The University of Hong Kong
and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He also received an Honorary
Doctoral degree in Social Sciences from City University of Hong Kong in 2010. Dr. Chung is a fellow member of the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He joined the Board in August 2012.


Mr. Law Cheuk Kin, Stephen, Justice of the Peace
Independent Non-executive Director
Mr. Law Cheuk Kin, Stephen, JP, aged 61, is an Independent Non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Strategy
Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board. Mr. Law is an Independent
Non-executive Director of Somerley Capital Holdings Limited (stock code: 8439.HK), China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (stock
code: 601881.SH, 6881.HK), CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (stock code: 1093.HK) and Keymed Biosciences Inc. (stock
code: 2162.HK). Mr. Law served as the Finance Director and a member of the Executive Directorate of MTR Corporation
Limited (stock code: 66.HK) (“MTR”) from July 2013 to July 2016. Prior to joining MTR, he was the Chief Financial Officer of
Guoco Group Limited, Hong Kong. Prior to that, Mr. Law had served as the Managing Director of TPG Growth Capital (Asia)
Limited and had also held various senior positions in the Morningside Group and the Wheelock Group. He was also an
Independent Non-Executive Director of Stealth BioTherapeutics Corp. (stock code: MITO.Nasdaq) and Bank of Guizhou Co., Ltd.
(stock code: 6199.HK). Mr. Law is currently the Managing Director of ANS Capital Limited. He is also currently a council
member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a member of the Board of Directors of SOW (Asia)
Foundation and a council member of Hong Kong Business Accountants Association. He also served as an adjunct professor of
the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from 2015 to 2017. He is currently a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Besides, Mr. Law has been
appointed by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China (the “MOF”) as an expert consultant to provide advice
on finance and management accounting to the MOF. Mr. Law holds a Bachelor’s degree in Science (Civil Engineering) from the
University of Birmingham, the United Kingdom and also received a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the
University of Hull, the United Kingdom. He joined the Board in May 2018.




                                                                                                                               91
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT | Continued




     Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund
     Independent Non-executive Director
     Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund, aged 39, is an independent non-executive Director, a member of each of the Audit and Risk
     Management Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Strategy Committee of the Board.
     Mr. Wong is an independent non-executive director of Confidence Intelligence Holdings Limited (stock code: 1967.HK), High
     Fashion International Limited (stock code: 608.HK), and China Merchants Land Asset Management Co., Limited which is the
     manager of China Merchants Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust (stock code: 1503.HK). He served as an independent
     non-executive director of Deyun Holding Ltd. (now known as Star Shine Holdings Group Limited) (stock code: 1440.HK) from
     December 2020 to September 2022 and as an independent non-executive director of InvesTech Holdings Limited (stock code:
     1087.HK) from June 2017 to May 2021. Mr. Wong is currently a member of the Legislative Council, Election Committee and
     Disaster Relief Fund Advisory Committee of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Mr. Wong has more than 15 years of
     experience in accounting, taxation and auditing. He joined Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as an audit associate in September 2007
     and left as an audit senior in November 2011. Mr. Wong has joined Patrick Wong C.P.A. Limited as an audit manager since
     February 2012 and has been its practicing director since March 2013. Mr. Wong is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, Chartered Accountants in Australia
     and New Zealand, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants of the United Kingdom, The Society of Chinese
     Accountants and Auditors, The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong, The Hong Kong Independent Non-executive Director
     Association, The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute. Mr. Wong obtained a
     Bachelor’s degree in Accountancy from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2007, a Master’s degree of Science in
     Applied Accounting and Finance from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2013, a Master’s degree in Business
     Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan University (formerly known as The Open University of Hong Kong) in October
     2016, a Master’s degree in Corporate Governance from Hong Kong Metropolitan University in August 2017 and a Master’s
     degree in Professional Accounting from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2021. He joined the Board in March 2024.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. So Hiu Pang Kevin
     Vice President
     Mr. So Hiu Pang Kevin, aged 48, is the Vice President and a member of the Management Decision Committee of the Group. He
     is responsible for the Group’s Consumption Fund Department, Overseas Infrastructure Fund Department, Fund of Funds
     Department, Real Estate Fund Investment and Management Centre, Green Fund Department. He is also the Vice Chairman of
     Everbright Jiabao Co., Ltd. (stock code: 600622.SH). Mr. So joined the Group in 2006. Mr. So holds a Master’s degree in
     Business Administration from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University and a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Xiamen
     University. He was also a member of the third, the fourth and the fifth Election Committee of Hong Kong Special Administrative
     Region and a member of the twelfth session of All-China Youth Federation. Mr. So has extensive knowledge and experience in
     the financial industry and management.




92
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE MEMBERS OF CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Everbright Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 99 to 189, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023,
and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of
procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the
basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                      93
     Independent Auditor’s Report | Continued




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
      Key audit matters                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matters
      Valuation of Level 3 financial investments

      Refer to material accounting policies in note 2(ac), sources       The procedures we performed, on a sample basis, with the
      of estimation uncertainty in note 43(a)(i), and disclosures of     assistance of our internal specialist to address the key audit
      fair values of financial instruments in note 40 to the financial   matter included, but were not limited to those set out
      statements.                                                        below:

      The Group has applied valuation techniques to determine            Our risk-based samples were selected with reference to the
      the fair value of financial instruments that are not quoted in     value of the investments, prevailing market conditions and
      active markets. These valuation techniques, which include          investment specific risk indicators, with a specific focus on
      significant unobservable inputs, involve management                China real estate exposures.
      making subjective judgements and assumptions. With
      different valuation techniques, inputs and assumptions             —     Evaluated the appropriateness of the financial
      applied, the valuation results can vary significantly.                   instrument valuation policies;

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s financial assets               —     Evaluated the design and tested the operating
      measured at fair value, categorised within Level 3 of the fair           effectiveness of key controls related to the valuation
      value hierarchy, amounted to HK$29,552,778,000.                          of financial instruments, including independent
                                                                               verification on the valuation parameters, independent
      Given the significant amount of financial assets measured at             model validation and approval;
      fair value and the corresponding level of judgement and
      assumptions involved in the valuations, we determined this         —     Evaluated the valuation techniques adopted through
      to be a key audit matter.                                                comparison with those commonly used in the market;

                                                                         —     Evaluated assessments made by the Group, with
                                                                               respect to the selection of comparable companies,
                                                                               adjustments to the valuation multiples and other
                                                                               parameters used in other valuation methods through
                                                                               independent study, research and back-testing;

                                                                         —     Evaluated the observable inputs with reference to
                                                                               external market data;

                                                                         —     Evaluated the unobservable inputs and assumptions
                                                                               for individually significant items such as the discount
                                                                               rate and volatility adopted by comparing to pricing
                                                                               information from similar transactions which were
                                                                               observable and performed independent valuations;
                                                                               and

                                                                         —     Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures relating to
                                                                               financial instruments in Level 3 of the fair value
                                                                               hierarchy in the financial statements.




94
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Key audit matters                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matters
 Accounting for unconsolidated structured entities managed
 by the Group

 Refer to material accounting policies in note 2(c), critical     The procedures we performed to address the key audit
 accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting         matter included, but were not limited to:
 policies in note 43(b)(i), and disclosures of involvement with
 unconsolidated structured entities in note 38 to the financial   —    Reviewed the legal structures and read the relevant
 statements.                                                           constituent documents of these structured entities to
                                                                       assess the power held by the Group in making key
 The Group acts as the general partner or investment                   operating and financing decisions and its exposure to
 manager of several structured entities (such as investment            variable returns from these structured entities;
 funds and collective investment schemes). In these
 arrangements, the Group has certain powers to govern the         —    Evaluated the power held by other parties which
 financing and operating policies of these entities. The Group         allows the removal of the Group as the general
 is also exposed to the variability of returns from these              partner or investment manager and assessed whether
 structured entities’ performance, through its entitlement to          the rights held by other parties are substantive;
 management fees, performance fees, and its interests in
 these entities.                                                  —    Identified if any substantive rights held by any other
                                                                       parties in the structured entities, in combination with
 Whether the Group has control over these structured                   the Group’s decision-making power and its level of
 entities requires significant management judgement.                   exposure to the variable returns, constituted control
                                                                       by the Group over these structured entities on a case-
 Given the significant amount of unconsolidated structured             by-case basis; and
 entities managed by the Group and the corresponding level
 of judgement involved in assessing the Group’s control over      —    Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures relating to
 these structured entities, we determined this to be a key             the unconsolidated structured entities in the financial
 audit matter.                                                         statements.

 As at 31 December 2023, the carrying value of the Group’s
 interests in unconsolidated structured entities managed by
 the Group amounted to HK$5,187,996,000 which is
 recorded in financial assets at fair value through profit or
 loss in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                 95
     Independent Auditor’s Report | Continued




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
      Key audit matters                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matters
      Impairment of investment in an associate

      Refer to material accounting policies in note 2(d), 2(e) and       The procedures we performed, with the assistance of our
      2(l)(ii), critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s   internal specialist, to address the key audit matter included,
      accounting policies in note 43(b)(iii), and disclosures of         but were not limited to:
      investments in associates in note 16 to the financial
      statements.                                                        —     Assessed the competence, capabilities and objectivity
                                                                               of the external specialist appointed by management
      As at 31 December 2023, the cumulative impairment                        to estimate the value-in-use;
      allowance and net carrying value of the Group’s investment
      in Everbright Jiabao Co., Ltd (“Everbright Jiabao”), an            —     Understood and challenged the assumptions in the
      associate of the Group, amounted to HK$1,598,827,000 and                 strategic business plans approved by management of
      HK$1,786,636,000 respectively.                                           the associate, including back-testing of the
                                                                               prospective financial information used in the prior year
      As at 31 December 2023, there was an indication that the                 against actual results to evaluate the accuracy of
      investment in Everbright Jiabao may be impaired as the                   management’s forecasting process;
      carrying value of the net assets of Everbright Jiabao was
      more than its market capitalisation.                               —     Reviewed the appropriateness of the valuation
                                                                               methodology by critically assessing the key
      The Group engaged an external specialist to estimate the                 assumptions, including the discount rates and growth
      value-in-use of Everbright Jiabao, using a discounted cash               rates, with reference to market information and the
      flow model. In carrying out the impairment assessment,                   associate’s historical data;
      significant judgement and assumptions are required to
      estimate the value-in-use based on the forecasted cash             —     Performed a sensitivity analysis on the results of
      flows of Everbright Jiabao and the discount rate applied.                impairment assessment using multiple reasonable
                                                                               alternative assumptions;
      Given the significant amount of investment in Everbright
      Jiabao and the corresponding level of judgement and                —     Checked the arithmetical accuracy of the value-in-use
      assumptions involved in calculating the value-in-use, we                 calculation; and
      determined the impairment assessment of investment in
      Everbright Jiabao to be a key audit matter.                        —     Assessed the adequacy of disclosures relating to the
                                                                               impairment of investment in the associate in the
                                                                               financial statements.




96
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal
control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit and Risk Management Committee in discharging their responsibilities
for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report
is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other
purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
      error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
      higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.




                                                                                                                                     97
     Independent Auditor’s Report | Continued




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (continued)

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
           the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
           evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
           on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
           draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
           disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
           date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
           concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
           the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
           supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit and Risk Management Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
     our audit.

     We also provide the Audit and Risk Management Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
     be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit and Risk Management Committee, we determine those matters that were of
     most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter
     or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the
     adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
     communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Hau Liang Ping.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     27/F, One Taikoo Place,
     979 King’s Road,
     Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

     22 March 2024




98
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                            Notes              HK$’000             HK$’000

 Turnover                                                                                     6,047,280          7,707,730

 Income from contracts with customers                                          4                792,028             843,075
 Net loss from investments                                                     4               (489,491)         (5,885,695)
   Interest income                                                                              659,676             563,722
   Dividend income                                                                              991,866           2,123,973
   Realised (loss)/gain on investments                                                          (13,158)              46,194
   Unrealised loss on investments                                                            (2,127,704)         (8,633,890)
   Others                                                                                          (171)              14,306
 Income/(loss) from other sources                                              4              1,102,323              (75,407)
 Impairment losses                                                             5               (731,691)           (982,141)
 Operating expenses                                                            6               (907,223)           (919,767)

 Loss from operating activities                                                                (234,054)         (7,019,935)

 Finance costs                                                                 7             (1,643,691)         (1,109,315)
 Impairment losses on investments in associates                                5                (64,151)         (1,128,501)
 Share of profits less losses of associates                                   16                230,823             616,886
 Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                               17                 25,183              17,123

 Loss before taxation                                                                        (1,685,890)         (8,623,742)
 Income tax (expenses)/credit                                                  9                (76,379)            923,427

 Loss for the year                                                                           (1,762,269)         (7,700,315)

 Attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company                                                        (1,922,639)         (7,443,299)
   Holders of perpetual capital securities                                    32                 98,066              89,284
   Non-controlling interests                                                                     62,304            (346,300)

 Loss for the year                                                                           (1,762,269)         (7,700,315)

 Basic and diluted loss per share                                             13             HK$(1.141)          HK$(4.417)




The notes on pages 105 to 189 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of
the Company attributable to the (loss)/profit for the year are set out in note 11.



                                                                                                                                99
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                               Notes    HK$’000         HK$’000

       Loss for the year                                                               (1,762,269)    (7,700,315)

       Other comprehensive loss for the year:
         Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
         — Net movement in investment revaluation reserve of
           equity investments designated at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                                                    (372,285)      (981,160)
         Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
         — Share of other comprehensive loss and effect of
           foreign currency translation of associates                                   (145,321)     (1,419,859)
         — Share of other comprehensive loss and effect of
           foreign currency translation of joint ventures                                (13,376)        (84,987)
         — Other net movement in exchange reserve                                       (466,737)     (2,047,737)

                                                                                12      (997,719)     (4,533,743)

       Total comprehensive loss for the year                                           (2,759,988)   (12,234,058)

       Attributable to:
         Equity shareholders of the Company                                            (2,973,695)   (11,697,447)
         Holders of perpetual capital securities                                32         98,066         89,284
         Non-controlling interests                                                        115,641       (625,895)

       Total comprehensive loss for the year                                           (2,759,988)   (12,234,058)




      The notes on pages 105 to 189 form part of these financial statements.




100
                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2023




                                                                  31 December     31 December
                                                                         2023            2022
                                                           Note       HK$’000         HK$’000

 Non-current assets
   Property, plant and equipment                            14         463,967         521,718
   Investment properties                                    14       5,584,819       4,898,173
   Investments in associates                                16      17,709,713      18,002,564
   Investments in joint ventures                            17         932,964         926,157
   Equity investments designated at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                              18       5,032,899       5,405,184
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19      26,496,579      32,898,680
   Advances to customers                                    20               –         360,891
   Finance lease receivables                                                 –          18,703

                                                                    56,220,941      63,032,070

 Current assets
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19       4,315,462       2,176,224
   Advances to customers                                    20       3,070,573       2,902,542
   Inventories                                              21       1,529,339       1,383,814
   Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                22       1,929,105       1,984,185
   Trading securities                                       23       2,916,448       4,098,142
   Finance lease receivables                                            17,976               –
   Restricted deposits                                      24               –         664,102
   Cash and cash equivalents                                24       9,588,078       8,235,532

                                                                    23,366,981      21,444,541

 Current liabilities
   Trading securities                                       23        (237,500)        (532,071)
   Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges         25      (2,962,495)      (3,523,042)
   Bank loans                                               26     (10,995,928)    (11,925,501)
   Bonds payable                                            28      (6,069,140)      (2,481,148)
   Other financial liabilities                              27        (472,414)        (441,187)
   Lease liabilities                                        30         (13,273)          (35,688)
   Provision for taxation                                             (582,592)        (585,193)

                                                                   (21,333,342)    (19,523,830)

 Net current assets                                                  2,033,639       1,920,711

 Total assets less current liabilities                              58,254,580      64,952,781




                                                                                                    101
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position | Continued
      As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                               31 December         31 December
                                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                   Note            HK$’000             HK$’000

       Non-current liabilities
        Bank loans                                                                  26             (7,607,680)        (8,991,471)
        Bonds payable                                                               28             (7,724,360)        (9,515,580)
        Other financial liabilities                                                 27             (6,768,868)        (6,407,464)
        Lease liabilities                                                           30                (10,593)            (29,279)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                    29             (2,037,293)        (2,131,886)

                                                                                                 (24,148,794)        (27,075,680)

       NET ASSETS                                                                                 34,105,786         37,877,101

       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
        Share capital                                                               31             9,618,097          9,618,097
        Reserves                                                                                  21,371,624         24,871,106

       Attributable to:
         Equity shareholders of the Company                                                       30,989,721         34,489,203
         Holders of perpetual capital securities                                    32             2,209,566          2,341,083
         Non-controlling interests                                                                   906,499          1,046,815

       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                               34,105,786         37,877,101


      Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 22 March 2024 and signed on behalf of the Board by:




      Lin Chun                                              Wang Yun
      Director                                              Director




      The notes on pages 105 to 189 form part of these financial statements.



102
                                                                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                        Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company


                                                              Option Investment                                                                          Perpetual        Non-
                                                    Share    premium revaluation     Goodwill        Capital    Exchange       Retained                     capital controlling         Total
                                                   capital    reserve     reserve      reserve      reserve       reserve      earnings         Total    securities   interests       equity
                                          Note    HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000

 As at 1 January 2022                            9,618,097      1,242   4,979,155     (664,792)     (96,162)    2,145,494 30,953,291 46,936,325          2,341,161    1,759,044 51,036,530
 Net movement by non-controlling
   shareholders                                         –           –           –            –       18,210              –            –       18,210             –      (86,334)      (68,124)
 Dividends paid                            11           –           –           –            –             –             –     (758,364)    (758,364)            –            –     (758,364)
 Distribution to holders of perpetual
   capital securities                      32           –           –           –            –             –             –            –             –      (89,362)           –       (89,362)
 Share of capital reserve of associates                 –           –           –            –        (9,521)            –            –        (9,521)           –            –        (9,521)
 Loss for the year                                      –           –           –            –             –             –    (7,443,299) (7,443,299)       89,284     (346,300) (7,700,315)
 Other comprehensive loss
   for the year                                         –           –    (981,160)           –             –    (3,272,988)           –    (4,254,148)           –     (279,595) (4,533,743)

 As at 31 December 2022 and
   as at 1 January 2023                          9,618,097      1,242   3,997,995     (664,792)     (87,473) (1,127,494) 22,751,628 34,489,203           2,341,083    1,046,815 37,877,101
 Net movement by non-controlling
   shareholders                                         –           –           –            –         (131)             –            –         (131)            –     (255,957)    (256,088)
 Dividends paid                            11           –           –           –            –             –             –     (505,576)    (505,576)            –            –     (505,576)
 Issuance of perpetual medium term
   notes                                   32           –           –           –            –             –             –            –             –    2,184,880            –    2,184,880
 Redemption of senior perpetual
   capital securities                      32           –           –           –            –             –             –      (21,557)     (21,557) (2,325,540)             –    (2,347,097)
 Distribution to holders of perpetual
   capital securities                      32           –           –           –            –             –             –            –             –      (88,923)           –      (88,923)
 Share of capital reserve of
   associates                                           –           –           –            –        1,477              –            –        1,477             –            –        1,477
 Loss for the year                                      –           –           –            –             –             –    (1,922,639) (1,922,639)       98,066      62,304     (1,762,269)
 Other comprehensive loss
   for the year                                         –           –    (372,285)           –             –     (678,771)            –    (1,051,056)           –      53,337      (997,719)

 As at 31 December 2023                          9,618,097      1,242   3,625,710     (664,792)     (86,127) (1,806,265) 20,301,856 30,989,721           2,209,566     906,499 34,105,786




The notes on pages 105 to 189 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 103
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CASH FLOWS
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                               Notes      HK$’000        HK$’000

       NET CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                               41(a)    3,176,928       4,059,563

       INVESTING ACTIVITIES
         Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                         (4,618)           (4,911)
         Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                              291               599
         Proceeds from partial disposal of an associate                                         –           76,649
         Investment in an associate                                                        (2,042)                –
         Investments in joint ventures                                                          –            (5,820)
         Decrease/(increase) in restricted cash                                           232,930          (28,723)
         Decrease/(increase) in restricted deposits                                       664,102        (664,102)
         Bank interest received                                                           172,695           97,779
         Dividends received from investments                                              330,656         372,497
         Dividends received from associates and joint ventures                            309,984         485,554

       NET CASH INFLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                        1,703,998         329,522

       NET CASH INFLOW BEFORE FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                      4,880,926       4,389,085

       FINANCING ACTIVITIES
         Issuance of shares of subsidiaries to non-controlling shareholders                  2,759         145,962
         Redemption of non-controlling shareholders’ shares                               (376,660)       (341,327)
         Proceeds from bank loans                                                       19,986,431     17,395,279
         Proceeds from issuance of bonds and resale of bonds repurchased                 4,374,600       4,242,930
         Repayment of bank loans                                                       (22,276,922)   (18,200,113)
         Repayment and repurchase of bonds                                              (2,422,404)     (4,017,583)
         Issuance of perpetual medium term notes                                         2,184,880                –
         Redemption of senior perpetual capital securities                              (2,325,540)               –
         Repayment of lease liabilities                                                    (38,562)         (43,096)
         Repayment of notes payable                                                              –          (27,000)
         Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                     (1,056)         (26,260)
         Dividends paid                                                                   (505,576)       (758,364)
         Distribution to holders of perpetual capital securities                           (88,923)         (89,362)
         Interest paid                                                                  (1,625,732)     (1,063,451)

       NET CASH OUTFLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                       (3,112,705)    (2,782,385)

       NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                        1,768,221       1,606,700

       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
        Beginning of year                                                               7,945,641       6,894,260
        Exchange rate adjustments                                                        (182,745)       (555,319)

         End of year                                                                    9,531,117       7,945,641

       ANALYSIS OF THE BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
       Bank balances and cash – general accounts                                        8,354,387       7,098,486
       Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of less
         than three months when acquired                                                1,233,691       1,137,046
       Restricted cash                                                                    (56,961)       (289,891)

       End of year                                                              24      9,531,117       7,945,641




      The notes on pages 105 to 189 form part of these financial statements.


104
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




1.    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
      China Everbright Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of
      Hong Kong Limited. The Company considers Honorich Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
      Islands, to be the immediate holding company of the Company and Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (“Huijin”) to be the
      ultimate holding company of the Company. Huijin is a state-owned investment company incorporated in accordance with
      China’s Company Law. Huijin was established in December 2003 and mandated to exercise the rights and the obligations
      as an investor in major state-owned financial enterprises, on behalf of the State Council. In September 2007, the Ministry
      of Finance issued special treasury bonds and acquired all the shares of Huijin from the People’s Bank of China. The
      acquired shares were injected into China Investment Corporation (“CIC”) as part of its initial capital contribution.
      However, Huijin’s principal shareholder rights are exercised by the State Council. The members of Huijin’s Board of
      Directors and Board of Supervisors are appointed by and are accountable to the State Council. No financial statements
      were prepared by these companies available for public use.

      The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The Company, through its subsidiaries, associates and joint
      ventures, is principally engaged in investment activities and the provision of financial services.


2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a)   Statement of compliance
      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standards (“HKFRSs”), which include all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
      Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
      (“HKICPA”), and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable
      disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. A
      summary of the material accounting policies adopted by the Group is set out below.

      The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the
      current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from
      the initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior
      accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.


(b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements
      The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries
      (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures.

      The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except that the
      following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below:

      —     investment properties (note 2(h)); and

      —     financial instruments classified as trading securities, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, equity
            investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss and derivative financial instruments (notes 2(f) and 2(n)).

      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates
      and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.




                                                                                                                                    105
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)
            Non-current assets and disposal group held for sale are stated at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less
            costs to sell (see note 2(ab)(i)).

            The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed
            to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about the
            carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
            these estimates.

            The accounting estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
            period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

            Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the financial statements
            and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 43.


      (c)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
            Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to
            variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
            entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are
            considered.

            An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
            commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
            profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
            Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
            the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

            Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
            respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
            the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial
            liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non- controlling interests either at fair value
            or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

            Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
            equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are
            presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of comprehensive
            income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling
            interests and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of non- controlling interests are presented as
            financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
            transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
            consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill, and no gain or
            loss is recognised.




106
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(c)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
      with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date
      when control is lost is recognised at fair value, and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a
      financial asset (see note 2(f)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint
      venture (see note 2(d)).

      In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses
      (see note 2(I)), unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) (see
      note 2(ab)(i)).

      A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
      deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only, and key activities are
      directed by contractual agreement. Structured entities often have restricted activities and a narrow and well defined
      objective. Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities is disclosed in note 38.


(d)   Associates and joint ventures
      An associate is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control,
      over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

      A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or the Company and other parties contractually agree to share
      control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

      An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
      method. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost and adjusted thereafter for the post
      acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment
      (see note 2(I)). Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s
      investments in associates or joint ventures. The Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees
      and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the
      Group’s share of post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the
      consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

      When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is
      reduced to nil and further losses are not recognised except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
      obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest in the investee is the
      carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in
      substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

      Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
      eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
      impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

      If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
      remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.




                                                                                                                                        107
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (d)   Associates and joint ventures (continued)
            When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
            capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
            in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

            In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
            venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being
            recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint
            control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
            asset (see note 2(f)).

            In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint ventures are stated at cost less
            impairment losses (see note 2(l)), unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as
            held for sale) (see note 2(ab)(i)).


      (e)   Goodwill
            Goodwill represents the excess of:

            (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the
                   acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

            (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

            When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

            Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to
            each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
            combination and is tested annually for impairment (see note 2(l)). In respect of associates or joint ventures, the carrying
            amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the interest in the associate or joint venture and the investment
            as a whole is tested for impairment whenever there is objective evidence of impairment (see note 2(l)).

            On disposal of a cash generating unit, an associate or a joint venture during the year, any attributable amount of
            purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the gain or loss on disposal.

            Goodwill on acquisitions that occurred prior to 1 January 2001 was eliminated against goodwill reserves. Such goodwill is
            released from goodwill reserves to retained earnings when all or part of the business to which the goodwill is related is
            disposed of.




108
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(f)   Investments and other financial assets
      Initial recognition and measurement
      Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other
      comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

      The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
      characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not
      contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the
      effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case
      of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a
      significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
      transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below
      (note 2(u)).

      In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive
      income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal
      amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through
      profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

      The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
      generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
      flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a
      business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets
      classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the
      objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
      aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

      All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
      commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
      require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.


      Subsequent measurement
      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


      Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
      Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
      impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified
      or impaired.




                                                                                                                                        109
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (f)   Investments and other financial assets (continued)
            Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
            Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
            designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under HKAS 32
            Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-
            instrument basis.

            Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are recognised
            as Dividend income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that
            the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
            measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial
            asset, in which case such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value
            through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.


            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net
            changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

            This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to
            classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial assets
            at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as dividend income in the statement of profit or loss when the right
            of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
            Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably. Interest income arising from the financial assets at fair
            value through profit or loss is recognised as net gains or net losses in the statement of profit or loss.

            A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host and
            accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host; a
            separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the
            hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with
            changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change
            in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a
            reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

            A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The
            financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset at
            fair value through profit or loss.




110
                                                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(g)   Derecognition of financial assets
      A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
      derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

      —     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

      —     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
            received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either
            (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
            transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

      When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
      arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it
      has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
      asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In
      that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are
      measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

      Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
      original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
      repay.


(h)   Investment properties
      Investment properties are land and/or buildings which are owned or held under a leasehold interest (see note 2(k)) to
      earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation. These include land held for a currently undetermined future use and
      property that is being constructed or developed for future use as investment property.

      Investment properties are stated at fair value at the end of the reporting period, unless they are still in the course of
      construction or development at the end of the reporting period and their fair value cannot be reliably measured at the
      time. Any gain or loss arising from a change in fair value or from the retirement or disposal of an investment property is
      recognised in profit or loss. Rental income from investment properties is accounted for as described in note 2(u).


(i)   Other property and equipment
      The following items of property and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
      accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)):

      —     buildings held for own use which are situated on leasehold land, where the fair value could be measured separately
            from the fair value of the leasehold land at the inception of the lease (see note 2(k)); and

      —     other items of equipment comprising leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, and motor
            vehicles.

      Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined as the
      difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on
      the date of retirement or disposal.




                                                                                                                                          111
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (j)   Depreciation
            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
            residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

            —     Interests in leasehold land held for own use under operating leases is depreciated over the unexpired terms of
                  leases

            —     Buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over the shorter of the unexpired terms of leases and their
                  estimated useful lives, being not more than 50 years after the date of purchase

            —     Leasehold improvements                           over the shorter of 5 years and the lease terms

            —     Furniture, fixtures and equipment                3 to 20 years

            —     Motor vehicles                                   5 years

            —     Right-of-use assets                              over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives

            Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is allocated on a
            reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset and its
            residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.


      (k)   Leased assets
            The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if
            the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


            Group as a lessee
            The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases
            of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing
            the right to use the underlying assets.

            (a)   Right-of-use assets
                  Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets are measured at
                  cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
                  liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs
                  incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
                  Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated
                  useful lives of the assets. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or
                  the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the
                  asset.




112
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(k)   Leased assets (continued)
      Group as a lessee (continued)
      (b)   Lease liabilities
            Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to
            be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments)
            less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts
            expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a
            purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a
            lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease
            payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event
            or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease
            commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
            commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for
            the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
            modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments or a change in assessment of an option to
            purchase the underlying asset.

      (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office premises. When
            the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on
            a lease-by-lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an
            expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


      Group as a lessor
      When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its leases
      as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

      Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset
      are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
      consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted
      for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its
      operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying
      amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are
      recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

      Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee
      are accounted for as finance leases. At the commencement date, the cost of the leased asset is capitalised at the
      present value of the lease payments and related payments, including the initial direct costs, and presented as a receivable
      at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.




                                                                                                                                     113
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (l)   Impairment of assets
      (i)   Impairment of financial assets
            The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
            through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the
            contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective
            interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
            enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

            Simplified approach
            For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical
            expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in
            calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a
            loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based
            on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic
            environment.

            For trade receivables that contain a significant financing component, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt
            the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.

            General approach
            For other financial assets recognised at amortised cost, ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for
            which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses
            that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures
            for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit
            losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

            At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
            since initial recognition. Depending on the nature of the financial instrument, the assessment of a significant increase in
            credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a
            collective basis, the financial instrument is grouped based on similar credit risk characteristics. When making the
            assessment, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
            the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
            supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.
            The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30
            days past due.




114
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(l)    Impairment of assets (continued)
(i)    Impairment of financial assets (continued)
       General approach (continued)
       The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
       cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that
       the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
       enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
       the contractual cash flows.

       Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
       the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the
       simplified approach as detailed below.

       Stage 1 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which
                 the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

       Stage 2 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not
                 credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                 ECLs

       Stage 3 — Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-
                 impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


(ii)   Impairment of other assets
       Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify indications that
       the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no
       longer exists or may have decreased:

       —     Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets (other than properties carried at revalued amount);

       —     Intangible assets;

       —     Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in the Company’s statement of financial position; and

       —     Goodwill.

       If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets that
       are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is estimated
       annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.




                                                                                                                                       115
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (l)    Impairment of assets (continued)
      (ii)   Impairment of other assets (continued)
             Calculation of recoverable amount
             The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
             value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
             reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the assets. Where an asset
             does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined
             for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

             Recognition of impairment losses
             An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which
             it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are
             allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and
             then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
             carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), or value
             in use, (if determinable).

             Reversals of impairment losses
             In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
             estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

             A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been determined had no
             impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in
             which the reversals are recognised.


      (m) Accounts receivable and other receivables
             A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive
             consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due. If
             revenue has been recognised before the group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is
             presented as a contract asset (see note 2(v)).

             Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see note
             2(l)(i)).




116
                                                                                                          CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(n)    Financial liabilities
(i)    Financial liabilities
       Initial recognition and measurement
       Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
       borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

       All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of
       directly attributable transaction costs.

       The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, derivative financial instruments and interest- bearing
       bank and other borrowings.

       Subsequent measurement
       The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
       Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term.
       This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging
       instruments in hedge relationships. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they
       are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the
       statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include
       any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

       Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
       After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
       effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at
       cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
       through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

       Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an
       integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the
       statement of profit or loss.


(ii)   Derecognition of financial liabilities
       A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

       When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
       terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of
       the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is
       recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                117
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (o)    Inventories
             Inventories are stated at specifically identified cost, including capitalised borrowing costs directly attributable to the
             development of the properties, exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings are capitalised to the
             extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs, aggregate cost of development, materials and supplies,
             wages and other direct expenses, less any allowance considered necessary by the directors.

             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling
             prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.


      (p)    Cash and cash equivalents
             Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks and short-term
             highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known amounts of
             cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash
             commitments.

             For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at
             banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an
             integral part of the Group’s cash management.

             For cash subject to restriction, assessment is made on the economic substance of the restriction and whether they meet
             the definition of cash and cash equivalents.


      (q)    Equity instruments
             An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
             liabilities.

             Perpetual capital securities issued by the Company contain no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial
             asset; or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that are potentially
             unfavourable to the Company; and the securities issued are non-derivative instruments that will be settled in the
             Company’s own equity instruments, but include no contractual obligation for the Company to deliver a variable number of
             its own equity instruments. The Company classifies the securities issued as an equity instrument. Fees, commissions
             and other transaction costs of the securities issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on the securities are
             recognised as profit distribution at the time of declaration.


      (r)    Employee benefits
      (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
             Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution plans and the cost of non- monetary
             benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees. Where payment or
             settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.


      (ii)   Termination benefits
             Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits
             and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.




118
                                                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(s)   Income tax
      Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and
      movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to
      items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are
      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

      Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
      enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences, respectively, being the
      differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases.
      Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

      Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable
      that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits
      that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that
      will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same
      taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected
      reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can
      be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary
      differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those
      differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are
      expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

      The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from
      goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
      taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments in
      subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is
      probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it
      is probable that they will reverse in the future.

      The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the
      carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting
      period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

      The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent
      that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised.
      Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

      Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related
      dividends is recognised.




                                                                                                                                           119
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (s)   Income tax (continued)
            Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other and
            are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax
            liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
            liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

            —     in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or
                  to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

            —     in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
                  on either:

                  —      the same taxable entity; or

                  —      different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities
                         or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and settle the
                         current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

            Dividend and interest income received by the Company or the Group may be subject to withholding tax imposed in the
            country of origin. Dividend and interest income is recorded gross of such taxes and the corresponding withholding tax is
            recognised as tax expense.


      (t)   Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts
            Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group or the Company has a legal or
            constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
            required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
            provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
            reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
            more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
            remote.

            An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations
            under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract. Provisions for onerous
            contracts are measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the net
            cost of continuing with the contract.




120
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(u)   Revenue recognition
      Revenue from contracts with customers
      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers
      at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
      services.

      When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which the
      Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration is
      estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount
      of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is
      subsequently resolved.

      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
      the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
      the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
      between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which
      provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
      includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where
      the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less,
      the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in
      HKFRS 15.


      Construction services
      Revenue is recognised when the control over the residential and commercial projects has been transferred to the
      customer. At contract inception, the Group assesses whether the Group transfers control of the residential and
      commercial projects over time or at a point in time by determining if:

      —     its performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group;

      —     the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

      The residential and commercial projects undertaken by the Group do not have an alternative use for the Group due to
      contractual restriction and the Group does not have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
      Accordingly, revenue is recognised only when the legal title passes to the buyer or when the equitable interest in the
      property vests with the buyer upon signing of the property handover notice by the buyer, whichever is earlier.

      Revenue is measured at the transaction price agreed under the contract. Estimates of revenues, costs or extent of
      progress towards completion are revised if circumstances change. Any resulting increases or decreases in estimated
      revenues or costs are reflected in the profit or loss in the period in the which the circumstances that give rise to the
      revision become known by management.

      Provision of consultancy and management services
      Revenue from the provision of consultancy and management services is recognised over the scheduled period on a
      straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.




                                                                                                                                      121
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (u)   Revenue recognition (continued)
            Revenue from other sources
            Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not depend
            on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


            Other income
            Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
            discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when
            appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

            Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable that
            the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
            measured reliably.


      (v)   Contract assets
            A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer. If the Group
            performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment is
            due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Contract assets are subject to
            impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for impairment of financial assets as
            described in note 2(l).


      (w) Contract liabilities
            A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received a
            consideration (or an amount of consideration that is due) from the customer. If a customer pays the consideration before
            the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a
            payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract
            liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract.


      (x)   Contract costs
            Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs
            incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

            (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

            (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
                  performance obligations in the future.

            (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.

            The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
            consistent with the transfer to the customer if the goods or services to which the asset relates is recognised. Other
            contract costs are expensed as incurred.




122
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(y)   Translation of foreign currencies
      Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates.
      Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at
      the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss, except those arising from
      foreign currency borrowings used to hedge a net investment in a foreign operation which are recognised in other
      comprehensive income.

      Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
      the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
      currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value
      was measured.

      The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating to the foreign
      exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items, including goodwill arising on
      consolidation of foreign operations acquired on or after 1 January 2005, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the
      closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in
      other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve. Goodwill arising on
      consolidation of a foreign operation acquired before 1 January 2005 is translated at the foreign exchange rate that applied
      at the date of acquisition of the foreign operation.

      On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation
      is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.


(z)   Borrowing costs
      Borrowing costs are expensed in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred, except to the extent that they are
      capitalised as being directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes
      a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale.


(aa) Government grants
      Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
      and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income
      on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.




                                                                                                                                      123
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (ab) Non-current assets and disposal group held for sale and discontinued operations
      (i)    Non-current assets held for sale
             A non-current asset (or disposal group) is classified as held for sale if it is highly probable that its carrying amount will be
             recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and the asset (or disposal group) is available for
             sale in its present condition. A disposal group is a group of assets to be disposed of together as a group in a single
             transaction, and liabilities directly associated with those assets that will be transferred in the transaction.

             When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all the assets and liabilities of that
             subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the above criteria for classification as held for sale are met, regardless of
             whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the subsidiary after the sale. The relevant asset can be
             classified as current asset if it meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale.

             Immediately before classification as held for sale, the measurement of the non-current assets (and all individual assets
             and liabilities in a disposal group) is brought up-to-date in accordance with the accounting policies before the
             classification. Then, on initial classification as held for sale and until disposal, the non-current assets (except for certain
             assets as explained below), or disposal groups, are recognised at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less
             costs to sell. The principal exceptions to this measurement policy so far as the financial statements of the Group and the
             Company are concerned are deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial assets (other than
             investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) and investment properties. These assets, even if held for sale,
             would continue to be measured in accordance with the policies set out elsewhere in note 2.

             Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale, and on subsequent remeasurement while held for sale, are
             recognised in profit or loss. As long as a non-current asset is classified as held for sale, or is included in a disposal group
             that is classified as held for sale, the non-current asset is not depreciated or amortised.


      (ii)   Discontinued operations
             A discontinued operation is a component of the Group’s business, the operations and cash flows of which can be clearly
             distinguished from the rest of the Group and which represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of
             operations, or is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of
             operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.

             Classification as a discontinued operation occurs upon disposal or when the operation meets the criteria to be classified
             as held for sale (see (i) above), if earlier. It also occurs if the operation is abandoned.

             Where an operation is classified as discontinued, a single amount is presented on the face of the consolidated statement
             of profit or loss, which comprises:

             —     the post-tax profit or loss of the discontinued operation; and

             —     the post-tax gain or loss recognised on the measurement of fair value less costs to sell, or on the disposal, of the
                   assets or disposal group(s) constituting the discontinued operation.




124
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(ac) Fair value measurement
     The Group measures its investment properties, trading securities, derivative financial instruments, financial assets at fair
     value through profit or loss and equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income at fair
     value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
     a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is
     based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
     market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or
     liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a
     liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
     assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
     benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the
     asset in its highest and best use.

     The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available
     to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

     All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within
     the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
     measurement as a whole:

     Level 1 — Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
               assets or liabilities at the measurement date

     Level 2 — Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using
               significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

     Level 3 — Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

     For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
     whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation at the end of each
     reporting period.




                                                                                                                                      125
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (ad) Related parties
           For the purposes of these financial statements, a party is considered to be related to the Group if:

           (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                 (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

                 (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

           (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                 (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same Group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and
                          fellow subsidiary is related to the others);

                 (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of
                          a Group of which the other entity is a member);

                 (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

                 (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                 (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                          related to the Group;

                 (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                 (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                          personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                 (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                          the Group or to the Group’s parent.

           Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
           by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


      (ae) Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified from the
           financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of allocating
           resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have
           similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production
           processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the
           nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
           share a majority of these criteria.




126
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




3.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
     The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.

     Amendments to HKAS 1 and                         Disclosure of Accounting Policies
      HKFRS Practice Statement 2
     Amendments to HKAS 8                             Definition of Accounting Estimates
     Amendments to HKAS 12                            Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                        Transaction
     Amendments to HKAS 12                            International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules

     The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

     (a)   Amendments to HKAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than their
           significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other
           information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that
           the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.
           Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements provide non-mandatory guidance on
           how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. The Group has disclosed the material
           accounting policy information in the financial statements.

     (b)   Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
           accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are
           subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement techniques and
           inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since the Group’s approach and policy align with the amendments, the
           amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.

     (c)   Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction narrow
           the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no longer applies to transactions that give rise to
           equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore,
           entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a
           deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions. The amendments had no impact on
           the Group’s financial statements.

     (d)   Amendments to HKAS 12 International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory temporary
           exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the Pillar Two
           model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The amendments also
           introduce disclosure requirements for the affected entities to help users of the financial statements better
           understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure of current tax related to Pillar
           Two income taxes separately in the periods when Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure of known or
           reasonably estimable information of their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the legislation is
           enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively.
           The amendments did not have significant impact to the Group.




                                                                                                                                      127
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.   TURNOVER, INCOME FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS, INVESTMENTS AND OTHER SOURCES
           Turnover from operations represents the aggregate of service fee income, sales of inventories, interest income, dividend
           income, rental income from investment properties, rental income from finance leases and gross sale proceeds from
           disposal of trading securities of secondary market investments, in which the turnover of derivatives is defined as the
           absolute net profit or loss.

           Income from contracts with customers, investments and other sources recognised during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

             Income from contracts with customers
             Recognised over time
               Management fee income                                                                 182,189             266,018
               Rental income from investment properties                                              213,733             185,582
             Recognised at a point in time
               Consultancy fee and performance fee income                                            376,838             390,477
               Sales of inventories                                                                   19,268                 998

                                                                                                     792,028             843,075

             Net loss from investments
             Interest income
               Financial assets not at fair value through profit or loss
               Bank deposits                                                                         172,695              97,779
               Advances to customers                                                                 361,129             350,010
               Debt investments                                                                      125,852             115,933
             Dividend income
               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and trading securities          661,210           1,751,476
               Equity investments designated at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                                                  330,656             372,497
             Realised (loss)/gain on investments
               Net realised gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            129,242             130,419
               Net realised loss on trading securities                                              (142,400)             (84,225)
             Unrealised loss on investments
               Change of unrealised loss on financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                                                             (2,317,516)        (8,462,156)
               Change of unrealised gain/(loss) on trading securities                                 189,812           (171,734)
             Others
               Realised gain on partial disposal of an associate                                            –              14,306
               Realised loss on disposal of a joint venture                                              (171)                  –

                                                                                                    (489,491)         (5,885,695)

             Income/(loss) from other sources
               Net gain/(loss) on revaluation of investment properties                               760,263               (92,839)
               Written back of impairment loss on inventory                                          179,704                     –
               Rental income from finance leases                                                       4,110                 5,548
               Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          90                    99
               Exchange differences, net                                                              (2,144)              (82,204)
               Others                                                                                160,300                93,989

                                                                                                   1,102,323               (75,407)




128
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023




5.   IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Impairment losses on:
        — Inventories                                                                              –            606,747
        — Advances to customers                                                              367,759            263,930
        — Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                                          360,245             72,871
        — Finance lease receivables                                                            3,687             24,040
        — Property, plant and equipment                                                            –             14,553

                                                                                             731,691            982,141

      Impairment losses on:
        — Investments in associates                                                           64,151          1,128,501

                                                                                             795,842          2,110,642


6.   OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                  55,000             66,597
      Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                      2,433              3,201
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                  16,000             16,129
      Management fee, consultancy fee, advisor fee and performance fee                        72,591            101,595
      Office expenses                                                                         43,462             41,159
      Bank charges                                                                            39,383             36,502
      Employee expenses (wages, bonuses and allowances)                                      256,035            272,573
      Legal and professional fee                                                              53,834             49,241
      Other operating expenses                                                               368,485            332,770

                                                                                             907,223            919,767


7.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Interest expense on bank loans and other borrowings                                  1,640,407          1,106,379
      Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                    3,284              2,936

                                                                                           1,643,691          1,109,315


     The effective interest rate of bank loans and other borrowings was approximately 4.70% (2022: 3.25%) per annum during
     the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                                             129
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS
      (a)   Directors’ emoluments:
            Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
            Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

            For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                                Salaries,
                                                                             allowances                 Retirement
                                                              Directors’    and benefits Discretionary      scheme      2023
                                                                     fee         in kind      bonuses contributions     Total
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000

             Executive directors
             Zhang Mingao                                               –           1,601              –        64      1,665
             Wang Yun (note 1)                                          –           1,034              –        47      1,081
             Yin Yanwu                                                  –           1,516              –        53      1,569
             Wang Hongyang (note 2)                                     –             493              –         6        499

             Non-executive directors
             Yu Fachang                                                 –                –             –          –         –
             Pan Wenjie                                                 –                –             –          –         –
             Fang Bin                                                   –                –             –          –         –

             Independent non-executive directors
             Chung Shui Ming, Timpson                                200              328              –          –       528
             Lin Zhijun                                              200              300              –          –       500
             Law Cheuk Kin, Stephen                                  200              314              –          –       514

                                                                     600            5,586              –       170      6,356

            Note:

            1.      Ms. Wang Yun was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 5 May 2023.

            2.      Mr. Wang Hongyang resigned as an Executive Director with effect from 5 May 2023.




130
                                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023




8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
(a)   Directors’ emoluments: (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                            Salaries,
                                                                         allowances                 Retirement
                                                          Directors’    and benefits Discretionary      scheme                     2022
                                                                 fee         in kind      bonuses contributions                    Total
                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000                   HK$’000

       Executive directors
       Zhang Mingao                                                 –            1,810                 –                64             1,874
       Wang Hongyang                                                –            2,003                 –                18             2,021
       Yin Yanwu                                                    –            2,292                 –                18             2,310
       Zhao Wei (note 1)                                            –            2,030                 –                36             2,066

       Non-executive directors
       Yu Fachang (note 2)                                          –                 –                –                 –                 –
       Pan Wenjie                                                   –                 –                –                 –                 –
       Fang Bin                                                     –                 –                –                 –                 –

       Independent non-executive directors
       Chung Shui Ming, Timpson                                  200               378                 –                 –              578
       Lin Zhijun                                                200               350                 –                 –              550
       Law Cheuk Kin, Stephen                                    200               371                 –                 –              571

                                                                 600             9,234                 –              136              9,970

      Notes:

      1.       Dr. Zhao Wei resigned as the Chairman of the Board and an Executive Director with effect from 21 June 2022.

      2.       Mr. Yu Fachang was appointed as the Chairman of the Board and a Non-executive Director with effect from 21 June 2022.




                                                                                                                                               131
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
      (b)   Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments

                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

             Salaries and other emoluments                                                             10,475             12,403
             Bonuses                                                                                        –              2,760
             Retirement scheme contributions                                                               90                185

                                                                                                       10,565             15,348


                                                                                                         2023               2022

             Number of directors                                                                            –                   –
             Number of employees                                                                            5                   5

                                                                                                            5                   5


            Their emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                                   Number of individuals
                                                                                                         2023               2022

             HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                   5                   –
             HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                   –                   3
             HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                   –                   1
             HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                   –                   1

                                                                                                            5                   5


            During the year, no emoluments were paid to the five highest paid individuals (including directors and employees) as an
            inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2022: Nil).

            Bonus payment is determined pursuant to the incentive schemes and relevant policies of the Group.




132
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSES/(CREDIT)
     The provision for Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits for the
     year. Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is calculated at the appropriate current rates of taxation in the relevant tax
     jurisdictions.

     The amount of taxation recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

      Current taxation
        — Hong Kong profits tax                                                                     4,012            10,963
        — Overseas taxation                                                                       166,461            67,207
        — (Over)/under-provision in prior years                                                    (4,676)           20,201
      Deferred taxation
        — Deferred taxation relating to the origination and
          reversal of temporary differences                                                       (89,418)       (1,021,798)

      Income tax expenses/(credit)                                                                   76,379       (923,427)


     Reconciliation between income tax expenses/(credit) and accounting (loss)/profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

      Loss before taxation                                                                     (1,685,890)       (8,623,742)

      Calculated at the rates applicable to loss in the tax jurisdictions concerned              (425,338)       (1,839,480)
      Tax effect of income not subject to taxation                                             (1,145,444)         (812,191)
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                               1,222,756         1,514,982
      Tax effect of utilisation of previously unrecognised losses                                  (1,256)            (6,159)
      Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary
        differences not recognised                                                                430,337          199,220
      (Over)/under-provision of taxation in prior years                                            (4,676)          20,201

      Income tax expenses/(credit)                                                                   76,379       (923,427)


10. PROFIT/(LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS
     Profit for the year of the Company attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$1,352,296,000 (2022: loss
     attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$969,812,000) has been dealt with in the financial statements of
     the Company.




                                                                                                                                133
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      11. DIVIDENDS
      (a)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year

                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000

             — Interim dividend declared and paid of HK$0.15
                (2022: HK$0.15) per share                                                                252,788          252,788
             — Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting
                period date of HK$0.10 (2022: HK$0.15) per share                                         168,525          252,788

                                                                                                         421,313          505,576


            The Board proposed a final dividend of HK$0.10 per share for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: HK$0.15 per
            share). The proposed final dividend is not reflected as dividend payable in the financial statements.


      (b)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
            year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000

             — Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
                approved and paid during the year, of HK$0.15
                (2022: HK$0.30) per share                                                                252,788          505,576


      12. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
            Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                        2023                                  2022
                                                           Before tax       Tax    Net of tax   Before tax        Tax    Net of tax
                                                             amount       credit    amount        amount        credit    amount
                                                            HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

             Net movement in investment revaluation
               reserve of equity investments designated
               at fair value through other comprehensive
               income                                       (372,285)         –     (372,285)    (981,160)          –     (981,160)
             Share of other comprehensive loss and
               effect of foreign currency translation
               of associates                                (145,321)         –     (145,321)   (1,419,859)         –    (1,419,859)
             Share of other comprehensive loss and
               effect of foreign currency translation
               of joint ventures                             (13,376)         –      (13,376)      (84,987)         –       (84,987)
             Other net movement in exchange reserve         (466,737)         –     (466,737)   (2,047,737)         –    (2,047,737)

                                                            (997,719)         –     (997,719)   (4,533,743)         –    (4,533,743)




134
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




13. LOSS PER SHARE
      Basic and diluted loss per share
      The calculation of basic and diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2023 is based on the loss attributable
      to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$1,922,639,000 (2022: loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
      Company of HK$7,443,299,000) and the weighted average number of 1,685,253,712 shares (2022: 1,685,253,712
      shares) in issue during the year.


14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
(a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                  Interests in
                                    leasehold
                                     land held    Buildings                   Furniture,
                                       for own      held for                   fixtures,       Other
                                   use under       own use                   equipment     properties
                                    operating        carried     Leasehold   and motor     leased for                Investment
                                         leases      at cost improvements      vehicles      own use       Total      properties
                                      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000

       Cost or valuation:
       At 1 January 2022             506,080        61,854        124,299        92,051      218,464    1,002,748     5,352,758
       Additions                           –             –          3,967         4,870       17,097       25,934         94,279
       Disposals                           –             –              –        (6,282)     (31,202)     (37,484)             –
       Net loss on revaluation             –             –              –             –            –            –        (92,839)
       Exchange adjustments          (21,849)            –         (6,934)       (1,700)     (10,204)     (40,687)     (456,025)

       As at 31 December 2022         484,231       61,854        121,332        88,939      194,155     950,511      4,898,173


       Representing:
       Cost                           484,231       61,854        121,332        88,939      194,155     950,511              –
       Professional valuation               –            –              –             –            –           –      4,898,173

                                      484,231       61,854        121,332        88,939      194,155     950,511      4,898,173

       Cost or valuation:
       At 1 January 2023              484,231       61,854        121,332        88,939      194,155      950,511     4,898,173
       Additions                            –            –          1,116         2,143       15,156       18,415             –
       Disposals                            –            –         (9,367)       (1,483)     (90,714)    (101,564)            –
       Net gain on revaluation              –            –              –             –            –            –       760,263
       Exchange adjustments            (3,374)           –            271          (292)      (1,147)      (4,542)      (73,617)

       As at 31 December 2023         480,857       61,854        113,352        89,307      117,450     862,820      5,584,819

       Representing:
       Cost                           480,857       61,854        113,352        89,307      117,450     862,820              –
       Professional valuation               –            –              –             –            –           –      5,584,819

                                      480,857       61,854        113,352        89,307      117,450     862,820      5,584,819




                                                                                                                                    135
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount (continued)

                                          Interests in
                                            leasehold
                                             land held    Buildings                    Furniture,
                                               for own      held for                    fixtures,        Other
                                           use under       own use                    equipment      properties
                                            operating        carried     Leasehold    and motor      leased for               Investment
                                                 leases      at cost improvements       vehicles       own use       Total     properties
                                              HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000

             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2022               138,546        21,527          40,124        74,032       130,977     405,206              –
             Charge for the year               8,115         1,532           7,746        10,769        38,435      66,597              –
             Written back on disposals             –             –               –        (5,782)      (31,202)    (36,984)             –
             Impairment loss recognised
               in profit or loss                     –           –          14,553              –             –     14,553              –
             Exchange adjustments               (8,990)       (101)           (433)        (4,783)       (6,272)   (20,579)             –

             As at 31 December 2022           137,671       22,958          61,990        74,236       131,938     428,793              –

             At 1 January 2023                137,671       22,958          61,990        74,236       131,938     428,793              –
             Charge for the year                7,864        1,430           5,989         5,477        34,240      55,000              –
             Written back on disposals              –            –          (9,367)       (1,278)      (72,459)    (83,104)             –
             Exchange adjustments              (1,428)         (71)          1,355          (834)         (858)     (1,836)             –

             As at 31 December 2023           144,107       24,317          59,967        77,601        92,861     398,853              –

             Net book value:
             As at 31 December 2023           336,750       37,537          53,385        11,706        24,589     463,967     5,584,819

             As at 31 December 2022           346,560       38,896          59,342        14,703        62,217     521,718     4,898,173


      (b)   The Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings and investment properties situated in Hong Kong and Mainland
            China were appraised as at 31 December 2023 by RHL Appraisal Limited, Savills Real Estate Valuation (Guangzhou)
            Limited and Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited, independent professional valuers who have, among their staff
            fellows of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors or the China Institute of Real Estate Appraisers and Agents, recent
            experience in the location and category of property being valued. These properties were appraised on an open market
            basis and investment properties are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at market value.

            As at 31 December 2023, had the Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings, which were carried at cost less
            accumulated depreciation, been carried at fair value, their carrying amount would have been HK$985,759,000 (2022:
            HK$1,054,972,000). Since such fair value is determined using significant unobservable inputs, it will be categorised as
            Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

            The fair value of the Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings in Hong Kong and Mainland China is determined
            using the direct comparison approach based on prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable
            properties. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the properties which include the size, scale, nature,
            character and location. Premiums or discounts will be applied based on characteristics of the properties.




136
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(b)   (continued)
      In the opinion of the Directors, the Group’s existing use of its interest in leasehold land and buildings equates to the
      highest and best use of the assets.

      Investment properties of HK$4,599,631,000 (2022: HK$4,551,165,000) of the Group are rented out under operating
      leases; HK$750,366,000 (2022: HK$303,939,000) are under construction and will be rented out upon completion of the
      construction.

      All properties held under operating leases that would otherwise meet the definition of investment properties are
      classified as investment properties.

      During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group did not acquire any assets through
      business combination.


(c)   Right-of-use assets
      The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                                 Note               HK$’000        HK$’000

       Interests in leasehold land held for own use, carried at
         depreciated cost in Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:             (i)
         — 50 years or more                                                                         231,505         233,679

                                                                                                    231,505         233,679

       Interests in leasehold land held for own use, carried at
         depreciated cost outside Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:        (i)
         — between 10 and 50 years                                                                  105,245         112,881

                                                                                                    105,245         112,881

       Other properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost                               24,589         62,217

                                                                                                      24,589         62,217

       Interests in leasehold investment properties, at fair value in
         Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:
         — 50 years or more                                                                           10,700         10,800

                                                                                                      10,700         10,800

       Interests in leasehold investment properties, at fair value
         outside Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:
         — between 10 and 50 years                                                                5,574,119       4,887,373

                                                                                                  5,574,119       4,887,373


(i)   Interests in leasehold land held for own use
      The Group is the registered owner of these property interests. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire
      leasehold land from their previously registered owners, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of the
      land leases, other than payments based on rateable values set by the relevant government authorities.




                                                                                                                                 137
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (d)    Fair value measurement of properties
      (i)    Fair value hierarchy
             The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s properties measured at the end of the reporting period on a
             recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement. The
             levels into which a fair value measurement is classified and determined with reference to the observability and
             significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique are as follows:

             •         Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                       for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

             •         Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and
                       not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

             •         Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                                                        Fair value measurements categorised into
                                                                                     Fair value             Level 1        Level 2          Level 3
                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000

                 Recurring fair value measurement

                 Investment properties:
                 As at 31 December 2023                                              5,584,819                          –                        –             5,584,819
                 As at 31 December 2022                                              4,898,173                          –                        –             4,898,173


             During the year ended 31 December 2023, there were no transfers into or out of Level 3 (2022: Nil). The Group’s policy
             is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


      (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                                Relationship of unobservable
                                         Valuation technique   Unobservable input                                    Range      inputs to fair value
                 Investment property     Direct comparison     Premium/(discount) on characteristic             -14% to 1%      The higher the premium,
                   — Hong Kong             approach              of the properties                      (2022: -13% to 1%)        the higher the fair value.
                 Investment properties   Direct comparison     Weighted average price                         RMB4,640 to       The higher the weighted average price per
                   — Mainland China        approach              per square meter                               RMB34,000         square meter, the higher the fair value.
                                                                                                       (2022: RMB5,870 to
                                                                                                               RMB34,000)
                                         Income approach       Discount rate                                            Nil*    The higher the discount rate,
                                                                                                        (2022: 6% to 6.7%)        the lower the fair value.
                                                               Occupancy rate                                           Nil*    The higher the occupancy rate,
                                                                                                      (2022: 51% to 100%)         the higher the fair value.
                                                               Rental growth rate                                        1%     The higher the rental growth rate,
                                                                                                          (2022: 1% to 8%)        the higher the fair value.
                                                               Capitalisation rate                              3.5% to 4%      The higher the capitalisation rate,
                                                                                                        (2022: 3.5% to 4%)        the lower the fair value.
                                                               Term and reversion rate                       4.8% to 5.8%       The higher the term and reversion rate,
                                                                                                                 (2022: Nil*)     the lower the fair value.

             *         Certain investment properties in Mainland China were fully developed at year-end, and the Group has changed its valuation
                       techniques for these investment properties accordingly.




138
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(d)    Fair value measurement of properties (continued)
(ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
       The fair value of investment property in Hong Kong is determined using the direct comparison approach to value the
       property in the existing state, and uses the market basis assuming sale with immediate vacant possession and by making
       reference to comparable sales evidence. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the property which
       included the location, size, shape, view, floor level, year of completion and other factors collectively.

       The fair value of investment properties in Mainland China is determined by multiple approaches including direct
       comparison approach and income approach, and uses the market basis assuming sale with immediate vacant possession
       and by making reference to comparable sales evidence. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the
       properties which included the location, size, floor level, year of completion and other factors collectively. Higher
       premiums for properties with better characteristics will result in a higher fair value measurement.

       The movements during the year in the balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:

                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000

        Investment properties
          At 1 January                                                                          4,898,173           5,352,758
          Additions                                                                                     –               94,279
          Net gain/(loss) on revaluation of investment properties                                 760,263              (92,839)
          Exchange adjustments                                                                    (73,617)           (456,025)

        At 31 December                                                                          5,584,819           4,898,173


       Net gain on revaluation of investment properties is recognised as part of the “Income from other sources” (note 4) in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                   139
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
           The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of
           the Group.

                                                                                         Particulars of
                                                                                           issued and      Percentage of
                                                Place of                               paid up capital/   equity interest
                                                incorporation/                              registered           held by
             Name of subsidiary                 operation        Class of shares                capital    the Company      Principal activities

             CEL Venture Capital (Shenzhen)     The PRC   #
                                                                 Not applicable      HK$5,170,000,000              100%     Provision of investment
               Limited                                                                                                        advisory services and
                                                                                                                              investment

             CEL Management Services Limited Hong Kong           Ordinary                     2 Shares             100%     Provision of management
                                                                                                 HK$2                         services

             China Everbright Assets            Hong Kong        Ordinary             5,000,000 Shares             100% 1 Provision of asset
               Management Limited                                                        HK$5,000,000                       management services

             China Everbright Finance Limited   Hong Kong        Ordinary           100,000,000 Shares             100%     Money lending
                                                                                       HK$100,000,000

             China Everbright Financial         Hong Kong        Ordinary             1,000,000 Shares             100%     Investment
               Investments Limited                                                       HK$1,000,000

             China Everbright Industrial        Cayman Islands   Ordinary                10,000 Shares             100%     Investment
               Investment Holdings Limited                                                  US$10,000

             China Everbright Investment        Hong Kong        Ordinary             5,000,000 Shares             100%     Provision of investment
               Management Limited                                                        HK$5,000,000                         management services

             Fortunecrest Investment Limited    British Virgin   Ordinary                      1 Share             100%     Property investment
                                                  Islands                                        US$1

             Janco Development Limited          Hong Kong        Ordinary                     2 Shares             100%     Property investment
                                                                                                 HK$2

             光大匯益偉業投資管理(北京)                     The PRC*         Not applicable       RMB125,300,000               100% 1 Project investment
              有限公司

             光大控股(江蘇)投資有限公司                     The PRC#         Not applicable    RMB1,202,703,325.05             100%     Investment

             宜興光控投資有限公司                         The PRC*         Not applicable      RMB3,100,000,000              100% 1 Project investment

             Everbright (Qingdao) Investment    The PRC#         Not applicable        US$160,000,000              100%     Investment
               Co., Limited

             成都光控西部創業投資有限公司                     The PRC*         Not applicable       RMB500,000,000               100% 1 Investment




140
                                                                                                        CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023




15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                  Particulars of
                                                                                    issued and      Percentage of
                                         Place of                               paid up capital/   equity interest
                                         incorporation/                              registered           held by
      Name of subsidiary                 operation          Class of shares              capital    the Company      Principal activities

      上海光控嘉鑫股權投資管理有限公司 The PRC*                             Not applicable     RMB100,000,000               100% 1 Fund management

      青島光晟投資有限公司                         The PRC#           Not applicable       US$50,000,000              100% 1 Investment

      上海光控股權投資管理有限公司                     The PRC*           Not applicable    RMB1,835,000,000              100% 1 Investment

      CEL Israel Holdings Limited        British Virgin     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                           Islands                                        US$1

      China Everbright Global Investment Hong Kong          Ordinary           5,000,000 Shares             100% 1 Provision of advisory
        Advisors Company Limited                                                  HK$5,000,000                       services

      Everbright Hero GP Limited         Cayman Islands     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Fund management
                                                                                          US$1

      Everbright Hero, L.P.              Cayman Islands     Not applicable        Not applicable          90.16% 1 Investment

      光控投資管理(上海)有限公司                     The PRCΔ           Not applicable     RMB200,000,000               100% 1 Provision of investment
                                                                                                                     management services

      Diamond Wealth Global Limited      British Virgin     Ordinary                100 Shares              100% 1 Investment holding
                                           Islands                                     US$100

      Pioneer Act Investments Limited    British Virgin     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                           Islands                                        US$1

      CEL Global Investment LP Limited   Cayman Islands     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                                                                          US$1

      CEL Elite Limited                  Hong Kong          Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Treasury management
                                                                                          HK$1

      北京光控浦益私募基金管理有限公司2 The PRC*                            Not applicable     RMB310,000,000               100% 1 Fund management

      China Golden Opportunities Fund III, Cayman Islands   Not applicable        Not applicable          75.09% 1 Investment
        L.P.

      CEL New Economy Fund, L.P.         Cayman Islands     Not applicable        Not applicable          64.84% 1 Investment

      湖南光控星宸股權投資合夥企業                     The PRC◇           Not applicable    RMB5,100,000,000            50.94% 1 Investment
       (有限合夥)




                                                                                                                                             141
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                         Particulars of
                                                                                           issued and        Percentage of
                                                Place of                               paid up capital/     equity interest
                                                incorporation/                              registered             held by
                  Name of subsidiary            operation         Class of shares               capital      the Company      Principal activities

                  江蘇溧陽光控股權投資合夥企業                The PRC◇          Not applicable     RMB2,000,000,000              49.91% 1 Investment
                   (有限合夥)

                  贛州光控蘇區高質量發展產業                 The PRC◇          Not applicable     RMB2,500,000,000              33.31% 1 Investment
                   投資基金(有限合夥)

                  廣州光控穗港澳青年創業股權                 The PRC◇          Not applicable     RMB1,000,000,000               39.8% 1 Investment
                   投資合夥企業(有限合夥)
            (1)
                      Subsidiaries held indirectly.
            (2)
                      上海光控浦益股權投資管理有限公司 has been renamed as 北京光控浦益私募基金管理有限公司 with effect from 23 February 2023.
            #
                      Limited liability companies (wholly-foreign-owned enterprise) registered under PRC law.
            ∆
                      Limited liability companies (equity joint venture enterprise) registered under PRC law.
            *         Limited liability companies registered under PRC law.
            ◇
                      Limited partnership enterprises registered under PRC law.


            The list of subsidiaries above included certain consolidated structured entities of which the Group has capital
            commitment of HK$4,868,718,000 (2022: HK$4,762,750,000) to provide capital to support the operating and investing
            activities. The Group has no intention and did not provide any other financial support to these consolidated structured
            entities during the year.

            Acquisition of non-controlling interests
            During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no material acquisition of non-controlling interests.


      16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
      (a)   Investments in associates

                                                                                                                      2023                     2022
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                  HK$’000

                  Carrying value, net (note)                                                                    17,709,713               18,002,564

                  Market value of shares listed in mainland China                                               17,512,550               17,515,712
                  Market value of shares listed in Hong Kong                                                     1,028,806                1,227,199

            Note:
            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s net carrying value of its investment in Everbright Jiabao Co., Ltd (“Everbright Jiabao”), an associate
            of the Group, amounted to HK$1,786,636,000 (2022: HK$2,475,081,000).

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has engaged an external specialist to estimate the value-in-use of Everbright Jiabao
            using a discounted cash flow model. As at 31 December 2023, the accumulated impairment losses charged to profit or loss in prior years
            related to Everbright Jiabao amounted to HK$1,598,827,000 (2022: HK$1,598,827,000).

            The pre-tax discount rates applied in the cash flow projection of different key business operations of Everbright Jiabao ranged from 8.0%
            to 13.0% (2022: 8.0% to 12.8%) and the perpetual growth rate was 1.5% (2022: 2.0%).




142
                                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023




16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
(b)   As at 31 December 2023, particulars of the principal investments in associates of the Group are as
      follows:

                                                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                          Place of                                                              equity interest
                                                          incorporation/                                                               held by
           Name of associate                              operation             Principal activities                             the Company

           Everbright Securities Company Limited      #
                                                          The PRC               Securities operations (note 1)                          20.73%
             (“Everbright Securities”)

           China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings          Cayman Islands        Investment holding (note 2)                             38.08%*
             Limited## (“CALC”)

           Everbright Jiabao###                           The PRC               Real estate development/real estate                     29.17%*
                                                                                  asset management (note 3)

           China Everbright Senior Healthcare             Hong Kong             Providing senior health care services                   49.29%*
             Company Limited (“Everbright                                         (note 4)                                              (note 5)
             Senior Healthcare”)

      #
                 Market value of the listed shares in mainland China as at 31 December 2023 was equivalent to HK$16,267,262,000 (2022:
                 HK$15,914,497,000).
      ##
                 Market value of the listed shares in Hong Kong as at 31 December 2023 was HK$1,028,806,000 (2022: HK$1,227,199,000).
      ###
                 Market value of the listed shares in mainland China as at 31 December 2023 was equivalent to HK$1,245,288,000 (2022:
                 HK$1,601,215,000).
      *          Held indirectly
      Note 1:    Everbright Securities is the Group’s cornerstone investment, with an investment cost of HK$1,497,149,000 (2022:
                 HK$1,497,149,000). During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s equity interest in Everbright Securities was
                 decreased from 20.83% to 20.73% as a result of partial disposal.
      Note 2:    CALC is the Group’s key investee engaged in providing full life-cycle aircraft leasing solutions. During the year ended 31
                 December 2022, the Group’s equity interest in CALC was increased from 37.91% to 38.08% as a result of CALC’s share buy-
                 back.
      Note 3:    Everbright Jiabao is the Group’s major investee engaged in real estate development and asset management in mainland China.
      Note 4:    Everbright Senior Healthcare is the Group’s key investee to provide integrated senior health care services including elderly health
                 care, geriatric treatment, rehabilitation and community services in mainland China.
      Note 5:    As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not control the board of directors of Everbright Senior Healthcare. Upon the completion
                 of the procedures of share subscription by an investor with investment amount of RMB50 million, the Group’s equity interest in
                 Everbright Senior Healthcare stands at 49.29% on a fully diluted basis.




                                                                                                                                                       143
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
      (c)   Supplementary financial information of the principal associates
            Supplementary financial information in respect of an individually material associate extracted from its financial statements
            is as follows:

                                                                                                        Everbright Securities
                                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000

             Gross amounts of the associate
             Current assets                                                                          239,808,808         247,731,036
             Non-current assets                                                                       46,404,632           41,491,640
             Current liabilities                                                                    (188,609,201)       (178,757,275)
             Non-current liabilities                                                                 (22,749,573)         (37,940,517)
             Perpetual subordinated bonds                                                            (10,472,585)         (10,633,877)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                  (889,475)            (872,752)

             Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the associate                              63,492,606          61,018,255

             Operating income                                                                         11,140,032          12,517,585

             Profit from operating activities                                                          4,775,865            3,763,079
             Other comprehensive income                                                                  195,127             (128,344)
             Total comprehensive income                                                                4,970,992            3,634,735

             Dividend received from the associate                                                        222,153              253,728

             Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate
             Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                                             63,492,606          61,018,255
             Group’s effective interest                                                                  20.73%              20.73%
             Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                             13,159,636          12,649,524

             Carrying amount in the Group’s consolidated financial statements                         13,159,636          12,649,524


            Aggregate information of the associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000

             Aggregate carrying amount of associates that are not individually material
               in the consolidated statement of financial position                                     4,550,077            5,353,040

             Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates:
               Loss for the year                                                                        (650,049)              (71,339)
               Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                           3,286             (230,675)

               Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                        (646,763)            (302,014)




144
                                                                                                            CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023




17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
(a)   Investments in joint ventures

                                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

      Carrying value, net                                                                                     932,964                926,157


(b)   As at 31 December 2023, details of the Group’s principal investments in joint ventures are as
      follows:

                                                                                                                               Percentage of
                                                     Place of                                                                 equity interest
                                                     incorporation/                                                              held by the
       Name of joint venture                         operation             Principal activities                                    Company

       Wuxi Ronghong Guolian Capital Co., Ltd.       The PRC               Venture capital and investment advisory                     50.0%*
                                                                             services (note 1)

       山東高速光控產業投資基金管理有限公司                            The PRC               Fund management services (note 2)                           48.0%*

       CEL Capital Prestige Asset Management         The PRC               Assets management services (note 3)                         49.0%*
         Co., Ltd.

      *       Held indirectly
      Note 1: Wuxi Ronghong Guolian Capital Co., Ltd. is a joint venture of the Group to provide investment advisory services to a joint venture
              fund in mainland China.
      Note 2: 山東高速光控產業投資基金管理有限公司 is a joint venture of the Group to provide fund management services to an industrial
              sector investment fund in mainland China.
      Note 3: CEL Capital Prestige Asset Management Co., Ltd. is a joint venture of the Group and an asset management institution established
              under approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission.


      All of the above joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.


18. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

       At fair value:
       Listed equity securities
         — outside Hong Kong                                                                                5,032,899             5,405,184


      The Group designated the investment in China Everbright Bank Company Limited (“China Everbright Bank”) as financial
      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income because the Group intends to hold for the long-term strategic
      purposes. The investment cost of the Group’s investment in China Everbright Bank is HK$1,407,189,000 (2022:
      HK$1,407,189,000).

      No disposal was made during the year ended 31 December 2023, and there were no transfers of any cumulative gain or
      loss within equity relating to this investment (2022: Nil).




                                                                                                                                                   145
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000

               Non-current assets
               At fair value:
                 Unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes*
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                        20,789,666            26,301,921
                 Unlisted preference shares
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                          5,361,456             6,250,280
                 Unlisted debt securities
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                            345,457               346,479

                                                                                                             26,496,579            32,898,680

               Current assets
               At fair value:
                 Listed equity securities
                  — in Hong Kong                                                                               1,106,006               596,727
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                            885,741               735,000
                 Unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes*
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                          2,212,737               391,198
                 Unlisted debt securities
                  — outside Hong Kong                                                                            110,978               453,299

                                                                                                               4,315,462             2,176,224

           *       Included in the balance of unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes are the Group’s interests in unconsolidated
                   structured entities amounting to HK$18,742,839,000 (2022: HK$21,559,069,000).


           As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s listed and unlisted equity securities amounting to a fair value of
           HK$19,346,709,000 (2022: HK$22,011,177,000) were investments in associates and joint ventures. The Group was
           exempted from applying the equity method to these investments and they were measured as financial assets at fair
           value through profit or loss.

           As at 31 December 2023, the Group had certain unlisted financial assets at fair value through profit or loss recorded at a
           purchase price which was below the fair value at inception that would be determined at that date using a valuation
           technique. According to the Group’s accounting policy, the difference yet to be recognised in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss at the beginning and the end of the year is as follows:

                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000

               As at 1 January                                                                                   227,136               251,951
               Released during the year                                                                         (216,855)                 (4,472)
               Exchange adjustment                                                                                (3,152)               (20,343)

               As at 31 December                                                                                    7,129              227,136




146
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023




20. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS
                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000

    Non-current assets
    Term loans to customers
      — secured                                                                                         –              5,859
      — unsecured                                                                                       –            458,082

                                                                                                        –            463,941

    Current assets
    Term loans to customers
      — secured                                                                                1,205,585            1,310,647
      — unsecured                                                                              2,831,273            2,090,961

                                                                                               4,036,858            3,401,608

    Total term loans to customers                                                              4,036,858            3,865,549

    Less: Impairment allowance                                                                  (966,285)            (602,116)

    Net carrying value                                                                         3,070,573            3,263,433


   Certain term loans to customers are secured by unlisted securities or leasehold land and properties in Hong Kong and
   mainland China with third parties guarantees.

   Term loans to customers are categorised into the following internal credit risk grades:

   The Group classifies the credit risk levels of term loans to customers into “Low” (credit risk in excellent condition),
   “Medium” (credit risk in normal condition), and “High” (credit risk in severe condition), based on the quality of loans. The
   credit risk level is used for the purpose of the Group’s internal credit risk management.

   “Low” refers to borrowers with excellent credit quality, or bridge loans with tenor less than 6 months. There is no
   sufficient reason to doubt the obligations to repay or there are no other behaviours breaching the debt contracts that
   would significantly impact on the repayment. “Medium” refers to borrowers who are currently meeting their repayment
   obligations and full repayment of interest and principal is not in doubt. “High” refers to borrowers who are vulnerable to
   non-payment according to the debt contract terms, or having significant impact on the repayment of debt according to
   contract terms. “Default” is triggered when a repayment obligation is in default; or borrowers are in the stage of filing of
   a bankruptcy petition or taking of similar action.

   Analysis of the gross carrying amount by the Group’s internal credit rating and year end classification are as follows:


   As at 31 December 2023

                                                            Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3              Total
    Internal rating grade                                   HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

    Medium                                                     5,854                  –                 –              5,854
    High                                                           –          1,697,398                 –          1,697,398
    Default                                                        –                  –         2,333,606          2,333,606

                                                               5,854          1,697,398         2,333,606          4,036,858




                                                                                                                                  147
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      20. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (continued)
           As at 31 December 2022

                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3          Total
             Internal rating grade                               HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000

             Medium                                             1,661,642                 –                 –     1,661,642
             High                                                 262,500            21,484                 –       283,984
             Default                                                    –                 –         1,919,923     1,919,923

                                                                1,924,142            21,484         1,919,923     3,865,549


           Analysis of the gross carrying amount and the corresponding impairment allowance are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3          Total
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000

             As at 1 January 2022                               3,415,641            34,515           299,996     3,750,152
             New assets originated or purchased                   918,900                 –                 –       918,900
             Assets derecognised or repaid                       (607,835)          (13,056)                –      (620,891)
             Transfer from stage 1 to stage 3                  (1,619,927)                –         1,619,927             –
             Exchange difference                                 (182,637)               25                 –      (182,612)

             As at 31 December 2022 and
               1 January 2023                                   1,924,142            21,484         1,919,923     3,865,549
             New assets originated or purchased                 1,178,812                 –                 –     1,178,812
             Assets derecognised or repaid                       (972,106)                –                 –      (972,106)
             Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2 and
               stage 3                                         (2,112,156)        1,675,938          436,218               –
             Exchange difference                                  (12,838)              (24)         (22,535)        (35,397)

             As at 31 December 2023                                 5,854         1,697,398         2,333,606     4,036,858


           The movements in the impairment allowance on term loans to customers are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3          Total
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000

             As at 1 January 2022                                  27,050            11,140          299,996        338,186
             Other changes (including new assets
               and derecognised assets)                           (15,830)           (4,430)         284,190        263,930

             As at 31 December 2022 and
               1 January 2023                                      11,220             6,710          584,186        602,116
             Other changes (including new assets
               and derecognised assets)                           (11,207)         328,253             50,713       367,759
             Exchange difference                                       (8)             (40)            (3,542)       (3,590)

             As at 31 December 2023                                     5          334,923           631,357        966,285


           Except for the above impairment allowance of HK$966,285,000 (2022: HK$602,116,000), there were no other significant
           loans to customers, that were aged, requiring significant impairment provision as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




148
                                                                                         CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023




21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

     Properties under development                                                           135,079             137,038
     Completed properties                                                                 1,394,260           1,246,776

                                                                                          1,529,339           1,383,814


22. DEBTORS, DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHERS
                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

     Accounts receivable                                                                    832,251             746,357
     Deposits, prepayments, interest and other receivables and others                     1,614,138           1,395,422

                                                                                          2,446,389           2,141,779
     Less: Impairment allowance                                                            (517,284)           (157,594)

                                                                                          1,929,105           1,984,185


    Accounts receivable are mainly amounts due from brokers, collectable in cash within one year and divestment proceeds
    receivable.

    The carrying amount of debtors, deposits, prepayments and others approximated to their fair value as at 31 December
    2023 and 31 December 2022.

    Their recoverability was assessed with reference to the credit status of the debtors, and impairment allowance of
    HK$517,284,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: HK$157,594,000).

    The movements in the impairment allowance for debtors, deposits, prepayments and others are as follows:

                                                          Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3              Total
                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000

     As at 1 January 2022                                        –                –           84,723            84,723
     Other changes (including new assets
       and derecognised assets)                              1,790            1,634           69,447            72,871

     As at 31 December 2022
       and 1 January 2023                                    1,790            1,634          154,170           157,594
     Other changes (including new assets and
       derecognised assets)                                 (1,790)         28,724           333,311           360,245
     Exchange difference                                         –              (5)             (550)             (555)

     As at 31 December 2023                                      –          30,353           486,931           517,284




                                                                                                                           149
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      23. TRADING SECURITIES
                                                          2023         2022
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000

           Current assets
           At fair value:
             Listed equity securities
                — in Hong Kong                          84,316      226,434
                — outside Hong Kong                      2,970      205,023

             Listed debt securities
               — in Hong Kong                         1,029,391      900,612
               — outside Hong Kong                    1,688,699    2,589,566

             Unlisted debt securities                   89,910      137,290

             Derivatives
               — listed                                      –          330
              — unlisted                                21,162       38,887

                                                      2,916,448    4,098,142

           Current liabilities
           At fair value:
             Listed equity securities
                — in Hong Kong                          (87,561)    (247,271)
                — outside Hong Kong                    (117,580)      (67,638)

             Listed debt securities
               — in Hong Kong                                 –     (133,934)
               — outside Hong Kong                            –      (42,088)

             Listed funds                                (4,421)      (4,729)

             Derivatives
              — listed                                      (22)        (127)
              — unlisted                                (27,916)     (36,284)

                                                       (237,500)    (532,071)




150
                                                                                         CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023




24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS
                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000

     Cash on hand, savings and current accounts                                          8,354,387          7,098,486
     Fixed deposits with banks                                                           1,233,691          1,137,046

     Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of
       financial position                                                                9,588,078          8,235,532
     Less: Restricted cash                                                                 (56,961)          (289,891)

     Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows               9,531,117          7,945,641
     Restricted deposits                                                                         –            664,102


    Restricted bank balances of HK$56,961,000 (31 December 2022: HK$45,598,000) were pledged to banks for sales of
    mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on borrowings.

    There were no restricted bank balances (31 December 2022: HK$244,293,000) pledged to bonds payable.

    There were no restricted deposits (31 December 2022: HK$664,102,000) pledged to a bank to secure a banking facility
    granted to the Group in relation to the litigation as disclosed in note 46.


25. CREDITORS, DEPOSITS RECEIVED AND ACCRUED CHARGES
                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000

     Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges                                    2,962,495          3,523,042




                                                                                                                          151
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      26. BANK LOANS
                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000

             Maturity details are as follows:
              Within 1 year                                                                      10,995,928          11,925,501
              1 to 2 years                                                                        5,701,040           1,657,847
              2 to 5 years                                                                        1,480,539           6,920,820
              Over 5 years                                                                          426,101             412,804

                                                                                                 18,603,608          20,916,972


           As at 31 December 2023, the bank loans were secured as follows:

                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000

             Bank loans:
               — secured                                                                          2,161,399           2,325,589
               — unsecured                                                                       16,442,209          18,591,383

                                                                                                 18,603,608          20,916,972


           As at 31 December 2023, the bank loans were secured by:

           (a)   Mortgage over certain investment properties with carrying value of approximately HK$4,542 million (31 December
                 2022: approximately HK$4,362 million);

           (b)   There were no mortgage over property, plant and equipment to secure certain bank loans (31 December 2022:
                 HK$23 million);

           (c)   Mortgage over certain inventories with carrying value totalling approximately HK$230 million (31 December 2022:
                 approximately HK$383 million); and

           (d)   The pledge of equity interests in subsidiaries with carrying value of approximately HK$1,475 million (31 December
                 2022: approximately HK$1,563 million).




152
                                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023




27. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                                       Note                  HK$’000                HK$’000

      Current:
      Financial liabilities to third party investors                                     (a)                 472,414                441,187

      Non-current:
      Financial liabilities to third party investors                                     (a)               6,768,868              6,407,464

    (a)    Financial liabilities to third party investors were incurred by the Group’s fund management business. The Group issues fund units to
           third party investors to raise funds through the establishment of investment funds. After the end of the exit period of the
           investment funds (or the period extended pursuant to the fund agreements and approved by the investors), the Group shall
           distribute the principal of the fund units and the return thereof to the investors pursuant to the fund agreements, provided that the
           distribution amount shall be determined in accordance with the fund’s performance. The Group does not guarantee the principal
           and return of third party investors’ interests in the investment funds.



28. BONDS PAYABLE
                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

      As at 1 January                                                                                     11,996,728             13,037,445
      New issuance and resale of bonds repurchased during the year                                         4,374,600               4,242,930
      Repayments and repurchase during the year                                                           (2,422,404)            (4,017,583)
      Exchange adjustment                                                                                   (155,424)             (1,266,064)

      As at 31 December                                                                                   13,793,500             11,996,728


                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

    Maturity details are as follows:
     Within 1 year                                                                                         6,069,140              2,481,148
     1 to 2 years                                                                                          3,310,440              6,157,140
     2 to 5 years                                                                                          4,413,920              3,358,440

                                                                                                          13,793,500             11,996,728


    As at 31 December 2023, the bonds payable were secured as follows:

                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

      Bonds payable:
        — secured                                                                                                  –                242,188
        — unsecured                                                                                       13,793,500             11,754,540

                                                                                                          13,793,500             11,996,728


    As at 31 December 2023, no restricted bank balances were used to secure certain bonds payable (31 December 2022:
    approximately HK$244,000,000).




                                                                                                                                                   153
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      29. DEFERRED TAXATION
           The movements in the deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:

                                                  Fair value adjustment
                                                    for financial assets
                                                   at fair value through         Withholding tax on
                                                     profit or loss and           subsidiaries’ and
                                                  investment properties           associates’ profit                   Total
                                                     2023           2022           2023           2022            2023            2022
                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

             At 1 January                        (1,709,621)    (2,940,885)      (422,265)      (434,228)     (2,131,886)   (3,375,113)
             Credited/(charged) to profit or
             loss                                   141,844      1,009,835        (52,426)        11,963          89,418       1,021,798
             Exchange adjustments                     5,175        221,429              –              –           5,175         221,429

             At 31 December                      (1,562,602)    (1,709,621)      (474,691)      (422,265)     (2,037,293)   (2,131,886)


           In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(s), the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets, in
           respect of tax losses of approximately HK$3,387 million (2022: approximately HK$3,371 million), as it is not probable that
           future taxable profits against which the tax losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant entities. The tax losses
           do not expire under current tax legislation except for those incurred by entities registered in the PRC where tax losses
           can be carried forward for 5 years from the year in which such losses are incurred.


      30. LEASE LIABILITIES
           The Group as a lessee
           The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                                           HK$’000              HK$’000

             As at 1 January                                                                                 64,967               92,375
             Additions                                                                                       15,156               17,097
             Disposal                                                                                       (18,254)                    –
             Interest expense                                                                                 3,284                 2,936
             Payments                                                                                       (38,562)             (43,096)
             Exchange adjustments                                                                            (2,725)               (4,345)

             As at 31 December                                                                              23,866               64,967

             Analysed into:
               Current portion                                                                              13,273               35,688
               Non-current portion                                                                          10,593               29,279




154
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




31. SHARE CAPITAL
(a)   Share capital
                                                                      2023                                 2022
                                                         No. of shares                        No. of shares
                                                                 (’000)          HK$’000              (’000)          HK$’000

       Ordinary shares issued and fully paid:
       At 1 January and at 31 December                       1,685,254          9,618,097         1,685,254          9,618,097


      The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
      per share at general meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual
      assets.

(b)   Capital management
      The Group’s primary objectives in capital management are maximising shareholders’ return, matching of business
      funding needs and maintaining the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management regularly, or as changes
      in circumstances warrant, reviews and manages the Group’s capital structure so as to maintain a proper balance amongst
      shareholders’ returns, leveraging and funding requirement.

      Adjusted net debt is defined as total debt, which includes interest-bearing loans and borrowings, notes payable and
      bonds payable, plus unaccrued proposed dividends less cash and cash equivalents.

      Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity, less unaccrued proposed dividends. In order to maintain or adjust
      the ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, raise new debt financing
      or sell assets to reduce debt.

      The adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 December 2023 and 2022 was as follows:

                                                                                                     2023                2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

       Current liabilities
         Bank loans                                                                            10,995,928           11,925,501
         Bonds payable                                                                          6,069,140            2,481,148

                                                                                               17,065,068           14,406,649
       Non-current liabilities
        Bank loans                                                                               7,607,680           8,991,471
        Bonds payable                                                                            7,724,360           9,515,580

       Total debt                                                                              32,397,108           32,913,700
       Add: Proposed dividend                                                                     168,525               252,788
       Less: Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows             (9,531,117)           (7,945,641)

       Adjusted net debt                                                                       23,034,516           25,220,847

       Total equity                                                                            34,105,786           37,877,101
       Less: Proposed dividend                                                                   (168,525)            (252,788)

       Adjusted capital                                                                        33,937,261           37,624,313

       Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                                             68%                 67%




                                                                                                                                    155
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      31. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)
      (b)   Capital management (continued)
            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s liquidity remained healthy. The addition of financial resources is mainly attributable
            to returns, through divestments and dividends, from investments. During the year, the Group has also made ongoing
            investments over advances to customers, trading securities and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. To
            enhance shareholders’ returns, the Group continues to seek new investment opportunities while maintaining a healthy
            capital structure.

            The Company is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject
            to regulatory imposed capital and liquid capital requirements (see also note 39(b)). These subsidiaries have complied with
            those requirements at all time during both the current and prior financial years.


      32. PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES
                                                                                    Principal        Distribution              Total
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000

             As at 1 January 2022                                                  2,325,540               15,621           2,341,161
             Profit attributable to holders of perpetual
               capital securities                                                           –              89,284              89,284
             Distribution to holders of perpetual
               capital securities                                                           –             (89,362)            (89,362)

             As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                             2,325,540               15,543           2,341,083
             Issuance of perpetual medium term notes                               2,184,880                    –           2,184,880
             Redemption of senior perpetual capital securities                    (2,325,540)                   –          (2,325,540)
             Profit attributable to holders of perpetual
               capital securities                                                           –              98,066              98,066
             Distribution to holders of perpetual
               capital securities                                                           –             (88,923)            (88,923)

             As at 31 December 2023                                                2,184,880               24,686           2,209,566


            In 2020, the Company issued senior perpetual capital securities with the principal amount of US$300,000,000 (equivalent
            to approximately HK$2,325,540,000). The distribution rate for the senior perpetual capital securities is 3.80% per annum
            3 years from the date of issuance (i.e., 27 October 2023), and subsequently the distribution rate will be reset in every 3
            calendar years. On 27 October 2023, the Company redeemed all of the outstanding senior perpetual capital securities of
            the principal amount of US$300,000,000. The distribution of senior perpetual capital securities is accrued in accordance
            with the distribution rate as set out in the subscription agreement, and such distribution shall be payable semi-annually in
            arrears on 27 April and 27 October of each year.

            In 2023, the Company issued perpetual medium term notes with the principal amount of RMB 2,000,000,000 (equivalent
            to approximately HK$2,184,880,000). The distribution rate for the perpetual medium term notes is 3.60% per annum 3
            years from the date of issuance (i.e., 8 September 2026), and subsequently the distribution rate will be reset in every 3
            calendar years. The distribution of perpetual medium term notes is accrued in accordance with the distribution rate as set
            out in the subscription agreement, and such distribution shall be payable annually in arrears on 11 September of each
            year.

            The senior perpetual capital securities and perpetual medium term notes have no maturity and the payments of
            distribution can be deferred into perpetuity at the discretion of the Company. The instruments could only be redeemed at
            the option of the Company. In substance, the senior perpetual capital securities and perpetual medium term notes were
            considered as perpetual capital securities.




156
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023




33. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                       31 December         31 December
                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                          Note             HK$’000             HK$’000

     Non-current assets
       Investments in subsidiaries                                          15             8,540,862          8,499,236
       Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                      13,844,180         15,457,474
       Investment in an associate                                                          1,497,149          1,497,149
       Investment in a joint venture                                                           1,143              1,143
       Equity investments designated at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                                         5,032,899          5,405,184

                                                                                          28,916,233         30,860,186

     Current assets
       Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                      20,303,466         20,767,371
       Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                                             336,871            392,493
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                             729,323            864,106

                                                                                          21,369,660         22,023,970

     Current liabilities
       Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                        (6,957,286)        (12,349,333)
       Bank loans                                                                         (6,020,000)          (5,643,762)
       Bonds payable                                                                      (6,069,140)          (2,238,960)
       Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges                                     (236,706)            (230,007)

                                                                                         (19,283,132)        (20,462,062)

     Net current assets                                                                    2,086,528          1,561,908

     Total assets less current liabilities                                                31,002,761         32,422,094

     Non-current liabilities
      Bank loans                                                                          (5,292,209)         (5,294,063)
      Bonds payable                                                                       (7,724,360)         (9,515,580)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                              (333,963)           (281,583)

                                                                                         (13,350,532)        (15,091,226)

     NET ASSETS                                                                           17,652,229         17,330,868

     CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                         31             9,618,097          9,618,097
      Reserves                                                              34             5,824,566          5,371,688
      Perpetual capital securities                                          32             2,209,566          2,341,083

     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                         17,652,229         17,330,868


    Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 22 March 2024 and signed on behalf of the Board by:




    Lin Chun                                                 Wang Yun
    Director                                                 Director



                                                                                                                             157
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      34. RESERVES
      (a)     The movements in the Company’s reserves during the year are as follows:

                                                                                         Investment
                                                                              Share      revaluation        Retained
                                                                             capital         reserve        earnings          Total
                                                              Note          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

               As at 1 January 2022                                        9,618,097       4,979,155       3,101,869      17,699,121

               Dividends paid                                   11                  –              –        (758,364)       (758,364)
               Loss for the year                                                    –              –        (969,812)       (969,812)
               Other comprehensive loss for the year                                –       (981,160)              –        (981,160)

               As at 31 December 2022 and
                 1 January 2023                                            9,618,097       3,997,995       1,373,693      14,989,785
               Dividends paid                                   11                 –               –        (505,576)       (505,576)
               Profit for the year                                                 –               –       1,352,296       1,352,296
               Redemption of Senior perpetual
                 capital securities                                                 –              –         (21,557)        (21,557)
               Other comprehensive loss for the year                                –       (372,285)              –        (372,285)

               As at 31 December 2023                                      9,618,097       3,625,710       2,198,856      15,442,663


      (b)     Nature and purpose of reserves
      (i)     Investment revaluation reserve
              The investment revaluation reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
              designated at fair value through other comprehensive income held at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in
              accordance with the accounting policies in note 2(f).


      (ii)    Exchange reserve
              The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
              of foreign operations as well as the effective portion of any foreign exchange differences arising from hedges of the net
              investments in these foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in
              note 2(y).


      (iii)   Goodwill reserve
              The goodwill reserve comprises goodwill on acquisitions that occurred prior to 1 January 2001. The reserve is dealt with
              in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 2(e).


      (iv)    Capital reserve
              The capital reserve comprises specific allocation of amounts transferred from retained earnings due to regulatory
              requirements. It also includes the share of statutory reserves of associates.


      (v)     Distributability of reserves
              As at 31 December 2023, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders of the
              Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), was
              HK$2,198,856,000 (2022: HK$1,373,693,000). After the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final
              dividend of HK$0.10 per share (2022: HK$0.15 per share), amounting to HK$168,525,000 (2022: HK$252,788,000) (note
              11). This dividend has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.



158
                                                                                                         CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023




35. MATURITY PROFILE
    The maturity profile of the Group’s certain financial instruments as at the end of the financial year, based on the
    contractual discounted payments, is as follows:

    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                        3 to
                                                                  Less than       less than                           Over
                                       Indefinite   On demand     3 months       12 months       1 to 5 years      5 years          Total
                                        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000

     Liabilities
       — Bank loans                            –             –    (1,139,468)     (9,856,460)     (7,181,579)      (426,101)   (18,603,608)
       — Other financial liabilities           –      (436,688)      (35,726)              –      (2,766,029)    (4,002,839)    (7,241,282)
       — Trading securities             (237,500)            –             –               –               –              –       (237,500)
       — Bonds payable                         –             –             –      (6,069,140)     (7,724,360)             –    (13,793,500)
       — Lease liabilities                     –             –        (3,312)         (9,961)        (10,593)             –        (23,866)

                                        (237,500)     (436,688)   (1,178,506)    (15,935,561)    (17,682,561)    (4,428,940)   (39,899,756)


    As at 31 December 2022

                                                                                        3 to
                                                                  Less than       less than                           Over
                                       Indefinite   On demand     3 months       12 months       1 to 5 years      5 years          Total
                                        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000

     Liabilities
       — Bank loans                            –             –    (1,097,598)    (10,827,903)     (8,578,667)      (412,804)   (20,916,972)
       — Other financial liabilities           –      (136,623)      (63,038)       (241,526)     (1,443,359)    (4,964,105)     (6,848,651)
       — Trading securities             (356,049)            –      (176,022)               –               –             –        (532,071)
       — Bonds payable                         –             –              –     (2,481,148)     (9,515,580)             –    (11,996,728)
       — Lease liabilities                     –             –         (8,554)        (27,134)        (29,279)            –         (64,967)

                                        (356,049)     (136,623)   (1,345,212)    (13,577,711)    (19,566,885)    (5,376,909)   (40,359,389)




                                                                                                                                               159
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)   Except as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following transactions were
            entered with related parties during the year:

                                                                                                                      2023                   2022
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000

            Management fee income from:
              — a joint venture                                                                                          678                    647
              — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
                recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                  80,353                 91,497
            Consultancy and other service income from an associate*                                                     428                    831
            Bank interest income from a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                       33,434                 50,355
            Dividend income from:
              — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
                recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                 280,847             1,255,199
              — a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                                            330,656               372,497
            Bank loans interest expense to a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                 196,899                89,511
            Consultancy fee to an associate and a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank*                            11,377                14,733
            Custodian services fee to a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank*                                         221                   706
            Remuneration of key management personnel
              (including the Company’s directors):
              — short-term employee benefits                                                                           7,996                15,272
              — retirement scheme contributions                                                                          274                   298

            *     These related party transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Rules 14A of the Listing Rules.




160
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




36. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(b)   Except as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, included in the consolidated statement
      of financial position are the following balances with related parties:

                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

       Amounts due from associates and a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank
         (included in debtors, deposits, prepayments and others)                                   152,881              81,852
       Bank deposits with a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank
         (including bank deposit in trust accounts)                                               2,449,018          2,773,125
       Advances to:
         — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
           recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   2,246,484           2,422,940
         — an associate                                                                          1,048,306             603,400
       Bank loans from a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                 (3,490,000)         (3,260,438)
       Interests in collective investment schemes issued by a joint venture
         (included in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss)                      1,468,987          3,384,805


      Amounts due from associates arising in the ordinary course of the securities trading business are unsecured, interest-
      bearing and repayable on demand.

      Bank deposits and loans with a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank arising from the ordinary course of business for
      corporate financing. The bank deposits earn interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The loans are
      unsecured, interest-bearing, and have a maturity within 1 year.

      All advances to associates arising in the ordinary course of the money lending business are interest-bearing and certain of
      them are secured and unsecured respectively.

      Interests in collective investment schemes are issued on market terms by a joint venture.


(c)   Transactions with other PRC state-owned entities
      The Group operates in an economic regime currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned by the PRC
      government through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (“State-owned Entities”).
      Transactions with other State-owned Entities include, but are not limited to: lending and deposit taking; insurance and
      redemption of bonds issued by other State-owned Entities; purchase, sale and leases of properties and other assets; and
      rendering and receiving of utilities and other services. Among the above, transactions on lending and deposit taking,
      leases of properties and receiving utilities are continuous throughout the year and were conducted in the ordinary course
      of business, while the remaining types of transactions happened occasionally.

      The Group is of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions that require separate
      disclosures.


(d)   Certain related party transactions above constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
      defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in
      the Directors’ Report.




                                                                                                                                    161
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (e)   Loan to a Director
            Loan to a director, disclosed pursuant to section 383(1)(d) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 3 of the
            Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

             Name of Director                                                                                  Wang Hongyang
                                                                                                                     HK$’000

             Term of the loan
               — Loan amount                                                                                                6,000
               — Duration and repayment terms                                    Five (5) calendar years after the drawdown date
                                                                                            and subject to repayment on demand
               — Interest rate                                                Average amount of the actual external funding cost
                                                                             of commercial bank debt of the Company which are
                                                                             reviewed and adjusted in every six months until the
                                                                                                                   repayment date
               — Security                                                                          Charge over securities account
             Balance of loan as at 31 December 2022                                                                         3,061
             Maximum amount outstanding during 2022                                                                         6,164


            Mr. Wang Hongyang resigned as an Executive Director with effect from 5 May 2023. Balance of the loan as at the date
            of his resignation is HK$nil as the loan had been repaid during the year. The maximum amount outstanding during 2023
            amounted to HK$3,063,000. No provision has been made on the balance during the year. Saved as disclosed above,
            there were no loans to directors as at 31 December 2023.


      37. COMMITMENTS
      (a)   Capital commitments
            As at 31 December 2023, the Group had capital commitments as follows:

                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000

             Contracted but not provided for:
               — consolidated structured entities                                                  4,868,718           4,762,750
               — unconsolidated structured entities                                                5,520,919           5,449,397
               — unlisted equity investments                                                         179,253             324,756

                                                                                                 10,568,890          10,536,903


            The above amounts included capital commitments to consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities as disclosed in
            note 15 and note 38 to the financial statements respectively.




162
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




37. COMMITMENTS (continued)
(b)   As at 31 December 2023, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in the future periods under non-
      cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                                     2023                2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

       Within 1 year                                                                               183,231             181,900
       After 1 year but within 2 years                                                             163,696             148,273
       After 2 years but within 3 years                                                            150,809             134,196
       After 3 years but within 4 years                                                            105,060             116,991
       After 4 years but within 5 years                                                             77,183              75,039
       After 5 years                                                                               257,732             249,968

                                                                                                   937,711             906,367


(c)   Off-balance sheet exposure
      The fair values and the contractual or notional amounts of the Group’s trading derivatives outstanding at 31 December
      2023 are detailed as follows:

                                                                  Fair value                          Contractual/
                                                               assets/(liabilities)                 notional amounts
                                                                2023               2022               2023              2022
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000

       Assets derivative contracts                              21,162                 39,217       325,369            619,248
       Liabilities derivative contracts                        (27,938)               (36,411)    2,241,356          2,464,207


      The financial instruments become favourable (assets) or unfavourable (liabilities) as a result of fluctuations in market
      prices of the underlying instruments relative to their terms.

      Notional amounts of these financial instruments provide a basis for comparison with instruments recognised on the
      consolidated statement of financial position but do not necessarily indicate the amount of future cash flows involved or
      the current fair value of the instruments and, therefore, are not a representation of the Group’s exposure to the credit or
      price risks.




                                                                                                                                    163
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      38. INVOLVEMENT WITH UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES
           The table below describes the types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but in which it holds an
           interest.

             Type of structured entity           Nature and purpose                             Interest held by the Group

             Investment funds                    To generate fees from managing assets          •    Management fees
                                                   on behalf of third party investors and       •    Investments held in the form
                                                   to make investment returns from                     of limited partnership
                                                   co-investing in the funds                           interest of the funds

             Collective investment schemes       These vehicles are financed through the        •    Investments in units issued
                                                   issue of units to investors                         by the structured entity

           As at 31 December 2023, the carrying value of interests held by the Group in unconsolidated structured entities
           amounted to HK$18,742,839,000 (2022: HK$21,559,069,000), which were recognised in financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss in the consolidated statement of financial position.

           As at 31 December 2023, the carrying values of interests held by the Group in unconsolidated structured entities
           managed by the Group and not managed by the Group were HK$5,187,996,000 (2022: HK$6,067,597,000) and
           HK$13,554,843,000 (2022: HK$15,491,472,000) respectively.

           The maximum exposure to loss is the carrying value of the assets held.

           Other than the invested and committed capital, the Group has no intention to provide financial or other support to the
           structured entities.


      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Risk management is of fundamental importance to the business operation of the Group. The major types of risk inherent
           in the Group’s business are credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, currency risk and equity price risk. The Group’s risk
           management objectives are to maximise shareholders’ value and to reduce volatility in earnings while maintaining risk
           exposures within acceptable limits.

           The Group’s work in the area of risk management is executed by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
           Department and is led by the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
           Department. This functional structure can assess, identify and document the Group’s risk profile to ensure that the
           business units focus, control and systematically avoid potential risks in various business areas. The following is a brief
           description of the Group’s approach in managing these risks.




164
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(a)   Credit risk
      The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to advances to customers, accounts receivable, debt investments and
      unlisted derivative financial instruments.


      Credit risk management framework
      The Group has formulated a comprehensive set of credit risk management policies and procedures, and appropriate
      credit risk limits to manage and control credit risk that may arise. These policies, procedures and credit risk limits are
      regularly reviewed and updated to cope with the changes in market conditions and business strategies.

      The Group’s organisational structure establishes a clear set of authority and responsibility for monitoring compliance with
      policies, procedures and limits.

      The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance who reports directly to the Audit
      and Risk Management Committee, takes charge of credit risk management and is also responsible for the control of
      credit risk exposures of the Group in line with the credit risk management principles and requirements set by the Group.

      Credit risk management is embedded within all business units of the Group. The first line of defense against undesirable
      outcomes is the business function and the respective line managers. Department heads of their own business areas take
      the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate credit risk controls. Risk Management, Legal and
      Compliance Department, which is independent from the business units, is responsible for the management of credit
      risks and it is an ongoing process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling credit risk to ensure effective
      checks and balances, as well as drafting, reviewing and updating credit risk management policies and procedures. It is
      also responsible for the design, development and maintenance of the Group’s internal rating system and it ensures that
      the system complies with the relevant regulatory requirements. Credit risk is approved by the Vice President of the
      Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and reported to Audit and Risk Management
      Committee quarterly.

      For advances to customers, the Group requires collateral from customers before advances are granted. The amount of
      advances permitted depends on the quality and value of collateral provided by the customer. Any subsequent change in
      value as well as quality of collateral is closely monitored in order to determine whether any corrective action is required.

      Accounts receivable mainly arise from the Group’s investment activities. Receivables from brokers and counterparties
      are normally repayable on demand. The Group has established procedures in the selection of brokers/counterparties with
      sound credit ratings and/or reputation.

      Investments in debt instruments and unlisted derivative financial instruments are also governed by whether the issuers
      and the trade counterparties respectively have sound credit ratings.

      The Group has well-defined policies in place on the setting and approval of trading, credit and investment position limits
      in order to manage its credit risk exposure and concentration. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not
      have a significant concentration of credit risk.




                                                                                                                                     165
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (continued)
            Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) Methodology
            The Group’s policy requires the review of individual outstanding amounts at least quarterly or more regularly depending
            on individual circumstances or market conditions.

            The Group has adopted HKFRS 9, where the impairment requirements under HKFRS 9 are based on an ECL model. The
            Group applies the general approach for impairment of financial assets except for impairment of part of the accounts
            receivable (included in debtors and deposits), to which the simplified approach was applied. Under the simplified
            approach, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. Under the general approach,
            financial assets migrate through the following three stages based on the change in credit risk since initial recognition:
            Stage 1: 12-month ECL, Stage 2: Lifetime ECL — not credit-impaired and Stage 3: Lifetime ECL — credit-impaired.

            When determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group incorporates
            both quantitative and qualitative assessment such as number of days past due, the Group’s historical experience, and
            market benchmark. When estimating the ECL on term loans to customers, the Group has incorporated forward-looking
            economic information through the use of industry trend and experienced credit judgement to reflect the qualitative
            factors, and through the use of probability-weighted scenarios. The measurement of ECL is the product of the financial
            instrument’s probability of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure at default (“EAD”) discounted at the
            effective interest rate to the reporting date. As at 31 December 2023, ECL of unsecured financial assets is measured
            based on PD at a range of 31.55% to 100% (31 December 2022: 0.15% to 100%) and LGD at a range of 10% to 88% (31
            December 2022: 10% to 88%).

            ECL is measured at an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
            outcomes, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information about past events, current conditions
            and forecasts of future economic conditions. The Group adopts three economic scenarios in the ECL measurement to
            meet the requirements of HKFRS 9. The “Base” scenario represents a most likely outcome and the other two scenarios,
            referred to as the “Best” scenario and “Worse” scenario, represent less likely outcomes which are more optimistic or
            more pessimistic compared to the “Base” scenario.

            The probability assigned for each scenario reflects the Group’s view for the economic environment, which implements
            the Group’s prudent and consistent credit strategy of ensuring the adequacy of impairment allowance. A higher
            probability is assigned to the “Base” scenario to reflect the most likely outcome and a lower probability is assigned to
            the “Best” and “Worse” scenarios to reflect the less likely outcomes. The probabilities assigned are updated in each
            quarter.

            Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for approving ECL methodology. Risk Management, Legal and
            Compliance Department is responsible for the implementation and maintenance of ECL methodology including models
            review and parameters update on a regular basis. If there is any change in ECL methodology, the Group will go through a
            proper approval process.

            The maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held is represented by the carrying
            amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, at the end of the reporting period, deducting
            any impairment allowance.




166
                                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(a)   Credit risk (continued)
      Maximum exposure and year-end staging
      The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy,
      which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and
      year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2023. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial
      assets.

      As at 31 December 2023

                                                                  12-month
                                                                    ECLs                         Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                   Simplified
                                                                    Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3        approach
                                                     Note           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000

          Advances to customers                        20               5,854      1,697,398        2,333,606                  –     4,036,858
          Debtors and deposits
            — Normal*                                                566,027               –                –          832,251       1,398,278
            — Doubtful*                                                    –         151,215          852,291                –       1,003,506
          Cash and cash equivalents
            — Not yet past due                         24          9,588,078                 –              –                  –     9,588,078
          Finance lease receivables                                        –                 –         62,317                  –        62,317

                                                                 10,159,959        1,848,613        3,248,214          832,251      16,089,037


      As at 31 December 2022

                                                                  12-month
                                                                    ECLs                         Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                   Simplified
                                                                    Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3        approach
                                                     Note           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000

          Advances to customers                        20          1,924,142           21,484       1,919,923                  –     3,865,549
          Debtors and deposits
            — Normal*                                              1,181,839                –               –          746,357       1,928,196
            — Doubtful*                                                    –            5,683         154,194                –         159,877
          Cash and cash equivalents
            — Not yet past due                         24          8,235,532                 –              –                  –     8,235,532
          Finance lease receivables                                        –                 –         58,824                  –        58,824

                                                                 11,341,513            27,167       2,132,941          746,357      14,247,978


      The Group applies the general approach for impairment of financial assets except for impairment of accounts receivable
      (included in debtors and deposits), to which the simplified approach was applied.

      *       The credit quality of the financial assets included in debtors and deposits is considered to be “normal” when they are not past due
              and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
              Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




                                                                                                                                                      167
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (b)   Liquidity risk
            The Group’s policy is to regularly assess current and expected liquidity requirements and to ensure that it maintains
            reserves of cash, readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
            institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

            For subsidiaries with statutory liquidity requirements, the Group closely monitors their liquidity positions. To ensure strict
            compliance, the Group maintains adequate cash reserves to prepare for immediate fund injection if required. If there is a
            medium to long-term operational need, management would also consider adjusting those subsidiaries’ capital structure.
            Subsidiaries with external equity stakeholders are generally responsible for their own liquidity management.

            The following table details the remaining contractual maturities on the reporting date of the Group’s financial liabilities
            which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates
            or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to
            pay:

                                                                        2023                                                   2022
                                                                     Total                                                 Total
                                                               contractual     Within                                contractual      Within
                                                 Carrying    undiscounted    1 year or   More than     Carrying    undiscounted     1 year or   More than
                                                  amount        cash flows on demand        1 year      amount        cash flows on demand         1 year
                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                   2,962,495      2,962,495    2,962,495           —     3,523,042      3,523,042     3,523,042            –
             Bank loans                         18,603,608     20,010,435   11,898,621    8,111,814   20,916,972     22,839,215    12,647,722   10,191,493
             Bonds payable                      13,793,500     14,593,413    6,510,753    8,082,660   11,996,728     12,649,723     2,879,534    9,770,189
             Trading securities                    237,500        237,500      237,500           —       532,071        532,071       532,071            –
             Other financial liabilities         7,241,282      7,241,282      472,414    6,768,868    6,848,651      6,848,651       441,187    6,407,464
             Lease liabilities                      23,866         24,702       13,978       10,724       64,967         67,721        37,631       30,090

                                                42,862,251     45,069,827   22,095,761   22,974,066   43,882,431     46,460,423    20,061,187   26,399,236


      (c)   Interest rate risk
            The Group monitors its interest rate exposure regularly to ensure that the underlying risk is monitored within an
            acceptable range.

            The Group’s interest rate positions arise from treasury and operating activities. Interest rate risk arises from treasury
            management, customer financing and investment portfolios. Interest rate risk primarily results from the timing
            differences in the repricing of interest-bearing assets, liabilities and commitments. Interest rate risk is managed by the
            Finance and Accounting Department under the delegated authority of the Board and is monitored by the Risk
            Management, Legal and Compliance Department. The instruments used to manage interest rate risk include time
            deposits and interest rate linked derivatives, if necessary.

            The Group is exposed to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of its financial instruments will fluctuate as a
            result of changes in market interest rates. In respect of the Group’s interest-bearing financial instruments, the Group’s
            policy is to mainly transact in financial instruments that mature or reprice in the short to medium term. Accordingly, the
            Group would be subject to limited exposure to fair value or cash flow interest rate risk due to fluctuations in the prevailing
            levels of market interest rates.




168
                                                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(c)   Interest rate risk (continued)
      In respect of interest-bearing financial assets and financial liabilities at variable interest rates, the following table indicates
      their effective interest rates at the end of the reporting period. It is estimated that as at 31 December 2023, a general
      increase/decrease of 0.5% in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have increased/decreased the
      Group’s loss before tax, by HK$43,121,038/HK$73,126,317 (2022: increase/decrease of the Group’s loss before tax by
      HK$81,696,758/HK$76,590,215 for increase/decrease of 0.5% in the interest rate).

      The above increase or decrease in the interest rate represents management’s assessment of a reasonable change in
      interest rates over the period until the end of the next reporting period. It is also assumed that all other variables remain
      constant. The analysis was performed on the same basis for 2022.

                                                                          2023                                   2022
                                                                  Effective                              Effective
                                                              interest rate           HK$’000        interest rate           HK$’000

       Assets
       Advances to customers                                          9.8%          3,736,862                9.6%           3,565,553
       Cash and cash equivalents                                      0.3%          9,588,078                0.6%           8,235,532

       Total interest-bearing assets                                               13,324,940                              11,801,085

       Liabilities
       Bank loans                                                    5.64%         18,603,608               5.40%          20,916,972

       Total interest-bearing liabilities                                          18,603,608                              20,916,972


(d)   Currency risk
      The Group’s exposure to currency risk primarily stems from holding of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
      foreign currencies, other than Hong Kong dollars and net investment in foreign operations. As most of the Group’s
      monetary assets and liabilities and net investment in foreign operations are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi,
      United States dollars and Singapore dollars, management is aware of the likely increase in volatility in these currencies
      and takes a balanced view when considering the management of currency risk.

      Overall, the Group monitors its currency exposure closely and would consider hedging significant currency exposure
      should the need arise.




                                                                                                                                            169
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (d)   Currency risk (continued)
            As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s exposure to currency risk arising from recognised assets and liabilities
            denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate is shown in the table
            below:

                                                                        2023                                           2022
                                                           In USD        In RMB           In SGD         In USD         In RMB           In SGD
                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000

             Equity investments designated at
               fair value through other
               comprehensive income                              –     5,032,899               –               –     5,405,184                –
             Financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss                           3,082,876      5,313,743               –      6,779,599      2,388,442                –
             Advances to customers                        404,882              –               –        492,651              –                –
             Amounts due from subsidiaries                      –     12,495,417               –              –     13,975,175                –
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                  427,377         18,954         12,655         263,128          19,242          3,333
             Trading securities                              2,970              –              –          13,823         185,281              –
             Cash and cash equivalents                     693,920      1,365,934          5,645         940,057         410,954         16,876
             Bank loans                                 (2,161,653)             –              –      (2,437,500)     (1,544,882)             –
             Bonds payable                                       –    (13,793,500)             –        (242,188)   (11,754,540)              –
             Other financial liabilities                  (924,714)      (381,229)             –        (498,579)       (325,796)             –
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                            (340,207)     (247,355)              –        (328,836)      (217,993)              –

             Net exposure arising from recognised
              assets and liabilities                    1,185,451      9,804,863          18,300      4,982,155      8,541,067           20,209


            An analysis of the estimated material change in the Group’s loss before tax and other components of consolidated equity
            in response to reasonably possible changes in the Renminbi’s exchange rate to which the Group has significant exposure
            at the end of the reporting period is presented in the following table.

                                                                        2023                                           2022
                                                                                        Effect on                                      Effect on
                                                          Increase/     Effect on           other       Increase/     Effect on            other
                                                        (decrease)           loss    components       (decrease)           loss     components
                                                      in exchange      before tax       of equity   in exchange      before tax        of equity
                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000                       HK$’000          HK$’000

             Renminbi, RMB                                     1%        47,720          50,329              1%         31,359          54,052
                                                              (1%)      (47,720)        (50,329)            (1%)       (31,359)        (54,052)


            The above analysis assumes the change in the Renminbi’s exchange rate had occurred at the end of the reporting period
            and had been applied to each of the Group entities’ exposure to currency risk in existence at that date while all other
            variables remain constant. The stated changes also represent management’s assessment of reasonably possible changes
            in exchange rates until the end of the next reporting period. The analysis excludes differences that would result from the
            translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The Hong Kong dollar
            is pegged to the United States dollar and it is assumed that this situation will stay materially unaffected by any fluctuation
            of the United States dollar against other currencies. The analysis was performed on the same basis for 2022.




170
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(e)   Equity price risk
      The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments classified as trading securities (note 23),
      equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 18) and financial assets at fair
      value through profit or loss (note 19). Other than unlisted securities held for medium to long-term purposes, all of these
      investments are listed.

      The Group’s investments in listed equity instruments are mainly listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange. Decisions to buy
      or sell trading securities rest with assigned investment team professionals and each investment portfolio is governed by
      specific investment and risk management guidelines. Independent daily monitoring of each portfolio against the
      corresponding guidelines is carried out by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. Listed equity
      instruments held in the equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss portfolio have been chosen based on their medium to long-term growth potential
      and are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

      The performance of the Group’s investments in unquoted equity instruments is assessed periodically, based on the
      information available to the Group.

      The following table shows the approximate changes in the Group’s loss before tax (and retained earnings) in response to
      reasonable change in the value of the relevant listed and unlisted equity investments. The analysis was performed on the
      same basis for 2022:

                                                            2023                                         2022
                                                                            Effect on                                    Effect on
                                               Increase/    Effect on           other       Increase/    Effect on           other
                                             (decrease)          loss    components       (decrease)          loss    components
                                           in exchange     before tax       of equity   in exchange     before tax       of equity
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000                      HK$’000         HK$’000

       Listed equity investments                   10%       186,947         503,290            10%       144,355          540,518
                                                  (10%)     (186,947)       (503,290)          (10%)     (144,355)        (540,518)

       Unlisted equity investments                  5%      1,150,120              –             5%      1,334,656               –
                                                   (5%)    (1,150,120)             –            (5%)    (1,334,656)              –




                                                                                                                                      171
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (f)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
            Financial assets subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements

                                                                        Gross amounts of
                                                                                recognised        Net amounts of               Related
                                                                        financial liabilities     financial assets        amounts not
                                                                                  set off in         presented in             set off in
                                                Gross amounts of          the consolidated       the consolidated     the consolidated
                                                      recognised              statement of           statement of         statement of          Net
             Financial assets                     financial assets       financial position     financial position   financial position     amount
                                                         HK$’000                   HK$’000                HK$’000              HK$’000      HK$’000

             As at 31 December 2023
             Trading securities                           2,370,202                        –            2,370,202             (199,226)    2,170,976
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                    17,394                        –               17,394                     –      17,394

             As at 31 December 2022
             Trading securities                           2,823,631                        –            2,823,631             (239,942)    2,583,689
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                    14,897                        –               14,897                     –      14,897


            Financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements

                                                                        Gross amounts of
                                                                               recognised     Net amounts of                   Related
                                                                          financial assets financial liabilities          amounts not
                                                                                 set off in      presented in                 set off in
                                                Gross amounts of         the consolidated    the consolidated         the consolidated
                                                       recognised            statement of        statement of             statement of          Net
             Financial liabilities              financial liabilities   financial position financial position        financial position     amount
                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000             HK$’000                  HK$’000      HK$’000

             As at 31 December 2023
             Trading securities                             237,500                        –             237,500              (199,226)      38,274
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                              911,247                        –             911,247                      –     911,247

             As at 31 December 2022
             Trading securities                             361,339                        –             361,339              (239,942)     121,397
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                              995,755                        –             995,755                      –     995,755




172
                                                                                                          CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(f)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)
      Reconciliation to the net amount of financial assets and financial liabilities presented in the consolidated
      statement of financial position

                                                      Financial assets      Carrying amounts         Financial assets
                                                          in scope of      in the consolidated        not in scope of
                                                            offsetting            statement of              offsetting
       Financial assets                                   disclosures        financial position            disclosure          Note
                                                             HK$’000                   HK$’000               HK$’000

       As at 31 December 2023
       Trading securities                                    2,370,202               2,916,448                546,246            23
       Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                17,394               1,929,105              1,911,711            22

       As at 31 December 2022
       Trading securities                                    2,823,631               4,098,142              1,274,511            23
       Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                14,897               1,984,185              1,969,288            22


                                                   Financial liabilities    Carrying amounts      Financial liabilities
                                                          in scope of      in the consolidated        not in scope of
                                                            offsetting            statement of              offsetting
       Financial liabilities                              disclosures        financial position            disclosure          Note
                                                              HK$’000                  HK$’000               HK$’000

       As at 31 December 2023
       Trading securities                                      237,500                237,500                        –           23
       Creditors, deposits received and
         accrued charges                                       911,247               2,962,495              2,051,248            25

       As at 31 December 2022
       Trading securities                                      361,339                532,071                 170,732            23
       Creditors, deposits received and
         accrued charges                                       995,755               3,523,042              2,527,287            25




                                                                                                                                       173
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Fair value hierarchy
           The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting
           period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value
           Measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the
           observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

           •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                 for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

           •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and
                 not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

           •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

           The Group engages professional independent valuers to perform valuations of certain financial instruments, including
           financial assets at fair value through profit or loss categorised into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The professional
           valuer reports directly to the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and the
           Audit and Risk Management Committee. Valuation reports with analysis of changes in fair value measurement are
           prepared by the professional valuers at each interim and annual reporting date, and are reviewed and approved by the
           Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and the Audit and Risk Management
           Committee. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
           Management, Legal and Compliance and the Audit and Risk Management Committee is held twice a year to coincide
           with the reporting dates.

           In addition to the above valuers, the Group also makes reference to the valuation reports performed by other professional
           valuers to ascertain the fair values of certain investments with underlying interests in real estate investments and some
           other private equity investments.




174
                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
    As at 31 December 2023

                                                     Level 1      Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000

     Recurring fair value measurement
     Assets
     Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income:
       — Listed equity securities                  5,032,899            –             –      5,032,899

     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss:
       — Listed equity securities                  1,259,263            –       732,484      1,991,747
       — Unlisted equity securities/collective
        investment schemes                                 –            –    23,002,403     23,002,403
       — Unlisted preference shares                        –            –     5,361,456      5,361,456
       — Unlisted debt securities                          –            –       456,435        456,435

                                                   1,259,263            –    29,552,778     30,812,041

     Trading securities:
       — Listed equity securities                    87,286             –             –         87,286
       — Listed debt securities                           –     2,718,090             –      2,718,090
       — Unlisted debt securities                         –        89,910             –         89,910
       — Unlisted derivatives                             –        21,162             –         21,162

                                                     87,286     2,829,162             –      2,916,448

     Liabilities
     Trading securities:
       — Listed equity securities                   (205,141)           –             –       (205,141)
       — Listed funds                                 (4,421)           –             –         (4,421)
       — Listed derivatives                              (22)           –             –            (22)
       — Unlisted derivatives                              –      (27,916)            –        (27,916)

                                                    (209,584)     (27,916)            –       (237,500)




                                                                                                          175
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           Fair value hierarchy (continued)
           As at 31 December 2022

                                                                        Level 1           Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

             Recurring fair value measurement
             Assets
             Equity investments designated at fair value
               through other comprehensive income:
               — Listed equity securities                            5,405,184                   –                 –       5,405,184

             Financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss:
               — Listed equity securities                            1,013,060                   –         318,667         1,331,727
               — Unlisted equity securities/collective
                investment schemes                                             –                 –      26,693,119        26,693,119
               — Unlisted preference shares                                    –                 –       6,250,280         6,250,280
               — Unlisted debt securities                                      –                 –         799,778           799,778

                                                                     1,013,060                   –      34,061,844        35,074,904

             Trading securities:
               — Listed equity securities                              431,457                 –                   –         431,457
               — Listed debt securities                                      –         3,490,178                   –       3,490,178
               — Unlisted debt securities                                    –           137,290                   –         137,290
               — Listed derivatives                                        330                 –                   –             330
               — Unlisted derivatives                                        –            38,887                   –          38,887

                                                                       431,787         3,666,355                   –       4,098,142

             Liabilities
             Trading securities:
               — Listed equity securities                              (314,909)                 –                 –         (314,909)
               — Listed debt securities                                        –         (176,022)                 –         (176,022)
               — Listed funds                                             (4,729)                –                 –            (4,729)
               — Listed derivatives                                         (127)                –                 –              (127)
               — Unlisted derivatives                                          –           (36,284)                –           (36,284)

                                                                       (319,765)         (212,306)                 –         (532,071)


           All financial instruments including financial instruments measured at amortised cost, were stated at fair value or carried at
           amounts not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




176
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
    As at 31 December 2023, four of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with fair values of
    HK$348,668,000 was previously determined to be Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy using a valuation technique that
    used significant unobservable inputs. As unadjusted quoted prices are available in the active market, the fair value
    measurement of these equity securities were accordingly transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

    As at 31 December 2022, one of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with fair values of HK$41,056,000
    was previously determined to be Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy using a valuation technique that used significant
    unobservable inputs. As unadjusted quoted prices are available in the active market, the fair value measurement of these
    equity securities were accordingly transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

    Besides, as at 31 December 2022, one of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with fair values of
    HK$230,152,000 was previously determined to be Level 1 under the fair value hierarchy using unadjusted quoted prices
    available in the active market was suspended in trading during the year and has been valued using a valuation technique
    with significant unobservable inputs. As such, the fair value measurement of these equity securities were accordingly
    transferred from Level 1 to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

    During the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level
    1 and Level 2.


    Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements
    The fair value of listed and unlisted debt securities and derivatives in Level 2 is determined using broker quotes.


    Information about Level 3 fair value measurements
    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                                Increase/         Favourable/
                                                                                            (decrease) in      (unfavourable)
                                    Significant                                            unobservable             impact on
     Valuation techniques           unobservable inputs          Range                             inputs        profit or loss
                                                                                                                      HK$’000

     Market comparable              Discount for lack of         10% to 30%                            5%                 (22,189)
     companies                        marketability                                                   (5%)                 22,189
                                    Market multiples             0.8 to 30.6                           5%                  97,019
                                                                                                      (5%)                (97,019)

     Binomial model and             Volatility                   24.24% to 105.33%                     5%                  (2,268)
       equity allocation model                                                                        (5%)                  1,723

     Put option model               Discount for lack of         5.00% to 5.00%                        5%                  (1,928)
                                      marketability for                                               (5%)                  1,928
                                      restricted shares




                                                                                                                                     177
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
           As at 31 December 2022

                                                                                                       Increase/        Favourable/
                                                                                                   (decrease) in     (unfavourable)
                                           Significant                                            unobservable            impact on
             Valuation techniques          unobservable inputs          Range                             inputs       profit or loss
                                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Market comparable             Discount for lack of         10% to 30%                           5%              (42,793)
              companies                      marketability                                                  (5%)              42,793
                                           Market multiples             0.7 to 31.2                          5%              161,597
                                                                                                            (5%)            (161,597)

             Binomial model and            Volatility                   28.54% to 94.60%                     5%                1,176
               equity allocation model                                                                      (5%)              (1,116)

             Put option model              Discount for lack of         5.17% to 8.80%                       5%                 (881)
                                             marketability for                                              (5%)                 881
                                             restricted shares


           Other than using the recent transaction approach as the valuation technique in determining the fair value of Level 3
           financial instruments, the valuation techniques in estimating the fair value of other financial instruments are described as
           follows:

           The fair value of unquoted equity investments is estimated using an appropriate combination of:

           (1)   making reference to capital statements, management information and valuation reports provided by third parties;

           (2)   deducing from prices recently paid for similar assets, quoted market prices in active markets and the financial
                 indicators of the transacted assets such as net book value and net operating profit; and

           (3)   applying, if possible, price to earnings (“P/E”) ratios, price to book (“P/B”) ratios, enterprise value to earnings
                 before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EV/EBITDA”) ratios and enterprise value to sales (“EV/
                 Sales”) ratios for similar listed companies adjusted to reflect the specific circumstances of the investments.

           The Group has certain shares listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and Nasdaq, which are subject to restriction on
           sales for defined periods. The fair value measurement reflected the effect of such restriction with an adjustment to the
           quoted price of otherwise similar but unrestricted securities and the adjustment was referenced to put option models.

           The fair values of preference shares and debt securities are estimated using the equity allocation model and discounted
           future cash flows respectively. Future cash flows are estimated based on management’s best estimate of the amount it
           would receive or pay to terminate the contract at the end of the reporting period taking into account current market
           conditions. The discount rate used is a market rate for a similar instrument at the end of the reporting period. The fair
           value of an option contract is determined by applying an option valuation model such as the Black-Scholes valuation
           model. Inputs are based on market related data at the end of the reporting period.




178
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
    The movements during the year in the balance of these Level 3 financial instruments are as follows:

                                                    Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                  Unlisted
                                                                    equity
                                                                securities/      Unlisted
                                                    Listed       collective    convertible        Unlisted
                                                    equity     investment      preference             debt
                                                 securities       schemes          shares        securities        Total
                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000


     At 1 January 2022                             132,910      37,705,211       8,309,392       1,537,058     47,684,571
     Purchased                                           –         553,494         139,263               –        692,757
     Net unrealised gains or loss
       recognised in profit or loss               (265,508)     (5,787,778)     (1,926,925)       (262,080)    (8,242,291)
     Exchange adjustments                           (11,001)    (2,045,038)       (490,518)         (31,083)   (2,577,640)
     Disposals                                      (42,641)    (3,496,158)              –        (145,850)    (3,684,649)
     Reclassification                              504,907        (236,612)        219,068        (298,267)       189,096

     At 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023                              318,667      26,693,119       6,250,280        799,778      34,061,844
     Purchased                                           –         292,336          22,070              –         314,406
     Net unrealised gains or loss
       recognised in profit or loss               (156,485)     (1,133,025)       (757,476)       (128,450)    (2,175,436)
     Exchange adjustments                          (12,890)       (273,197)        (63,852)         (4,893)      (354,832)
     Disposals                                           –      (1,644,970)        (89,566)       (210,000)    (1,944,536)
     Reclassification                              583,192        (931,860)              –               –       (348,668)

     At 31 December 2023                           732,484      23,002,403       5,361,456        456,435      29,552,778




                                                                                                                             179
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)   Reconciliation of loss before taxation to net cash flows from operating activities:

                                                                                             2023           2022
                                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000

             Loss before taxation                                                        (1,685,890)   (8,623,742)
               Interest income on bank deposits                                            (172,695)       (97,779)
               Interest expenses                                                          1,643,691     1,109,315
               Dividend income                                                             (330,656)     (372,497)
               Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                               (25,183)       (17,123)
               Share of profits less losses of associates                                  (230,823)     (616,886)
               Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                        55,000         66,597
               Realised gain on partial disposal of an associate                                  –        (14,306)
               Realised loss on partial disposal of an joint venture                            171               –
               Net (gain)/loss on revaluation of investment properties                     (760,263)        92,839
               Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                (90)            (99)
               Written back of impairment loss on inventory                                (179,704)              –
               Impairment loss of investment in associates                                   64,151     1,128,501
               Impairment loss on advances to customers                                     367,759       263,930
               Impairment loss on finance lease receivables                                   3,687         24,040
               Impairment loss of inventories                                                     –       606,747
               Impairment loss of debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                 360,245         72,871
               Impairment loss of property, plant and equipment                                   –         14,553

             Cash outflow before working capital changes                                  (890,600)    (6,363,039)
               Increase in finance lease receivables                                        (2,960)          (1,042)
               Increase in debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                      (305,165)      (239,913)
               Decrease in inventories                                                      34,179        165,581
               Decrease/(increase) in trading securities                                   887,123       (769,337)
               Increase in advances to customers                                          (215,047)      (328,344)
               Decrease in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         3,882,423     12,311,516
               Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities                          538,529       (650,918)
               (Decrease)/increase in creditors, deposits received and accrued charges    (575,222)       242,157
               Hong Kong profits tax refunded/(paid)                                         6,707         (66,874)
               Overseas profits tax paid                                                  (183,039)      (240,224)

             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                   3,176,928      4,059,563




180
                                                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023




41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
(b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                    Foreign
                                                     1 January           Net      exchange      Dividend              31 December
                                                          2023    cash flows     movement       declared      Other          2023
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000

       Bank loans                                    20,916,972   (2,290,491)       (22,873)           –          –     18,603,608
       Dividend payable                                       –     (505,576)             –      505,576          –              –
       Bonds payable                                 11,996,728    1,952,196       (155,424)           –          –     13,793,500
       Lease liabilities                                 64,967      (38,562)        (2,725)           –        186         23,866

       Total liabilities from financing activities   32,978,667     (882,433)      (181,022)     505,576       186      32,420,974


                                                                                    Foreign
                                                     1 January           Net      exchange      Dividend              31 December
                                                          2022    cash flows     movement       declared      Other          2022
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000

       Bank loans                                    21,866,356     (804,834)      (144,550)           –          –     20,916,972
       Notes payable                                     27,000       (27,000)             –           –          –              –
       Dividend payable                                       –     (758,364)              –     758,364          –              –
       Bonds payable                                 13,037,445      225,347     (1,266,064)           –          –     11,996,728
       Lease liabilities                                 92,375       (43,096)        (4,345)          –     20,033         64,967

       Total liabilities from financing activities   35,023,176   (1,407,947)    (1,414,959)     758,364     20,033     32,978,667




                                                                                                                                     181
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION
           The Group manages and conducts the majority of its business activities by business units. Operating segments are
           reported in a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s senior
           management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


           Fund Management Business
           Fund management business refers to the business that the Group raises funds from external investors and deploys the
           Group’s seed capital into specific clients, applies its professional knowledge and experience to make investment
           decisions on the capital according to laws, regulations and the fund’s prospectus, while seeking to maximise gains for
           investors. The fund management business is comprised of primary market investment, secondary market investment
           and Fund of Funds investment (“FoF”).

           •     Primary market investment: Investment in unlisted equity securities or equity derivatives with equity position for
                 participating in the ongoing management of these companies, and with an ultimate objective of capital gain on
                 investee’s equity listing or through other exit channels. Areas of investments include new economy, artificial
                 intelligence and advanced manufacturing, new energy, medical care and senior healthcare, overseas acquisition
                 and infrastructure, real estate, aircraft industry chain, consumer market, wealth management and others.

           •     Secondary market investment: Provides a diversified range of financial services, including asset management,
                 investment management and investment advisory activities. Products include absolute return funds, bond funds
                 and equity funds.

           •     Fund of Funds investment or “FoF”: FoF invested in both funds initiated and managed by the Group as well as
                 external funds with proven track records of performance and governance. FoF can provide one-stop solution that
                 offers liquidity and potential returns for mega-size institutions.


           Principal Investments Business
           The Group makes full use of its own capital to make the following three types of investments to promote the
           development of the fund management business and to optimise its income structure. They are:

           •     Key investee companies: Focusing on aircraft leasing, artificial intelligence of things (AIoT) and elderly care industry
                 platforms;

           •     Financial investments: Investing in equity, debts, structured products and other products; and

           •     Cornerstone investments: The Group’s stake in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities contributing
                 relative stable earnings and dividend income.




182
                                                                                                                                       CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023




42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(a)   Business segments
      For the year ended 31 December 2023:

                                                                   Fund Management Business                   Principal Investments Business
                                                               Primary      Secondary     Fund of             Key                                    Reportable
                                                                Market         Market       Funds         Investee        Financial Cornerstone       segments
                                                           Investments    Investments Investments       Companies      Investments Investments             total      Total
                                                               HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000

          Income from contract with customers                 455,972          26,588          75,211            –          234,257             –       792,028      792,028
          Income from investments                             689,927         169,906         193,228     (396,881)      (1,476,327)      330,656      (489,491)    (489,491)
          Income from other sources                               825           1,567               –            –        1,099,931             –     1,102,323    1,102,323

          Total income                                      1,146,724         198,061         268,439     (396,881)        (142,139)      330,656     1,404,860    1,404,860

          Segment operating results                           667,348          70,126         241,288     (528,002)        (887,986)      330,656      (106,570)    (106,570)
          Unallocated head office and
            corporate expenses*                                                                                                                                    (1,835,326)
          Share of profits less losses of associates         (638,126)               –             –       (12,616)             693       880,872       230,823       230,823
          Share of profits less losses of joint ventures       25,580                –            31             –             (428)            –        25,183        25,183

          Loss before taxation                                 54,802          70,126         241,319     (540,618)        (887,721)     1,211,528      149,436    (1,685,890)

          Less: Non-controlling interests                      (1,374)         (88,803)             –            –           27,873             –       (62,304)

          Segment results                                      53,428          (18,677)       241,319     (540,618)        (859,848)     1,211,528       87,132

          Other segment information:
          Interest income                                     234,020         139,379          41,852       51,025          193,400             –       659,676
          Impairment losses recognised in
            the statement of profit or loss                   335,389                –              –      131,121          329,332             –       795,842

      *          The unallocated head office and corporate expenses mainly included unallocated finance costs, employee expenses and other
                 operating expenses. The segment expenses and the unallocated head office and corporate expenses are measured on the same
                 basis as HKFRS.




                                                                                                                                                                                 183
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (a)   Business segments (continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2022:

                                                                         Fund Management Business                    Principal Investments Business
                                                                     Primary       Secondary     Fund of            Key                                     Reportable
                                                                      Market          Market       Funds        Investee         Financial Cornerstone       segments
                                                                 Investments     Investments Investments      Companies       Investments Investments             total       Total
                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

                Income from contract with customers                 557,262            54,146        25,096             –           206,571            –       843,075        843,075
                Income from investments                          (2,831,068)        (471,352)       378,989    (1,101,161)       (2,247,906)     386,803    (5,885,695)    (5,885,695)
                Income from other sources                                 –           (28,332)            –             –            (47,075)          –        (75,407)       (75,407)

                Total income                                     (2,273,806)        (445,538)       404,085    (1,101,161)       (2,088,410)     386,803    (5,118,027)    (5,118,027)

                Segment operating results                        (3,765,943)        (562,777)       376,265    (1,212,175)       (3,205,604)     386,803    (7,983,431)    (7,983,431)
                Unallocated head office and
                  corporate expenses*                                                                                                                                      (1,274,320)
                Share of profits less losses of associates          (52,534)                –             –       (11,128)           (7,678)     688,226       616,886        616,886
                Share of profits less losses of joint ventures       18,572                 –             –             –            (1,449)           –        17,123         17,123

                Loss before taxation                             (3,799,905)        (562,777)       376,265    (1,223,303)       (3,214,731)    1,075,029   (7,349,422)    (8,623,742)

                Less: Non-controlling interests                     131,535          45,348               –             –          169,417             –       346,300

                Segment results                                  (3,668,370)        (517,429)       376,265    (1,223,303)       (3,045,314)    1,075,029   (7,003,122)

                Other segment information :
                Interest income                                     195,950         116,862          58,485       24,489           167,936             –       563,722
                Impairment losses recognised in
                  the statement of profit or loss                 1,354,134                 –             –      111,014           645,494             –     2,110,642

            *          The unallocated head office and corporate expenses mainly included unallocated finance costs, employee expenses and other
                       operating expenses. The segment expenses and the unallocated head office and corporate expenses are measured on the same
                       basis as HKFRS.




184
                                                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023




42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(a)   Business segments (continued)
      Other Information
      As at 31 December 2023

                                                                   Fund Management Business                 Principal Investment Business
                                                               Primary       Secondary     Fund of          Key                                      Reportable
                                                                Market          Market       Funds      Investee        Financial Cornerstone         segments
                                                           Investments     Investments Investments    Companies      Investments Investments               total       Total
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000

       Segment assets                                      20,334,629        3,589,116    9,945,210    2,530,207       19,138,897     5,032,899      60,570,958    60,570,958
       Investments in associates                            1,850,277                –            –    2,217,162          482,638    13,159,636      17,709,713    17,709,713
       Investments in joint ventures                          927,296                –        5,668            –                –             –         932,964       932,964
       Unallocated head office and corporate assets                                                                                                                   374,287

       Total assets                                                                                                                                                79,587,922

       Segment liabilities                                  2,497,268        1,206,826    5,052,041            –        3,510,386                –   12,266,521    12,266,521
       Unallocated head office and corporate liabilities                                                                                                           30,595,730
       Provision for taxation                                                                                                                                         582,592
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                     2,037,293

       Total liabilities                                                                                                                                           45,482,136


      As at 31 December 2022

                                                                   Fund Management Business                 Principal Investments Business
                                                               Primary       Secondary     Fund of          Key                                      Reportable
                                                                Market          Market       Funds      Investee        Financial Cornerstone         segments
                                                           Investments     Investments Investments    Companies      Investments Investments               total       Total
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000

       Segment assets                                      19,397,815        5,224,606   10,111,206    3,210,177       21,767,112     5,451,519      65,162,435    65,162,435
       Investments in associates                            2,533,808                –            –    2,339,330          479,902    12,649,524      18,002,564    18,002,564
       Investments in joint ventures                          925,780                –            –            –              377             –         926,157       926,157
       Unallocated head office and corporate assets                                                                                                                   385,455

       Total assets                                                                                                                                                84,476,611

       Segment liabilities                                  2,508,991        1,704,811    4,820,577            –        4,152,105            6,717   13,193,201    13,193,201
       Unallocated head office and corporate liabilities                                                                                                           30,689,230
       Provision for taxation                                                                                                                                         585,193
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                     2,131,886

       Total liabilities                                                                                                                                           46,599,510




                                                                                                                                                                                185
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (b)   Geographical segments
            The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external
            customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment and investment properties, right-of-use assets, interests in
            associates and joint ventures (“Specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of customers is based on the
            location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the Specified non-current assets is based on
            the physical locations of the asset. For interests in associates and joint ventures, the geographical location is based on
            the locations of operations.

                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023               For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                    Hong Kong &        Mainland                      Hong Kong &         Mainland
                                                          Others          China           Total            Others           China          Total
                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

             Segment Revenue
             Income from contracts with customers        291,251           500,777        792,028         491,508           351,567        843,075
             Income from investments                     223,329          (712,820)      (489,491)       (401,788)       (5,483,907)    (5,885,695)
             Income from other sources                    (2,260)        1,104,583      1,102,323        (165,197)           89,790        (75,407)

                                                         512,320           892,540      1,404,860         (75,477)       (5,042,550)    (5,118,027)


                                                                    31 December 2023                                 31 December 2022
                                                    Hong Kong &           Mainland                   Hong Kong &           Mainland
                                                          Others             China         Total           Others             China         Total
                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000

             Specified non-current assets              2,498,392        22,193,071     24,691,463       2,622,187        21,726,425     24,348,612


      43. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
            The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
            reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these financial
            statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the years presented. Changes in assumptions may
            have a significant impact on the financial statements in the periods where the assumptions are changed. The application
            of assumptions and estimates means that any selection of different assumptions would cause the Group’s reporting to
            differ. The Group believes that the assumptions that have been made are appropriate and that the financial statements
            therefore present the financial position and results fairly, in all material respects. Management has discussed with the
            Audit and Risk Management Committee on the development, selection and disclosure of the Group’s significant
            accounting policies and estimates and the application of these policies and estimates.




186
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023




43. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)
(a)     Sources of estimation uncertainty
(i)     Unlisted investments
        The fair values of unlisted financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other non-trading securities are
        significantly affected by the combination of valuation methodologies employed, the parameters used and, if required, the
        related comparable companies chosen. The valuation methodologies and the source of parameters adopted by the Group
        are discussed in note 40.


(ii)    Impairment of advances to customers and debtors, deposits, prepayments and others
        The impairment provisions for amortised receivables are based on assumptions about ECLs. The Group uses judgements
        in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the number of days that
        an individual receivable is outstanding as well as the Group’s historical experience, market benchmark and forward-
        looking information at the end of each reporting period. Changes in these assumptions and estimates could materially
        affect the results of the assessment and it may be necessary to make an additional impairment charge to profit or loss.


(iii)   Tax provision
        The Group’s taxation provision is based on management’s assessment of the estimated assessable profits for the year
        taking into consideration tax legislations in Hong Kong and the relevant overseas jurisdictions.


(b)     Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies
(i)     Structured entities managed by the Group and its affiliates
        The Group and its affiliates, acting as the general partners or investment managers to a number of structured entities
        (investment funds and collective investment schemes), have provided seed capital for the set up of these structured
        entities. When determining whether the Group controls these structured entities, usually the level of aggregate economic
        interests of the Group in these funds and the level of investors’ rights to remove the general partners or investment
        managers are considered. The Group determines that it has no control over some structured entities since the level of
        aggregate economic interests of the Group in those structured entities is not so significant that it gives the Group control
        over the structured entities, or the Group cannot control the general partners or investment managers, after taking into
        consideration the level of investors’ rights to remove the general managers or investment managers and the power of
        other investors over the general partners or investment managers. The Group determines that it has control over some
        structured entities and has consolidated them. Further details of unconsolidated structured entities are set out in note 38.


(ii)    Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities
        Disclosures of interests in unconsolidated structured entities provide information on involvement in these entities which
        exposes the Group to variability of returns from the performance of the other entity. Involvement is considered on a case-
        by-case basis, taking into account the nature of the entity’s activity. This could include holding debt and equity
        instruments, or the provision of structured derivatives, but excludes involvement that exists only because of typical
        customer supplier relationships, such as market-making transactions to facilitate secondary trading or senior lending in
        the normal course of business.


(iii)   Impairment of investment in an associate — Everbright Jiabao
        As at 31 December 2023, the cumulative impairment allowance and net carrying value of the Group’s investment in
        Everbright Jiabao, an associate of the Group, amounted to HK$1,598,827,000 and HK$1,786,636,000 respectively. For
        impairment testing, the Group engaged an external specialist to estimate the value-in-use of Everbright Jiabao, using a
        discounted cash flow model. In carrying out the impairment assessment, significant judgement and assumptions are
        required to estimate the value-in-use based on the forecasted cash flows of Everbright Jiabao and the discount rate
        applied.




                                                                                                                                       187
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      44. BANKING FACILITIES AND PLEDGE OF ASSETS
           Aggregate banking facilities of the Group as at 31 December 2023 amounted to HK$32.7 billion (2022: HK$32.9 billion).
           The Group has utilised HK$18.6 billion (2022: HK$20.9 billion) of these facilities.

           As at 31 December 2023, restricted deposits of Nil (31 December 2022: HK$664 million) were pledged to a bank to
           secure a banking facility granted to the Group. Restricted bank balances of HK$57 million (31 December 2022: HK$46
           million) were pledged to the banks for sales of mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on
           borrowings, and Nil (31 December 2022: HK$244 million) were used to secure certain bonds payable of the Group.
           Investment properties, inventories and stocks with carrying values of HK$4,542 million (31 December 2022: HK$4,362
           million), HK$230 million (31 December 2022: HK$383 million) and HK$1,475 million (31 December 2022: HK$1,563
           million), respectively, and were mortgaged to secure certain bank loans granted to the Group. Pursuant to the prime
           brokerage agreements entered into with the prime brokers of a fund held by the Group, cash and securities deposited
           with the prime brokers were secured against liabilities to the prime brokers. As at 31 December 2023, assets deposited
           with the prime brokers included HK$1,417 million (31 December 2022: HK$1,514 million) and HK$16.4 million (31
           December 2022: HK$0.5 million) which formed part of the Group’s trading securities and debtors respectively. Analysis
           on collateral of the Group’s bank loans and bonds payable is set in note 26 and note 28 of the Notes to the Financial
           Statements in this report.


      45. ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
           The Group has not applied the following revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these
           financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised HKFRSs, if applicable, when they become effective.

           Amendments to HKFRS 16               Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
           Amendments to HKAS 1                 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020 Amendments”) 1, 3
           Amendments to HKAS 1                 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”) 1, 3
           Amendments to HKAS 7 and             Supplier Finance Arrangements1
            HKFRS 7
           Amendments to HKAS 21                Lack of Exchangeability 2

           1.
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
           2.
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
           3.
                 As a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial
                 Statements — Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to align
                 the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion


           Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

           Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising in a
           sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that relates
           to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and
           shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date of initial application of
           HKFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
           significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




188
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023




45. ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (continued)
    The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including what is
    meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification
    of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also
    clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion option in a convertible
    liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022
    Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which
    an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current.
    Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants
    within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with early application
    permitted. An entity that applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments,
    and vice versa. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements
    may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any significant
    impact on the Group’s financial statements.

    Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency
    and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments
    require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not
    being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity cannot restate
    comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment
    to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount of translation differences accumulated in a
    separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments are not expected to
    have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


46. LITIGATION
    Reference is made to the announcements of the Company made through The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    dated 2 February 2021, 11 April 2023 and 1 June 2023 (the “Announcements”). As highlighted in the Announcements,
    the Group is involving in a legal proceeding (the “Litigation”) and the total amount involved in the first-instance judgment
    was approximately RMB1.173 billion. The Company had filed an appeal within the statutory time limit and the first-
    instance judgment has not come into legal effect. Besides, certain amount of the Group’s assets insignificant to its daily
    operations were preserved under the Litigation. The Company is of the view that any liabilities which may be incurred as
    a result of the Litigation will not have a material adverse impact on the operations, financial position and debt-paying
    ability of the Group. For more details, please refer to the Announcements. The Company will continue to closely monitor
    the progress of the Litigation and advocate its legitimate rights and interests. The Company will provide further
    information as and when appropriate in accordance with the applicable listing rules, laws and regulations.


47. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The financial statements on pages 99 to 189 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 22
    March 2024.




                                                                                                                                       189
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      RESULTS
                                                                          For the years ended 31 December
                                                            2019            2020            2021             2022            2023
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

       Turnover                                        12,617,142      22,682,402       21,785,133       7,707,730       6,047,280

       Profit/(loss) from operating activities after
         finance costs and impairment losses            1,850,640       2,598,936        2,252,219       (9,257,751)     (1,941,896)
       Share of profits less losses of associates
         and joint ventures                               912,167         606,320        1,288,334         634,009         256,006

       Profit/(loss) before taxation                    2,762,807       3,205,256        3,540,553       (8,623,742)     (1,685,890)
       Income tax (expenses)/credit                      (551,037)       (948,118)        (768,186)         923,427         (76,379)

       Profit/(loss) for the year                       2,211,770       2,257,138        2,772,367       (7,700,315)     (1,762,269)

       Attributable to:
         Equity shareholders of the Company             2,237,166       2,264,175        2,572,840       (7,443,299)     (1,922,639)
         Holders of perpetual capital securities                 –          15,736          88,585           89,284          98,066
         Non-controlling interests                         (25,396)        (22,773)        110,942         (346,300)         62,304

                                                        2,211,770       2,257,138        2,772,367       (7,700,315)     (1,762,269)

       Earnings/(loss) per share (HK$)                       1.327           1.344            1.527          (4.417)         (1.141)


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                            2019            2020            2021             2022            2023
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

       Total assets                                     86,496,483      96,974,800     101,793,561       84,476,611      79,587,922
       Total liabilities                               (42,709,113)    (47,541,819)     (50,757,031)    (46,599,510)    (45,482,136)
       Perpetual capital securities                               –      (2,341,276)      (2,341,161)     (2,341,083)    (2,209,566)
       Non-controlling interests                         (2,196,045)     (1,654,688)      (1,759,044)     (1,046,815)      (906,499)

       Shareholders’ fund                              41,591,325      45,437,017       46,936,325      34,489,203      30,989,721




190
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023




PARTICULARS OF MAJOR PROPERTIES


Location                               Site area/Gross floor area           Tenure                              Use
Hong Kong

46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre,   Gross floor area of 10,800 sq. ft.   Government lease for 75 years       Commercial
16 Harcourt Road                                                            from 23rd July 1980,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

40th Floor, Far East Finance Centre,   Gross floor area of 10,800 sq. ft.   Government lease for 75 years       Commercial
16 Harcourt Road                                                            from 23rd July 1980,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

Flat A, 27/F, 1 Star Street,           Gross floor area of 655 sq. ft.      Government lease for 75 years       Residential
Wanchai                                                                     from 22nd August 1928,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

Mainland China

Units 1-17, 8th Floor,                 Gross floor area of 1,241.25 sq.m.   Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
Industrial Bank Building,                                                   27th December 2000
4013 Shennan Road,
Futian District, Shenzhen

Unit 1300, Level 13,                 Gross floor area of 1,474.42 sq.m.     Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
China Overseas International Center,                                        7th March 2004
28 Ping’anli West Street,
Xicheng District, Beijing

Level 25, 21 Century Center,           Gross floor area of 1,976.23 sq.m.   Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
No. 210 Century Road,                                                       25th February 1997
Pudong New District, Shanghai




                                                                                                                              191
      CORPORATE INFORMATION


      BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
      Yu Fachang (Chairman)#                    China Everbright Bank Company Limited
      Lin Chun (President)                      Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
      An Xuesong                                China Construction Bank Corporation
      Wang Yun                                  Agricultural Bank of China Limited
      Yin Yanwu                                 Bank of Communications Company, Limited
      Qin Hongyuan#                             Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
      Lin Zhijun*                               Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd,
      Chung Shui Ming Timpson*                    Hong Kong Branch
      Law Cheuk Kin Stephen*
      Wong Chun Sek Edmund*
                                                SHARE REGISTRAR
      #
          Non-executive Directors
                                                Tricor Secretaries Limited
      *   Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
      COMPANY SECRETARY
      Wan Kim Ying Kasina                       AUDITOR
                                                Ernst & Young
      REGISTERED OFFICE                         Certified Public Accountants
                                                Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
      46th Floor
      Far East Finance Centre
      16 Harcourt Road                          WEBSITE ADDRESS
      Hong Kong
                                                http://www.everbright.com


                                                INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
                                                ir@everbright.com


                                                STOCK CODE
                                                165




192
