Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility for the
contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.




                                           Trip.com Group Limited
                                                攜程集團有限公司
                                   (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                                  (Stock Code: 9961)


                                       2020 ANNUAL REPORT
This announcement is issued pursuant to Note 4 of Rule 13.46(2) of The Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

The Company will not prepare or publish a separate annual report under Rule 13.46(2).
Shareholders and potential investors are reminded that the financial results for the year ended
December 31, 2020 were included in the prospectus of the Company dated April 8, 2021, which is
available for viewing on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk and
our website at investors.trip.com. Shareholders and potential investors may also refer to the annual
report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2021,
which is also available for viewing on our website at investors.trip.com.

                                                                                         By order of the Board
                                                                                       Trip.com Group Limited
                                                                                        James Jianzhang Liang
                                                                                    Executive Chairman of the Board

Hong Kong, April 30, 2021

As at the date of this announcement, the board of directors of the Company comprises Mr. James Jianzhang Liang, Mr. Min Fan,
Ms. Jane Jie Sun, Mr. Robin Yanhong Li and Mr. Dou Shen as directors, and Mr. Neil Nanpeng Shen, Mr. Qi Ji, Mr. Gabriel Li
and Mr. JP Gan as independent directors.
