20
  21
TMX GROUP LIMITED




  2021
ANNUAL
REPORT
The future
is yours
to see.
 Letter from the chair

 This past year was significant for TMX Group despite the continued
 challenges of the global pandemic. The strength and resilience of our
 business model was apparent with the strong performance and major
 accomplishments during the year. We made significant progress on our
 strategic priorities including accelerating growth, developing talent and
 culture, advocating for better markets, and integrating sustainability
 into our operations. We also completed the acquisition of AST Canada,
 which will accelerate the growth in the TSX Trust business.

 As always, I want to recognize my fellow Board members, and thank
 them for their wise counsel and ongoing dedication. In particular,
 I want to acknowledge Marie Giguère who will retire at our annual
 shareholder meeting this year. I would like to thank Marie for her
 valued contributions over her many years as a Board member and as
 Chair of our Governance and Regulatory Oversight Committee. In 2021,
 we were very pleased to welcome Audrey Mascarenhas, who joined the
 Board in May.

 On behalf of the Board, I extend a sincere thank you to the team at
 TMX Group for their continued commitment, and their tremendous
 achievements in 2021. Finally, I want to express my appreciation to our
 clients and shareholders for their support of TMX Group.




Charles Winograd
Chair, Board of Directors
TMX Group Limited
March 18, 2022
Letter from the CEO

Our company had a tremendous year in 2021 marked by strong
performances and major accomplishments across our business areas,
making important progress with our strategic initiatives. Throughout
the year and in every facet of our business, our team of professionals
demonstrated an unwavering commitment to our clients and
stakeholders, rising to meet the increased demands, and the day-to-day
challenges of a busy market all while navigating the realities of work
and home-life during pandemic conditions.



2021 Highlights
Our impressive performance in 2021 reflected significant contributions
across our business areas, including capital formation, derivatives
trading and clearing, and Trayport, and stands as powerful evidence of
TMX’s ability to serve the diverse needs of our dynamic and global client
base.


Capital Formation

Revenue from capital formation increased 36% from 2020. It was an
incredibly strong year in terms of deal-making activity and new listings
on our equity markets. Our stock list has become very diverse, with
companies of all sizes and stages of maturity, from a broad range of
sectors, offering compelling opportunities to investors.

We continue to expand the reach and raise the profile of our markets
beyond our borders, through our targeted business development
program. On a combined basis, TSX and TSXV ranked third among
our global exchange peers by number of new international listings in
2021. We welcomed close to 50 new issuers from the United States and
other regions of TMX Group focus including Israel, Australia and South
America. The addition of new listings; from large cap companies and
big name IPOs to early-stage juniors, builds our markets stronger and
deeper and enhances our value proposition among global investors.

Canada’s markets are among the best in the world: deep and diverse,
fair and liquid, innovative and responsive. But markets are not
static, and must continue to evolve. We are committed to working
in collaboration with our clients and stakeholders to innovate and
adapt our offerings to make markets better and ensure we retain our
competitive edge into the future.
In August, we completed the acquisition of AST Canada, a leading
provider of transfer agency, corporate trust and related services and the
integration is well underway. This acquisition represents an exciting
addition to our TSX Trust offering; broadening the range of services and
solutions we provide to listed issuers.


Derivatives Trading & Clearing

Revenue from our Derivatives Trading and Clearing business was up
13% from 2020, largely driven by an increase in Montréal Exchange
(MX) total volumes of 29%. This increase was somewhat offset by lower
revenue per contract, reflecting changes in client and product mix as
well as incentives designed to build long-term, sustainable liquidity.

MX continues to adapt its suite of products to meet investor demand.
In November 2021, we launched the 30-year Government of Canada
Bond Futures contract, adding another liquidity point to our futures
curve to complement the Two, Five and Ten-Year contracts. The new
30-year contract is designed to facilitate hedging for longer maturity
instruments, and to create more cross-market trading opportunities.

In keeping with the cross-market theme, MX took a major step forward
in its global expansion plans with the September launch of extended
trading hours to sync with the Asia Pacific time zone. An initiative that
began in 2018 with trading on London time, extended trading hours
on MX directly connects us to the world’s premier financial centers,
enabling sophisticated modern investors, in all time zones, to trade
Canada on their time. The initial response to Asia Pacific hours has
been very positive, despite the challenges the pandemic poses in terms
of business development halfway across the world.

Looking ahead to next year, in response to the growing demand for
risk management products in the crypto space, MX is working towards
introducing a cash-settled futures product designed to enable investors
to hedge cryptocurrency investments. Our team continues to examine
ways we can enhance the overall MX client experience and augment our
market-making program to attract more retail trading.
Trayport

We are pleased to report double-digit revenue growth in Trayport with
a 10% increase compared to 2020. Trayport’s tailored product suite
plays an important role in energy markets, especially in uncertain
conditions, equipping clients with data and analytic capabilities to make
informed decisions. Our network offers a key access point; connecting
traders, portfolio managers and analysts to execution venues, across
power and natural gas markets. In response to rapidly evolving global
energy markets and the ongoing transition to renewables gathering
momentum, Trayport continues to explore opportunities to diversify its
client offering and expand into new asset classes and geographies.



Strategic Update

In addition to a stellar year from a performance perspective, 2021 was
a very important year for TMX Group in terms of progress made in our
four strategic priorities:
• Accelerating growth, across the enterprise and our business areas,
• Enhancing our Talent & Culture, by investing in our people,
• Activating TMX Group as a vocal proponent and advocate or smart
    policy measures to help ensure Canada’s markets maintain our
    competitive edge, and
• Integrating Environmental Social Governance (ESG) & Sustainability
    objectives and initiatives into TMX Group’s corporate and business
    objectives.

In June, we welcomed David Arnold, TMX Group’s new Chief Financial
Officer. Along with a demonstrated expertise in leading complex,
large-scale business initiatives, David brings an innovative mindset and
a collaborative spirit to the role, which fits squarely with TMX Group’s
corporate mission, client first vision and employee culture.

Last quarter, we appointed Michelle Tran, a respected TMX veteran with
deep connections across our client community as the new President
of TMX Datalinx. More recently, we once again tapped into the depth of
expertise and wealth of experience within the organization to appoint
Tim Babcock as the new Vice President and Head of TSX Venture
Exchange. Tim has more than twenty years of experience with TSXV.
His knowledge and expertise in regards to all aspects of the business
and community, coupled with his leadership skills, position him and
the TSX Venture franchise for ongoing success. This is an exciting time
for TMX Group. Filling these key roles, and others, from inside our
organization demonstrates our commitment to nurturing talent, and
developing exceptional leaders. It stands as compelling evidence that
we are on the right track to establishing a high-performance culture.
TMX Group remains committed to executing an effective, long-term
growth strategy, serving stakeholders in our markets across the world
with excellence through all market conditions, and continuing to deliver
value to our shareholders.

I look forward to updating you on our progress at our Annual and
Special Meeting in May.




John McKenzie
Chief Executive Officer
TMX Group
March 18, 2022
2021 MD& A
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
TMX Group Limited

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

February 7, 2022

This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) of TMX Group Limited’s (TMX Group) financial condition and
financial performance is provided to enable a reader to assess our financial condition, material changes in our financial
condition and our financial performance, including our liquidity and capital resources, for the year ended December 31,
2021, compared with the year ended December 31, 2020 and as at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. This
MD&A should be read together with our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2021 (financial statements).

Our financial statements and this MD&A for 2021 are filed with Canadian securities regulators and can be accessed at
www.tmx.com and www.sedar.com. The financial measures included in this MD&A are based on financial statements
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB), unless otherwise specified. All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise
indicated.

Additional information about TMX Group, including the Annual Information Form, is available at www.tmx.com and
www.sedar.com. We are not incorporating information contained on our website in this MD&A.



MD&A Structure

Our MD&A is organized into the following key sections:

    •   Mission, Client First Vision, Sustainable Growth and Financial Objectives;

    •   Our Response to COVID-19 Pandemic;

    •   Initiatives and Accomplishments - 2021 initiatives and accomplishments;

    •   Organizational Changes - an update on senior management changes;

    •   Regulatory Changes - an update on the regulatory environment;

    •   Market Conditions - a discussion of our current business environment;

    •   Our Business - a detailed description of our operations and our products and services;

    •   Results of Operations - a year-over-year comparison of results;

    •   Liquidity and Capital Resources - a discussion of changes in our cash flow, our outstanding debt and the
        resources available to finance existing and future commitments;

    •   Managing Capital - an outline of objectives for managing our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities,
        share capital, Commercial Paper, Debentures, and credit and liquidity facilities;

    •   Financial Instruments;

    •   Critical Accounting Estimates - a review of our goodwill and intangible assets - valuation and impairment;




                                                                                                                      Page 1


                                        2021 Annual Report     9    TMX Group Limited
    •    Select Annual and Quarterly Financial Information - a discussion of select annual information from 2019-2021,
         the fourth quarter of 2021 compared with the corresponding period in 2020 and the results over the previous
         eight quarters;

    •    Enterprise Risk Management - a discussion of the risks to our business as identified through our risk
         management process as well as Financial Risk Management;

    •    Accounting and Control Matters - a discussion of changes in accounting policies adopted in 2021 and future
         changes in accounting policies, an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
         over financial reporting and changes to internal control over financial reporting; and

    •    Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information.




MISSION, CLIENT FIRST VISION, SUSTAINABLE GROWTH AND FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES

Mission

We power capital and commodity markets with client-centric, technology-driven global solutions.

Client First Vision

To be an indispensable solution for companies around the world to raise capital and the preferred destination for
traders and investors to prosper.

Sustainable Growth1

We prioritize four areas in our efforts to drive sustainable growth and in order to thrive in both today and tomorrow’s
environmental context:

    •    Growth Acceleration: Accelerate strategies to position TMX Group competitively in areas of high growth
         potential such as Capital Formation, Derivatives Trading & Clearing, and Trayport

    •    Talent and Culture: Invest in our people to both fulfil our employee purpose and to foster long-term
         sustainable growth

    •    Advocate for Better: Collaborate with clients, regulators, and government stakeholders to make the Canadian
         capital markets more competitive globally

    •    Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG): Drive long-term sustainable growth through an integration of
         ESG objectives and initiatives into divisional and corporate objectives




1
  The "Sustainable Growth" section contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Caution Regarding Forward-
Looking Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties related to such statements.




                                                                                                                        Page 2


                                         2021 Annual Report     10    TMX Group Limited
Financial Objectives2

In November 2018, we set long term financial objectives of achieving a mid single digit compound annual growth rate
(CAGR) for organic revenue (revenue excluding acquisitions and divestitures in comparative periods) and a double digit
CAGR for adjusted EPS3 based on certain assumptions and expected performance over time. (Please refer to Select
Annual Financial Information for net income and earnings per share for 2019, 2020 and 2021). While we continue to
believe that these aspirational goals are reasonable, we may not be able to achieve these financial objectives, as our
assumptions may prove to be inaccurate and therefore our actual results could differ materially from our long term
objectives. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic is having an unprecedented impact on the global economy and
markets. At this point, it is difficult to predict the impact that this will have in the short term on our business, and the
longer term impact on our aspirational goals.

Our long term objectives do not constitute guidance. Our current profitability and our ability to attain these goals in a
given period must be weighed against our need to invest in our business in order to execute on our strategy. Some
examples of these assumptions include successful execution of our strategic growth initiatives and business objectives;
continued investment in growth businesses; and continued re-prioritization of investment towards enterprise
solutions. Long term revenue growth objectives by business segment are organic revenue CAGRs (segment revenue
excluding acquisitions and divestitures in comparative periods) based on certain assumptions and expected
performance over time.




*Organic compound annual growth rate (CAGR), see discussion under "Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information".

Our business is organized into the following areas:

Capital formation: Our exchanges are integral to the efficient operation of the capital markets. We continually support
the capital markets community by providing companies of all types and at all stages of development with access to
equity capital, while also providing market oversight to ensure market integrity.

Lines of business include Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and TSX Venture Exchange (TSXV) listing and issuer services, and
TSX Trust (TMX Group's transfer agency and corporate trust services business) which includes AST Canada (acquired
August 12, 2021, see discussion under Initiatives and Accomplishments - Capital Formation - AST Canada transaction).

Equities and fixed income trading and clearing: Operate fair and transparent markets, with innovative, efficient and
reliable platforms for equities and fixed income trading and clearing.

Lines of business include TSX, TSXV and TSX Alpha Exchange (Alpha) equities trading operations, Shorcan Brokers
Limited (Shorcan) fixed income trading and Canadian Depository for Securities Limited and its subsidiaries including CDS
Clearing and Depository Services Inc (CDS Clearing) and CDS Innovations (collectively, CDS).

2
  The "Financial Objectives" section contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Caution Regarding Forward-
Looking Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties related to such statements.
3
  Adjusted EPS and adjusted EPS CAGR are non-GAAP ratios, see discussion under "Non-GAAP Measures" for more
information..




                                                                                                                          Page 3


                                          2021 Annual Report     11     TMX Group Limited
Derivatives trading and clearing: Accelerating new product creation and leveraging our unique market position to
meet the increasing demand for derivative products both in Canada and globally.

Lines of business include Montréal Exchange (MX) and Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation (CDCC).

Global solutions, insights and analytics: Deliver equities data, index data as well as integrated data sets to fuel high-
value proprietary and third party analytics which help clients make better trading and investment decisions. We also
provide solutions to European and global wholesale energy markets for price discovery, trade execution, post-trade
transparency and straight through processing.

Lines of business include TMX Datalinx (information services), Co-location, and Trayport (acquired December 14, 2017)
which includes Vienna-based VisoTech (acquired May 15, 2019) and Germany-based Tradesignal (acquired June 1,
2021, see discussion under Initiatives and Accomplishments - GSIA - Tradesignal transaction ).

Sustainability and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

Integrating sustainability and ESG factors with our overall enterprise strategy goes hand in hand with our mission and
Client First Vision.

In May 2021, we issued our second ESG report. The goal of the report is to inform all of our stakeholders, including
current shareholders and potential investors, of our progress in incorporating ESG matters into our corporate strategy,
process and operations.

In December 2021, we introduced our first Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report that
presents our efforts towards implementing the recommendations of the TCFD framework.

We continue to evaluate our role in Canadian capital markets in a transitioning economy and to engage with the
industry as well as our stakeholders as we integrate these factors into the way we do business. We look to:

    •   Lead by example by building a strong foundation of our own sustainable company practices and reporting

    •   Engage with the market and support our issuer base and clients through a transitioning economy

    •   Support transition finance with our products and services




OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19 PANDEMIC

The global pandemic first declared in 2020 has altered the world and the way we operate. Its impact on individuals,
communities, businesses, and the political landscape is far reaching. In these extraordinary times, we rely on our core
organizational values, enterprise strategy, risk management practices and our talented people to guide us through this
rapidly changing and complex situation. Powered by the dedicated and collaborative efforts of employees, the vast
majority of whom are working remotely, we continue to focus our efforts on our client first vision to be an
indispensable solution for companies around the world to raise capital and the preferred destination for traders and
investors to prosper. In 2021, we continued to experience increased demand on our systems and services during the
pandemic with increased activity, trading, messaging levels and client support demands. Our team rose to the
challenge and ensured the market and our participants were effectively supported during these challenging times.

The health and safety of our people, our clients and the entire capital markets community has been and continues to
be our top priority in this time of great uncertainty, and consistently guides the decisions that we make. We deployed
various IT and human resources tools to support both our employees working from home as well as our limited
recovery staff who are on site performing critical duties. Today, over 90% of our workforce continues to work




                                                                                                                         Page 4




                                         2021 Annual Report    12    TMX Group Limited
remotely, and will continue to do so until government and public health officials indicate remote work is no longer
required. TMX Group continues to reassess our return to office date as new information becomes available.

We continue to focus on resiliency and demonstrate this through ongoing resiliency testing during this global
pandemic, including our latest Disaster Recovery exercise completed in October 2021. As we look into the future,
despite prevailing uncertainty looming in our operating environment, TMX Group remains firmly focused on serving our
clients with excellence, providing our markets with continuity, and executing against our global growth strategy.




INITIATIVES AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Capital Formation4

AST Canada transaction 5

On August 12, 2021, we completed the acquisition of AST Investor Services Inc. (Canada), and its subsidiary AST Trust
Company (Canada) (collectively, AST Canada), a provider of transfer agency, corporate trust and related services for
$164.6 million in purchase consideration, which includes $30 million of cash in their businesses. On September 1, 2021,
AST Trust Company (Canada) and TSX Trust Company amalgamated to form a newly amalgamated corporation
continued as TSX Trust Company. AST Investor Services Inc. (Canada) was renamed as TMX Investor Solutions Inc.

The transaction is expected to enhance the competitive position of our TSX Trust business by adding a complementary
portfolio of transfer agency, equity plan solutions, corporate trust, structured finance, and proxy-related services. By
broadening the scope and scale of its service offerings, TSX Trust has strengthened its ability to serve the evolving
needs of customers across the marketplace and into the future. From a strategic perspective, this transaction increases
the portion of our revenue from recurring sources. Had we acquired AST Canada on January 1, 2021, TMX Group's
portion of recurring revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 would have been approximately 50%.6

Summary financial details:

    •    The cash consideration for the acquisition of AST Canada was satisfied from net proceeds from the TMX Group
         debenture offering which closed on February 12, 2021, and excess cash.

    •    AST Canada's revenue for the twelve months ended June 30, 2021 was approximately $39 million, net loss was
         approximately $3 million, and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
         (adjusted EBITDA)7 were approximately $11 million (net loss of approximately $3 million, deduct income tax
         benefit of $2 million, and add depreciation and amortization costs of $9 million, and indirect allocation from
         the parent company of $7 million).8 Adjusted EBITDA excludes indirect allocation from the parent company,
         which are indirect costs that are allocated from AST to AST Canada including legal fees and consulting fees.




4
  The "Capital Formation" section contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Caution Regarding Forward-Looking
Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainty related to such statements.
5
  Financial information for AST Canada for the year ended June 30, 2021 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2021, is
unaudited, and derived from historical financial information and financial statements from AST Canada.
6
  Recurring revenue streams include substantially all of Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics, as well as sustaining fees, custody
fees, transfer agency fees, and other access / subscription based revenues.
7
  Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure, see discussion under "Non-GAAP Measures" for more information.
8
  See Press Release TMX Group Announces Agreement to Acquire AST Trust Company (Canada) published September 25, 2020.




                                                                                                                                   Page 5


                                             2021 Annual Report       13    TMX Group Limited
       •   AST Canada's unaudited revenue for the twelve months ended June 30, 2020 was approximately $46.5 million
           (including $8.0 million of margin income), net loss of approximately $0.3 million, and adjusted EBITDA9 was
           $11.6 million (net loss of approximately $0.3 million, deduct income tax benefit of $0.4 million, depreciation
           and amortization costs of $8.6 million, and indirect allocation from the parent company of $3.7 million).10
           Adjusted EBITDA excludes indirect allocation from the parent company, which are indirect costs that are
           allocated from AST to AST Canada including legal fees and consulting fees.

       •   We incurred acquisition and related costs of approximately $4.8 million, of which $1.7 million was incurred in
           2020 and $3.1 million in 2021. The total acquisition costs was $0.8 million higher than our estimate of $4.0
           million.

       •   We expect integration costs of approximately $20.0 million over the twelve month period from September 1,
           2021 to August 31, 2022; primarily related to information technology; and expect total revenue and
           technology cost synergies of approximately $8.0 million, which will be substantially achieved by 2024. We
           expect at least $2.0 million of these cost synergies in 2022. In 2021, we spent approximately $3.4 million in
           integration costs. The transaction is expected to have a positive impact on TMX Group's adjusted earnings per
           share in 2022.11

       •   We have entered into a transitional services agreement (TSA) with AST for the twelve month period from
           September 1, 2021 to August 31, 2022. The total expected cost related to the TSA is approximately $6.0
           million, incurred evenly over the term of the TSA. In 2021, we spent approximately $2.0 million related to the
           TSA.

Sustainable Bonds Portal

In March 2021, we embarked on an initiative to post Sustainable Bonds to trade on the TSX. The initiative, pending
regulatory reporting requirements, looks to offer governments and quasi-governmental entities a means to expand
their investor reach by making the bonds readily available on TSX to retail investors.

In May 2021, we launched the Sustainable Bonds Portal, a centralized repository for institutional and retail investors to
access sustainable bonds information from Canadian issuers. The portal supports sustainable bond issuers' ability to
provide markets with impact and performance reporting associated with an issuance.



Equities and Fixed Income Trading and Clearing12

Market On Close (MOC) Modernization

In October 2020, TSX published and filed for regulatory approval a proposed new Closing Auction model, the first
substantive changes to the MOC since its introduction in 2004. The MOC Modernization proposal was developed after
two years of extensive consultation from market participants unified in supporting a best-in-class closing auction that
effectively meets the liquidity and execution needs of Canadian and global investors. In October 2021, we launched the
new TSX MOC facility which will provide an improved trading experience for market participants, better serve
stakeholder needs for enhanced liquidity at the close, and enhance efficiencies in determining closing prices in Canada.


9
    Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure, see discussion under "Non-GAAP Measures" for more information.
10
   Revenue and adjusted EBITDA for the year ended June 30, 2020 are compilations of financial information provided to us by AST
Trust Company (Canada). This information is unaudited and may not be prepared in accordance with IFRS for public companies.
11
   Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP ratio. see discussion under "Non-GAAP Measures" and "Caution Regarding Forward-
Looking Information" for more information.
12
   The "Equities and Fixed Income Trading & Clearing" section contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Caution
Regarding Forward-Looking Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainty related to such statements.




                                                                                                                                Page 6


                                            2021 Annual Report      14     TMX Group Limited
TSX DRK

The expansion of TSX’s Dark Trading offering continued throughout 2020 and 2021 with the successful introduction of
new pricing programs and targeted sales campaigns. As a result, TSX DRK made substantial gains in this market
segment, increasing its continuous trading market share in TSX listed securities from 18% in 2019 to 27% in 2021.
Planned expansion initiatives and investments to increase user adoption, introduce new offerings, and support
continued market share growth are expected to be added. In November 2021, we launched Conditional Orders to
further build on our TSX DRK strategy.



Derivatives Trading and Clearing 13

Montreal Exchange

In October 2018, MX launched extended trading hours from the previously 6:00 a.m. ET open to a 2:00 a.m. ET open.
Initially, this included MX's interest rate products14. Beginning in February 2019, MX offered clients the ability to also
trade its equity index futures15 in these extended hours. In September 2021, MX launched extended trading hours in
Asia, offering investors in Asia-Pacific region the opportunity to manage their exposure to Canadian markets and
execute cross-market strategies in their local time. Trading sessions open at 8:00 p.m. (t-1) ET (with a 7:30 p.m. (t-1) ET
pre-open) and close at 4:30 p.m. ET.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, volumes during extended trading hours represented approximately 6% of total
volumes in these products.

In November 2021, MX relaunched the 30-year Government of Canada bond futures (LGB) as part of MX's continued
efforts to increase the number of liquid points on the Canadian listed yield curve.

BOX

On January 3, 2022, BOX Holdings Group LLC (BOX) executed a unit buy-back with certain members which resulted in
TMX Group's economic and voting interest increasing from 42.6% and 45.5%, to 47.9% and 51.4%, respectively. As a
result, effective January 3, 2022, TMX Group obtained control over BOX and commenced consolidating the entity. The
transaction shall be accounted for as a business combination in accordance with IFRS 3, Business Combinations. TMX
Group remeasured its previously held interest, resulting in a non-cash gain currently estimated to be approximately
$180.2 million, which will be recognized in our Q1/22 results.




13
   The "Derivatives Trading and Clearing" section contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Caution Regarding
Forward-Looking Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainty related to such statements.
14
   BAX - Three-Month Canadian Bankers' Acceptance Futures, CRA - Three-month Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (CORRA)
Futures (launched June 12, 2020), CGZ - Two-Year Government of Canada Bond Futures, CGF - Five-Year Government of Canada
Bond Futures and CGB - Ten-Year Government of Canada Bond Futures.
15
   SXF - S&P/TSX 60 Index Standard Futures and SXM - S&P/TSX 60 Index Mini Futures.




                                                                                                                              Page 7


                                            2021 Annual Report     15     TMX Group Limited
Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics (GSIA)16

Trayport

Asset Class and Geographic Expansion
In Q1/21, Trayport expanded the use of its Joule platform in refined oil following the signing of an agreement with a
leading global inter dealer broker to use Trayport technology. We are now in the process of rolling this out to trading
desks in London and Singapore. In Q3/21, ten brokers used Trayport’s Joule platform to display pricing for refined oil.

Algorithmic Trading and Data Analytics Products
The trend of algorithmic power trading in European intraday markets continues to grow.

This algorithmic trading trend is also developing across the rest of the markets Trayport serves in Europe. Trayport has
responded to this demand by launching a Data Analytics product to store and analyze customers' data sets, which is
now live. Trayport is also expanding its AutoTrader algorithmic design and execution product to cover these additional
forward and futures markets. Together, these products provide an end to end solution for customers to design, back
test, and execute algorithmic strategies.

Tradesignal transaction
In June 2021, Trayport Limited completed the acquisition of Tradesignal, a producer of rule-based trading and
technical chart analysis software based in Germany. In addition to selling enhanced charting and analytics capabilities
to its client base, the acquisition will provide a strategic link between Trayport’s algo trading and analytics offerings.

Voluntary Carbon Trading
In December 2021, Trayport announced The Voluntary Climate Marketplace (TVCM) operated by IncubEx, which will
offer best-in-class market access to trade voluntary carbon offsets and will be tradable through Trayport’s Joule
platform. In December 2021, TMX purchased voluntary carbon credits on Trayport's Joule platform and achieved
carbon neutrality for 2020.

TMX Datalinx

Co-location Services
To meet client demand, we planned to increase capacity at our co-location facility by approximately 25%, or 50
cabinets. In Q1/21, we made 15 additional cabinets available which helped alleviate some pent up demand from
clients. In August 2021, we completed the 25% expansion of our facility.

The following indices were launched in 2021:

S&P/TSX 60 VIX Index

The S&P/TSX 60 VIX Index, launched in April 2021, is the only Canadian implied volatility measure, and replaces the VIX
index that was retired in early 2020. The S&P/TSX 60 VIX Index approximates the 30-day implied volatility of the
Canadian market, based on activity in the options market.




16
   The "Global Solutions Insights and Analytics" section contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Caution
Regarding Forward-Looking Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainty related to such statements.




                                                                                                                             Page 8


                                          2021 Annual Report      16    TMX Group Limited
S&P/TSX Composite Tilt ESG Index

The S&P/TSX Composite Tilt ESG Index, launched in October 2021, includes composite constituents while increasing
weights of higher ESG score constituents relative to the base index, and decreasing the weights of lower ESG score
constituents.



Update on Modernization of CDS Clearing Platform17

The CDS modernization project involves the replacement of other legacy systems at CDS including those related to
clearing and settlement, as well as an expanded scope to address entitlement payment systems. In March 2017, we
implemented an Issuer Services Program that included a number of fee changes in anticipation of the investment that
would be required to modernize the entitlement payments system. We spent $43.8 million up to the end of 2019 on
capital expenditures, $27.8 million in 2020 and $21.0 million in 2021. These project costs are included in Additions to
premises and equipment and intangible assets on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in each of 2019, 2020,
and 2021. Overall, we expect to incur between approximately $120 and $135 million in capital expenditures related to
the CDS modernization project. We expect to complete this project in 1H/23. We will continue to provide updates on
estimates for capital expenditures and timing as this complex project progresses.



Corporate

ESG Reporting

In May 2021, we released our second annual ESG report, detailing our progress in integrating sustainability practices
into our corporate strategy, business processes, and investment decisions. Highlights of the report include:

    •    Our endorsement of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and a target to incorporate the
         recommendations of the TCFD in its ESG reporting in 2021.

    •    Our commitment to purchase carbon credits to offset its GHG emissions and become net-carbon neutral in
         2021.

    •    The establishment of an Employment, Diversity and Inclusion (ED&I) Advisory Council, led by our CEO John
         McKenzie, to determine TMX Group's long-term ED&I policies, procedures and targets.

    •    An agreement with IHS Markit to facilitate broader ESG reporting and data distribution for issuers listed on
         Toronto Stock Exchange and TSX Venture Exchange.

In December 2021, we released our inaugural TCFD Report detailing TMX Group's climate-related risks and
opportunities. Highlights of the report include:

    •    We conducted a climate materiality analysis to identify the climate-related risks and opportunities that could
         materially impact its strategic and operational objectives.

    •    We committed to achieving carbon neutrality for 2020 and every year going forward. To reach the climate
         milestone in 2020, we recently purchased voluntary carbon offsets utilizing Trayport's Joule platform.

    •    We introduced several products that facilitate ESG investing, including new ESG indices, sustainable ETFs, and
         ESG derivatives on the Montreal Exchange.


17
   The "Update on Modernization of CDS Clearing Platform" section contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to
"Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties related to such statements.




                                                                                                                           Page 9


                                          2021 Annual Report      17    TMX Group Limited
ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGE

On June 1, 2021, David Arnold joined TMX Group as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Arnold is a financial services
industry leader and 20-year veteran of CIBC where he held increasingly senior positions in Finance and Administration,
most recently as Executive Vice President, Enterprise Programs, Technology and Operations.

On November 1, 2021, Michelle Tran was appointed President, TMX Datalinx reporting directly to Jay Rajarathinam,
Chief Operating Officer. Ms. Tran is a 20-year veteran at TMX Group, most recently as Vice President, Sales and
Service. Ms. Tran will focus on client-centric innovation and lead the strategic direction of the business including
incremental revenue opportunities resulting from new client offerings and potential partnerships to drive market
share.


MARKET CONDITIONS AND OUTLOOK18

The COVID-19 pandemic has had an unprecedented impact on market and general economic conditions. The rise in
retail trading activity we saw at the start of the pandemic in 2020, peaked in Q1/21 and have since returned to pre-
pandemic levels. The average CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) was 19.7 in 2021 compared with 29.3 in 2020. Overall,
Canadian equities trading volumes were up 13% in 2021 compared with 2020.19 Across all of our equities markets,
overall trading volumes were up 2% in 2021 compared with 2020 with trading volumes on TSX Alpha Exchange (Alpha)
and TSX Venture Exchange (TSXV) increasing by 19% and 24%, respectively while trading volumes on Toronto Stock
Exchange (TSX) decreased by 10%. In Canadian derivatives trading, the volume of contracts traded on MX was up 29%
in 2021 compared to 2020.

On TSX, the total amount of financing dollars raised increased by 27% from 2020 to 2021, and the total number of
financings increased by 20% over the same period. On TSXV (including NEX) there was a 66% increase in the total
amount of financing dollars raised, while the total number of financings declined 2% in 2021 over 2020.

On January 26, 2022, the Bank of Canada (the Bank) held its target for the overnight rate at ¼ percent, with the Bank
Rate at ½ percent and the deposit rate at ¼ percent. The Bank removed its exceptional forward guidance on its policy
interest rate. The Bank said the global recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic is strong but uneven. The US economy is
growing robustly while growth in some other regions appears more moderate, especially in China due to current
weakness in its property sector. Strong global demand for goods combined with supply bottlenecks that hinder
production and transportation are pushing up inflation in most regions. As well, oil prices have rebounded to well
above pre-pandemic levels following a decline at the onset of the Omicron variant of COVID-19. Financial conditions
remain broadly accommodative but have tightened with growing expectations that monetary policy will normalize
sooner than was anticipated, and with rising geopolitical tensions. Overall, the Bank projects global GDP growth to
moderate from 6¾ % in 2021 to about 3½ % in 2022 and 2023.

The Bank added that the Omicron variant is weighing on activity in the first quarter. While its economic impact will
depend on how quickly this wave passes, it is expected to be less severe than previous waves. Economic growth is then
expected to bounce back and remain robust over the projection horizon, led by consumer spending on services, and
supported by strength in exports and business investment. After GDP growth of 4½ % in 2021, the Bank expects
Canada’s economy to grow by 4% in 2022 and about 3½ % in 2023.

The Bank also said CPI inflation remains well above the target range and core measures of inflation have edged up since
October. Persistent supply constraints are feeding through to a broader range of goods prices and, combined with
higher food and energy prices, are expected to keep CPI inflation close to 5% in the first half of 2022. As supply
shortages diminish, inflation is expected to decline reasonably quickly to about 3% by the end of this year and then
gradually ease towards the target over the projection period. Near-term inflation expectations have moved up, but

18
   The "Markets Conditions and Outlook" section contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Caution Regarding
Forward-Looking Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainty related to such statements.
19
   Source: IIROC (excluding intentional crosses, includes all Canadian equities).




                                                                                                                           Page 10


                                           2021 Annual Report     18    TMX Group Limited
longer-run expectations remain anchored on the 2% target. The Bank will use its monetary policy tools to ensure that
higher near-term inflation expectations do not become embedded in ongoing inflation.20




20
     Source: Extracted from Bank of Canada press release, January 26, 2022.




                                                                                                                 Page 11


                                               2021 Annual Report      19     TMX Group Limited
OUR BUSINESS

On the following pages, we provide an overview and description of products and services, strategy and revenue
description for each of our segments as outlined below:

    1.   Capital Formation

    2.   Equities and Fixed Income Trading and Clearing

    3.   Derivatives Trading and Clearing

    4.   Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics

                  i. TMX Datalinx

                  ii. Co-location Services

                  iii. Trayport



For key statistics related to each business above, please see Results of Operations.


                                    TMX 2021 Revenue: $980.7 million


                             Equities and Fixed Income
                             Trading and Clearing: 24%


                                                                                   Derivatives Trading and
                                                                                   Clearing: 15%

                                                                                       Other: 0%
            Capital Formation: 26%




                                                                          Global Solutions, Insights
                                                                          and Analytics: 35%




                                                                                                             Page 12


                                         2021 Annual Report    20    TMX Group Limited
Capital Formation


                                          Year Ended December 31, 2021
                                    Capital Formation revenue of $257.7million



                    Other Issuer Services: 19%




                                                                                       Toronto Stock Exchange: 57%
            TSX Venture Exchange: 24%




Overview and Description of Products and Services

Our goal is to provide solutions for corporate clients in need of growth capital and liquidity, and provide investors with a
broad range of investment opportunities.

TMX Group operates a unique two-tiered ecosystem, comprised of Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and TSX Venture
Exchange (TSXV), to help companies access the public markets, raise capital and provide liquidity to shareholders. TSX is
a leading listings venue for established domestic and international issuers. TSXV is the pre-eminent global platform for
facilitating venture stage capital formation.

In general, established issuers initially list on TSX through an Initial Public Offering (IPO), by graduating from TSXV, or by
seeking a secondary listing (to complement an existing listing on another listing venue). Venture stage companies
generally list on TSXV either in connection with an IPO, or through alternative methods such as TSXV’s Capital Pool
Company program or a reverse takeover. We also operate NEX, a market for issuers that have fallen below the listing
standards of TSXV.

Issuers list a number of different types of securities including conventional securities such as common shares, preferred
shares, rights and warrants; and a variety of alternative types of structures such as exchangeable shares, debt or
convertible debt instruments, limited partnership units, ETFs, and structured products such as investment funds.

We are a global leader in listing small and medium-sized businesses with concentration in resource sector listings and a
growing number of innovation companies, including those in the technology, clean technology, renewable energy and
life science sectors. In 2021, we welcomed 449 new listings, of which 110 were innovation companies and 49 were
international (non-Canadian) companies. Issuers listed on TSX and TSXV raised a combined $56.9 billion in 2021 ($45.9
billion on TSX and $11.0 billion on TSXV).

In addition to our listing facilities, we offer other services to our listed issuers. TSX Company Services is focused on
enhancing and expanding our service offering to support the funding, growth, and success of our listed companies.
Together with industry leading service providers, we offer services, solutions and resources designed to help our clients
reach their corporate objectives. Additionally, we provide ESG reporting best practice information, materials and




                                                                                                                           Page 13


                                         2021 Annual Report     21     TMX Group Limited
educational opportunities for our issuers as well as service offerings to help facilitate companies’ ESG disclosures into
leading frameworks and standards for investors.

Within Capital Formation is TSX Trust, second by market share, servicing approximately 31% of listed issuers when
measured by clients on the TSX, TSXV, and Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE). The business supports over 2,500
equity and debt issuers and private companies with corporate trust, transfer agent, registrar and registered plan
services. In August 2021, we acquired AST Canada (see discussion under Initiatives and Accomplishments - Capital Formation
- AST Canada transaction).




Strategy

    •    Leveraging our global presence and channel partners to attract international listings across all sectors

    •    Accelerating growth in targeted sectors (mining, including low-carbon mineral issuers, energy, innovation,
         including clean technology and renewable energy as well as ETF sectors) where we are uniquely positioned

    •    Activating new pools of capital (including sustainable investing capital) in Canada and globally

    •    Accelerating our policy and regulatory advocacy and thought leadership efforts to stimulate investment in the
         public markets, ease regulatory burdens, and promote fairness for public companies

    •    Streamlining and digitizing issuer listing processes to enhance the issuer experience and achieve operational
         excellence

    •    Driving policy innovation

    •    Adapting to the evolving needs of public and private companies (across their business lifecycle) and their
         capital providers by offering new products and services

    •    Providing products, services and tools for issuers to access growth capital as they transition to a sustainable
         economy, and provide transparent disclosure

    •    For TSX Trust, the strategy focuses on three main pillars of growth:

             ◦    Growing from the core - accelerating growth with the acquisition of AST Canada and through product
                  penetration with the expanded product line-up which includes structured finance and equity plan
                  solutions. Under the non-regulated entity of TMX Investor Solutions, we offer ownership Intelligence,
                  asset reunification and AGM services

             ◦    Private markets - continuing to expand the service offering to meet the unique needs of the market
                  including expanding the reach of TMX dealLINX, an automated private placement platform, launched
                  in 2021

             ◦    Corporate, government and infrastructure debt - leveraging the trust license to expand into adjacent
                  markets with recurring revenue and cash balances




                                                                                                                           Page 14


                                          2021 Annual Report     22    TMX Group Limited
Revenue Description

We generate Capital Formation revenue from several fees and services, including:

Initial Listing Fees
TSX and TSXV issuers pay initial listing fees based on the value of the securities to be listed or reserved, subject to
minimum and maximum fees. Initial listing fees fluctuate with the value of securities being listed or reserved at the
time of listing. Revenues from initial listing fees are deferred over a 12-month period from the date of listing.

Additional Listing Fees
Issuers already listed on one of our equity exchanges pay fees in connection with subsequent capital market
transactions, such as the raising of new capital through the sale of additional securities and reserving additional shares
to be issued under stock option plans. Additional listing fees are based on the value of the securities to be listed or
reserved, subject to minimum and maximum fees and are recognized in the period the transaction occurred.

Sustaining Listing Fees21
Issuers listed on one of our equity exchanges pay annual fees to maintain their listing, based on their market
capitalization at the end of the prior calendar year, subject to minimum and maximum fees. Sustaining listing fees for
existing issuers are billed during the first quarter of the year, recorded as deferred revenue and amortized over the
year on a straight-line basis. Sustaining listing fees for new issuers are billed in the quarter after the new listing takes
place, based on their market capitalization on the date of listing, and are amortized over the remainder of the year on a
straight-line basis.

Fees charged to issuers vary based on the type of issuer (corporate, structured product or ETF).

The aggregate market capitalization of issuers listed on TSX increased from $3.4 trillion at the end of 2020 to $4.2
trillion at the end of 2021. The market capitalization of issuers listed on TSXV including NEX increased from $78.4 billion
at the end of 2020 to $102.5 billion at the end of 2021. We estimate that the increase in the total market capitalization
on TSX and TSXV should result in an increase in sustaining listing fee revenue of approximately $3.0 million in 2022.

Other Services
TSX Trust has approximately 1,700 transfer agent clients, and revenue is primarily derived from recurring monthly fees,
related products, and net interest income on cash balances. Corporate trust fees relate to services for approximately
850 clients that include acting as trustee for debt instruments, depository for takeover bid offers, warrant agent,
subscription receipt agent, and agent for voluntary escrow arrangements. TSX Trust launched a new business line in
2020 with its introduction of a Registered Plans custody service to non-bank broker dealers that continues to gather
assets. In 2021, TSX Trust launched a virtual AGM product and TMX dealLINX. The additional products and services
that have come through the acquisition of AST Canada including Equity Plan Solutions and Structured Finance (current
offering is National Housing Act Mortgage Backed Security (NHA MBS) document custody and mortgage title custodian
services to NHA MBS Issuers, mortgage lenders and investors) will continue to enhance TSX Trust’s competitiveness.
Other services are offered through TMX Investor Solutions. TSX Trust benefits from periodic and large cash balances
that are held in its trust account, which results in net interest income. Based on CAD and USD year end balances at
December 31, 2021, a 25 basis points movement in the interest rate corresponds to approximately $2.7 million of
revenue in TSX Trust (including AST Canada). Actual revenue for future periods will also depend on activity in those
quarters.




21
  The "Sustaining Listing" section above contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Caution Regarding Forward-
Looking Information" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties related to such statements.




                                                                                                                             Page 15


                                            2021 Annual Report     23     TMX Group Limited
Equities and Fixed Income Trading & Clearing


                                      Year ended December 31, 2021
                 Equities and Fixed Income Trading and Clearing revenue of $235.9 million




            Equities and fixed income
            clearing, settlement,                                                   Equities and fixed income
            depository and other                                                    trading: 53%
            services (CDS): 47%




Equities and Fixed Income Trading – TSX, TSXV, Alpha and Shorcan

Overview and Description of Products and Services

We operate innovative, efficient, reliable, high performance platforms for trading and clearing.

Equities Trading
TSX, TSXV and Alpha operate fully electronic exchanges that facilitate secondary trading in TSX and TSXV-listed
securities on a continuous auction basis throughout the trading day.

Retail, institutional and other proprietary investors and traders place orders to buy or sell securities through
Participating Organizations (POs)/Members of the exchanges. In addition to continuous trading throughout the day,
TSX and TSXV also operate opening and closing auctions, which are central sources of liquidity for trading in Canada
during those times. The closing auctions also establish the industry benchmark closing price for our listed securities. A
post-closing trading session on TSX and TSXV allows for further opportunity to trade at the closing price. Additional
trading features and functionalities are offered to accommodate a range of trading strategies and provide flexibility and
optionality to clients. Each of TSX, TSXV and Alpha also allow POs to report their internally matched orders, by printing
them as crosses on the exchanges at no cost.

Fixed Income Trading
Shorcan acts as an inter-dealer bond broker (IDB) that specializes in the Canadian fixed income marketplace, brokering
products that include Government of Canada, provincial, corporate, strip, and mortgage bonds, repurchase agreements
(repos) and swaps. Shorcan serves financial institutions that are broker-dealers registered with IIROC and that are CDCC
members; the buy-side does not participate. Inter-dealer brokers can be accessed via broker screens that run on
desktop computers at a trader’s desk or via voice lines.




                                                                                                                     Page 16


                                         2021 Annual Report    24    TMX Group Limited
Strategy

Equities Trading
    •   Continue to deploy innovative trading features and functionalities aimed at enhancing market efficiency and
        trading liquidity

    •   Continue to maintain leading market share

Fixed income Trading
    •   Maintain market leading position in Canada trading

    •   Continue to grow our Canadian swaps business



Revenue Description

Equities Trading
Most of the fees on TSX, TSXV and Alpha are volume-based. These fees are applied to traded shares, and in most cases,
involve one side of the trade being charged a per share fee and the other side being provided with a per share rebate.
The excess of the fee over the rebate represents the exchanges' net fee per share traded. These types of models are
intended to incent different types of customers and behaviors. The primary fee structure on TSX and TSXV is a maker-
taker model that pays a rebate to the liquidity providing side of the trade so that market participants have an incentive
to enter passive orders into the central limit order book, while the liquidity taking side of the trade pays a fee. Alpha
supports an inverted pricing model which is intended to provide incentives to take liquidity by providing a rebate, with
the liquidity providing side of the trade paying the fee. Regardless of the fee structure applied, trading revenue is
recognized in the month in which the trade is executed.

Fixed Income Trading
Shorcan charges broker commissions on both sides of the trade upon execution. Shorcan broker commission varies by
different types of instruments and by execution method, voice vs. electronic.




Equities and Fixed Income Clearing, Settlement, Depository and Other Services - CDS

Overview and Description of Products and Services

CDS is Canada's national securities depository, clearing and settlement hub for domestic and cross-border depository-
eligible securities. CDS supports Canada's equities, fixed income and money markets and is accountable for the safe
custody and movement of securities, the processing of post-trade transactions, and the collection and distribution of
entitlements relating to securities deposited by participants.

CDS’s domestic clearing and settlement services enable participants to report, confirm or match, reconcile, net and
settle exchange and OTC traded equity, debt and money market transactions, as well as derivative transactions in
depository-eligible securities (e.g., the processing of rights and warrants and the settlement of exercised options). CDS
also offers related services such as buy-ins, risk controls and reporting, and facilitates trading in CDSX (CDS’s
multilateral clearing and settlement system) eligible securities before they are publicly distributed (trades in these
securities settle after public distribution). CDSX is designated by the Bank of Canada as being systemically important,
under the Payment Clearing and Settlement Act (Canada).




                                                                                                                     Page 17


                                         2021 Annual Report    25    TMX Group Limited
CDS Depository is accountable for the safe custody and movement of depository-eligible domestic and international
securities, accurate record-keeping, processing post-trade transactions, and collecting and distributing entitlements
arising from securities deposited by participants.

Other CDS services include, the issuance of International Security Identification Numbers (ISINs), depository eligibility,
securities registration as well as entitlement and corporate action (E&CA) event management.



Strategy

TMX Group is implementing a post-trade services strategy to replace the existing clearing, settlement and custody
system at CDS. In 2021, the development and internal testing of the system was substantially completed and testing
with participants is expected to commence in Q2/22. Under this strategy, TMX Group will continue to invest in
modernizing core technology and developing growth opportunities for the business under these main focuses:

    •    Clearing and Depository: Develop and migrate to an advanced clearing, settlement, and risk management
         solution, to deliver enhanced client experiences at higher efficiency (see INITIATIVES AND
         ACCOMPLISHMENTS - Update on Modernization of CDS Clearing Platform).

    •    Global Liquidity Solutions: Provide streamlined access to funding and margining, and continue growth in Repo
         central-counterparties offering.

    •    Global Connectivity Solutions: Create access gateways that connect global clients within an increasingly global
         marketplace such as the CDS-DTCC (The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation) link and collateral
         optimization opportunities in conjunction with the CDS participant base and their clients.



Revenue Description

For reported trades, both exchange traded and OTC trades, CDS charges clearing fees to participants on a per trade
basis. Clearing fees are recognized as follows:

    •    Reporting fees are recognized when the trades are delivered to CDS.

    •    Netting/novation fees are recognized when the trades are netted and novated.

Other clearing-related fees are recognized when services are performed.

For those trades that are netted in Continuous Net Settlement (CNS), settlement fees are charged on the basis of the
number of netted trades settled. Settlement fees for those trades that are not netted (i.e., trades that are settled
individually on a trade-for-trade (TFT) basis) are charged on a per transaction basis. Settlement-related fees are
recognized when the trades are settled.

Depository fees are charged per transaction and custody fees are charged based on a daily average of volume (i.e.,
number of shares held for equity securities and nominal value held for fixed income securities) and positions held.
Depository fees are charged for custody of securities, depository related activities, and processing of entitlement and
corporate actions, and are recognized when the services are performed.

International revenue consists of revenue generated through offering links as channels to participants to effect cross-
border transactions and custodial relationships with other international organizations. The related fees are recognized
as follows:




                                                                                                                      Page 18


                                         2021 Annual Report     26    TMX Group Limited
    •    Fees are charged to participants based on participant usage of National Securities Clearing Corporation (NSCC)
         and Depository Trust Company (DTC) services. Participants are sponsored into NSCC and DTC services via the
         New York Link service and the DTC Direct Link service respectively.

    •    Custodial fees and other international services related revenues are recognized when the services are
         performed.

Issuer services fees are fees levied to issuers and/or their agents for ISIN, and entitlements and corporate actions
management services for which they benefit.

50:50 Rebates on Core CDS Services
For the period starting November 1, 2012 and subsequent fiscal years starting on January 1, 2013, CDS shares with
participants, on a 50:50 basis, any annual increases in revenue on clearing and other core CDS Clearing services, as
compared with revenues in fiscal year 2012 (the 12-month period ending October 31, 2012). Beginning January 1, 2015
and subsequent years, CDS also shares with Participants, on a 50:50 basis, any annual increases in revenue applicable
to the New York Link/Depository Trust Company Direct Link Liquidity Premium. Rebates are paid on a pro rata basis to
participants in accordance with the fees paid by such participants for these services. Effective August 1, 2021, as a
result of New York Link fee change, the pass through liquidity facility fees are no longer subject to 50:50 rebate.

Additional Rebates
In addition, CDS must rebate an additional $4.0 million annually to participants in respect of exchange clearing services
for trades conducted on an exchange or alternative trading systems (ATS).

In December 2019, CDS filed a proposal to make two changes to the existing fee model. The first and most significant
change was the proposal to modify its fee model by eliminating the rebates that are paid annually to participants based
on their respective use of CDS services. The second change was the elimination of network connectivity fees currently
paid by participants.

CDS published an amended proposal In Q1/21, which included two changes to the original application:

    •    CDS is proposing to cease charging for reports that it transmits to participants. These report fees generated
         $1.2 million of revenue in 2021. The elimination of the report fees are in addition to the originally proposed
         elimination of network connectivity fees which were $2.0 million in 2021.

    •    CDS is proposing to modify the effective date of the proposed rebate elimination to coincide with the
         Modernization of Clearing Platforms launch which is expected to be in 1H/23 (See Initiatives and
         Accomplishments - Update on Modernization of CDS Clearing Platform).

The elimination of the rebates is being proposed to partially offset the significant investment required to modernize
CDS technology, and to ensure adequate funding of ongoing future technology upgrades, while enabling us to earn an
appropriate rate of return on our capital investments. The elimination of network connectivity fees and report fees is
intended to enable participants to obtain a further netting benefit as against the impact of the rebate elimination.

For the five-year period from 2017 to 2021 inclusive, CDS rebated an average of approximately $12.1 million annually.
In 2021, CDS rebated $18.3 million reflecting increased volumes.

The above proposals are all subject to further public comment and regulatory approval.




                                                                                                                      Page 19


                                         2021 Annual Report     27    TMX Group Limited
Derivatives Trading and Clearing

Derivatives Trading and Clearing – MX, CDCC and BOX

Overview and Description of Products and Services

Our domestic financial derivatives trading is conducted through MX, Canada’s standardized financial derivatives
exchange. Headquartered in Montréal, MX offers trading in interest rate, index, equity and currency derivatives. BOX is
an equity options market located in the U.S and as at December 31, 2021, MX held approximately 42.6% ownership
interest in BOX.

Derivatives - Trading

MX

MX offers interest rate, index, equity and currency derivatives to Canadian and international market participants. MX
connects participants to its derivatives markets, builds business relationships with them and works with them to ensure
that the derivatives offerings meet investor needs. In 2021, approximately 53% of MX’s volume was represented by
four futures contracts – the Three-Month Canadian Bankers’ Acceptance Futures contract (BAX), the 5-Year
Government of Canada Bond Futures contract (CGF), the 10-Year Government of Canada Bond Futures contract (CGB)
and the S&P/TSX 60 Standard Futures contract (SXF) – with the balance largely represented by our equity and ETF
options market.



BOX

BOX (BOX Holdings Group LLC and BOX Exchange LLC) is an all-electronic equity derivatives market and is one of a
number of equity options markets in the U.S. All BOX trade volume is cleared through the Options Clearing
Corporation. See discussion under Initiatives and Accomplishments - Derivatives Trading and Clearing - BOX.



Derivatives – Clearing
CDCC acts as the central clearing counterparty for exchange-traded derivative products in Canada and for a growing
range of customized financial instruments. CDCC’s role is to ensure the integrity and stability of the markets that it
supports. CDCC provides central clearing counterparty (CCP) clearing and settlement services for all MX transactions
and certain over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives, including fixed income repurchase and reverse repurchase agreement
(REPO) transactions. In addition, CDCC is the issuer of options traded on MX markets.

CDCC is an integrated central clearing counterparty in North America that clears and settles futures, options and
options on futures. The Canadian Derivatives Clearing Service (CDCS) operated by CDCC has been designated by the
Bank of Canada as being a systemically important financial market infrastructure under the Payment Clearing and
Settlement Act (Canada).

CDCC generates revenue from clearing and settlement, as well as from options and futures exercise activities (see
Revenue Description section below).




                                                                                                                    Page 20


                                        2021 Annual Report    28    TMX Group Limited
Derivatives – Regulatory Division
MX is recognized by the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) as a Self-Regulatory Organization (SRO) that has
responsibility for maintaining the transparency, credibility and integrity of the exchange-traded derivatives market in
Canada. MX’s Regulatory Division oversees the regulatory functions. It is responsible for the regulation of its markets
and its trading participants.

The Regulatory Division operates as a separate and independent unit of MX. It is subject to the oversight of MX’s
Special Committee – Regulatory Division. The Special Committee – Regulatory Division, which is appointed by the
Board of Directors of MX, is composed of a majority of independent members, none of whom is a member of the Board
of Directors of MX or CDCC. The Regulatory Division operations are self-funded and are carried out on a not-for-profit
basis.

The Regulatory Division generates revenue from regulatory fees principally comprised of market surveillance fees
collected by MX on behalf of its Regulatory Division. Market regulation fees are recognized in the month in which the
services are provided.

Any surplus in the Regulatory Division must be, subject to the approval of the Special Committee – Regulatory Division,
redistributed to MX’s approved participants and any shortfall must be made up by a special assessment by MX’s
participants or by MX upon recommendation of the Special Committee – Regulatory Division. Regulatory fines are
accounted for separately from regulatory fees revenues. The regulatory fines can be used only for specifically
approved purposes, such as educational initiatives.



Strategy

MX sales and business development efforts will focus on:

    •   Continuation of global expansion through trading hours and access expansion

    •   Introduction of new client-focused products and services with new offerings to unlock the yield curve and
        further build out the equities derivatives complex

CDCC strengthens and supports Derivatives markets growth with trusted, deep post-trade capabilities. Enhancements
of CDCC’s products and services will focus on:

    •   Supporting a vertically-integrated introduction of new derivatives products and services

    •   Providing efficient international access to a global pool of traders and asset owners

    •   Upgrading operational, risk and regulatory compliance capabilities

    •   Complementing the Derivatives ecosystem with an expanded REPO facility



Revenue Description

Those who trade on MX are charged fees for buying and selling derivatives products on a per transaction basis,
determined by factors that include contract type and volume of contracts traded. Since MX trading fee rates are
charged on each transaction based on the number of contracts included in each transaction, MX trading revenue is
largely correlated to the volume of contracts traded on the derivatives market, but may be impacted by variations in
client mix and product mix. Derivatives trading revenue is recognized in the month in which the trade is executed.




                                                                                                                    Page 21


                                        2021 Annual Report     29    TMX Group Limited
CDCC clearing members (Clearing Members) pay fees for clearing and settlement, including OTC fixed income and REPO
transactions, on a per transaction basis. Fees for fixed income transactions are based on the size and term of the
original agreement. Clearing Members are also eligible for a revenue sharing arrangement based on annual cleared
volumes of REPO transactions. Clearing and settlement revenues other than for REPO transactions are correlated to
the trading volume of such products and therefore fluctuate based on the same factors that affect our derivatives
trading volume. Revenue is recognized as performance obligations are satisfied; this occurs within a short period of
time. Clearing revenue for fixed income REPO agreements is recognized on the novation date of the related
transaction.


Global Solutions, Insights, and Analytics (GSIA)


                                           Year ended December 31, 2021
                                            GSIA revenue $344.6 million

                                              Other: 4%

               Index (incl. Benchmarks): 5%

                        Co-location: 6%
                          Feeds: 12%
                                                                                    Trayport: 44%




                    Subscribers & Usage: 30%




Overview and Description of Products and Services

We deliver data to fuel high-value proprietary and third party analytics to help clients make better trading and
investment decisions, and provide solutions to European wholesale energy markets for price discovery, trade execution,
post-trade transparency, and post-trade straight through processing.

TMX Datalinx

Real-Time Equity Market Data Products – TSX and TSXV Level 1 and Level 2 and Alpha Feeds
Trading activity on TSX, TSXV and Alpha produces a stream of real-time data reflecting orders and executed
transactions. This stream of data is supplemented with value-added content (e.g. dividends, earnings) and packaged by
TMX Datalinx, our information services division, into real-time market data products and delivered to end users directly
or via Canadian and global redistributors that sell data as feeds and for desktop product use. Our market data is
available globally through a large number of network carriers and extranets.

We offer our subscribers Level 1, and Level 2 real-time services for TSX, TSXV and Alpha. Level 1 provides trades,
quotes, corporate actions and index level information. Level 2 provides a more in-depth look at the order book and




                                                                                                                     Page 22


                                          2021 Annual Report   30    TMX Group Limited
allows distributors to obtain Market Book for TSX, TSXV and Alpha. Market Book is an end-user display service that
includes Market-by-Price, Market-by-Order and Market Depth by Broker for all committed orders and trades.

We also provide market participants with low-latency access to real-time Level 1 and Level 2 market data consolidated
to include all domestic equities marketplaces, by way of our TMX Information Processor Consolidated Data Feed (CDF),
Canadian Best Bid and Offer (CBBO), Consolidated Last Sale (CLS), and Consolidated Depth of Book (CDB) services. Our
Information Processor mandate from securities regulators was approved in June 2018 for an additional four year
period.

Real-Time Derivative Market Data Products
We also derive data revenue from MX. Similarly to equities markets, we distribute MX real-time Level 1, and Level 2
trading data to market participants on a global basis directly and through data distributors.

Historical, Online, and Other Market Data Products
Historical market data products include market information such as historical tick data, official market statistics and
close prices and corporate information such as dividends and corporate actions used in research, analysis and trade
clearing, including via TMX Analytics product suites to enable increased usability for clients.

Equities and Derivatives - Index Products
We have an arrangement with S&P Dow Jones Indices (S&P DJI) under which we share license fees received from
organizations that create products, such as mutual funds and ETFs, based on the S&P/TSX indices22. In general, these
license fees are based on a percentage of funds under management in respect of these proprietary products. The multi-
year Index Operation and License Agreement between TSX Inc. and S&P DJI covers the creation and publication of all
S&P/TSX indices22, while also providing MX with the rights to list futures and options on the S&P/TSX indices22.

Enterprise non-professional (non-pro) fee discount program

Under this program we introduced tiered discounts for clients based on the total amount spent on all non-pro TSX and
TSXV products and a fee cap after a specific spend limit has been reached. As of December 31, 2021, we have 12
clients in the program including the six largest Canadian banks.

TMX Datalinx Xpress
TMX Datalinx Xpress is our new approach to market data audits. The Xpress program was designed to ensure that the
clients and TMX Group have a common ongoing understanding around data feed usage, pricing and policies, and to
ensure that the administration of the prior approval, contracts, entitlements, reporting, and billing are all completed as
effortlessly as possible. After the introduction of TMX Datalinx Xpress in 2019, this optional program now has over 200
participants.

Co-location Services

We provide co-location services to a broad range of domestic and international market participants. Our co-location
services clients benefit from stable, low-latency access to TSX, TSXV, Alpha, and MX trading engines and market data
feeds, as well as access to other capital market clients, financial content providers, and technology providers.




22
  The S&P/TSX indices are a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (“SPDJI”) and TSX Inc. (“TSX”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are
registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones
Trademark Holdings LLC and TSX® is a registered trademark of TSX.




                                                                                                                            Page 23


                                           2021 Annual Report      31    TMX Group Limited
Trayport

Trayport is the primary connectivity network and data and analytics platform for the European wholesale energy
markets. Trayport's solutions provide price discovery, trade execution, post-trade transparency, and post-trade
straight through processing.



Strategy

TMX Datalinx

    •   Go to market with innovations in product pricing and packaging and secure multiple-year pricing agreements

    •   Expand our suite of multi-asset class, real time and historical data and analytics products

    •   Capture the global addressable market for TMX Group content and products

    •   Provide new distribution platforms for TMX Group proprietary content

Trayport

Trayport intends to focus on capitalizing on four macro themes in the global energy markets that present growth
opportunities in both new markets and in new services to existing clients:

    •   Leverage increasing demand for data and analytics, and provide a new analytic interface and new applications
        giving clients the ability to mine critical data sets

    •   Provide enhanced execution, data and analytics to both new and existing clients globally who need to access
        developing gas markets. Trayport clients will have one of the most complete views and trading access to the
        rapidly growing global gas market

    •   Leverage new technologies to drive automation and efficiency as business processes become digitized. This
        will enable Trayport to deliver increased value along the full trade lifecycle by increasing data and analytics
        tools available for OTC markets and facilitating broker expansion into new asset classes and geographies

    •   The rise of renewable energy sources is having an increasing impact on energy generation and trading.
        Trayport will help clients meet the increasing demand in spot power and gas markets with new trading tools,
        services and products



Revenue Description

TMX Datalinx

Subscribers generally pay fixed monthly rates for access to real-time streaming data, which differ depending on the
depth of information accessed. In addition to streaming data, many individual investors consume real-time quote data,
for which we charge on a per quote basis. We charge market data vendors and direct feed clients a fixed monthly fee
for access to data feeds.

Real-time market data revenue is recognized based on usage as reported by customers and vendors, less a provision for
sales allowances from the same customers. Other Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics revenue is recognized when
the services are provided.




                                                                                                                          Page 24


                                        2021 Annual Report     32    TMX Group Limited
Generally, we sell historical data products for a fixed amount per product accessed. Fees vary depending on the type of
end use.

Co-location Services

Subscribers to TMX Group’s co-location services, pay a fixed monthly fee depending on the number of cabinets and
other related services they receive. Co-location services are normally contracted for a period of one to five years.

Trayport

Trayport subscribers pay a monthly rate for access to the platform. While some customers are on multi-year contracts,
the average term is about one year.



In 2021, approximately 45% of our GSIA (excluding Trayport) revenue was billed in U.S. dollars, and approximately 90%
of our Trayport revenue was billed in British Pound Sterling. We do not currently hedge this revenue and therefore it is
subject to foreign exchange fluctuations. (For details, see Financial Risk Management - Market Risk - Foreign Currency
Risk.)




                                                                                                                       Page 25


                                         2021 Annual Report    33    TMX Group Limited
Non-GAAP Measures

Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for AST Canada, and adjusted net income are
non-GAAP measures23, and adjusted earnings per share, adjusted diluted earnings per share, and adjusted earnings per
share CAGR are non-GAAP ratios24, and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by GAAP and are, therefore,
unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.

Management uses these measures, and excludes certain items, because it believes doing so provides investors a more
effective analysis of underlying operating and financial performance, including, in some cases, our ability to generate
cash. Management also uses these measures to more effectively measure performance over time, and excluding these
items increases comparability across periods. The exclusion of certain items does not imply that they are non-recurring
or not useful to investors.

We present adjusted earnings per share, adjusted diluted earnings per share, and adjusted net income to indicate
ongoing financial performance from period to period, exclusive of a number of adjustments as outlined under the
heading "Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share Reconciliation for 2021 and 2020".

We have also presented adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for AST Canada for the
twelve months ended June 30, 2020 and 2021 to indicate financial performance, exclusive of pre-acquisition indirect
allocations (indirect corporate costs including legal fees and consulting fees) from parent company for AST Canada.

We have also presented long term adjusted EPS CAGR as a financial objective which is the growth rate in adjusted
diluted earnings per share over time, exclusive of adjustments that impact the comparability of adjusted EPS from
period to period, including those outlined under the heading "Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share
Reconciliation for 2021 and 2020". The adjusted EPS CAGR is based on the assumptions outlined under the heading
"Caution Regarding Forward Looking Information - Assumptions related to long term financial objectives".




23
     As defined in National Instrument 52-112 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure.
24
     As defined in National Instrument 52-112 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure.




                                                                                                                    Page 26


                                             2021 Annual Report      34    TMX Group Limited
Year ended December 31, 2021 (2021) Compared with Year ended December 31, 2020 (2020)

The information below reflects the financial statements of TMX Group for 2021 compared with 2020.

(in millions of dollars, except per                  2021                 2020               $ increase       % increase
share amounts)

Revenue                                             $980.7                $865.1               $115.6            13%
Operating expenses                                   489.5                449.2                 40.3             9%
Income from operations                               491.2                415.9                 75.3             18%
Net income                                           338.5                279.7                 58.8             21%
Adjusted net income25                                401.2                334.9                 66.3             20%

Earnings per share
      Basic                                          6.03                  4.96                 1.07             22%
      Diluted                                        5.99                  4.91                 1.08             22%
                                 26
Adjusted Earnings per share
      Basic                                          7.14                  5.93                 1.21             20%
      Diluted                                        7.10                  5.88                 1.22             21%

Cash flows from operating activities                 441.4                412.2                 29.2             7%




Net Income and Earnings per Share

Net income in 2021 was $338.5 million, or $6.03 per common share on a basic and $5.99 per common share on a
diluted basis, compared with a net income of $279.7 million, or $4.96 per common share on a basic and $4.91 on a
diluted basis, for 2020. The increase in net income reflected an increase in income from operations of $75.3 million.
The increase in income from operations from 2020 to 2021 was driven by an increase in revenue of $115.6 million,
which included $13.7 million related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021), slightly offset by an increase in
operating expenses of $40.3 million. The increase in operating expenses included approximately $21.9 million of
expenses included in 2021 related to AST Canada, including $2.0 million related to amortization of acquired intangibles
(3 cents per basic and diluted share), $2.0 million related to the TSA, acquisition and related costs of $3.1 million (5
cents per basic and diluted share), as well as integration costs of $3.4 million (4 cents per basic and diluted share). In
2021, we also incurred a $19.6 million (35 cents per basic and diluted share) increase in income tax expenses relating to
the previously announced increase in the U.K. corporate income tax rate.

These increases in operating expenses were somewhat offset by $12.4 million (16 cents per basic and diluted share) of
net litigation settlement costs in 2020. We also incurred $1.7 million (3 cents per basic and diluted share) in acquisition
and related costs related to AST Canada in 2020. In 2021, there was a $3.9 million reduction to income tax expenses
related to TMX Atrium Wireless (sold April 2017), including a $2.9 million (5 cents per basic and diluted share) reversal
of a deferred tax asset write-off from 2017. There was also an increase in our share of income from BOX partially offset
by higher net finance cost. The increase in earnings per share was also partially attributable to a decrease in the
number of weighted average common shares outstanding from 2020 to 2021.




25
     Adjusted net income is a non-GAAP measure, see discussion under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures".
26
     Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP ratio, see discussion under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures".




                                                                                                                           Page 27


                                              2021 Annual Report     35     TMX Group Limited
Adjusted Net Income27 and Adjusted Earnings per Share28 Reconciliation for 2021 and 2020

The following tables present reconciliations of net income to adjusted net income and earnings per share to adjusted
earnings per share. The financial results have been adjusted for the following:

       1.   The amortization expenses of intangible assets in 2020 and 2021 related to the Maple transaction (TSX, TSXV,
            MX, CDS, Alpha, Shorcan), TSX Trust, Trayport (including Visotech and Tradesignal), and AST Canada; and is a
            component of Depreciation and amortization expenses.

       2.   An increase in deferred income tax liabilities in 2020 and 2021 relating to a change in the U.K. corporate
            income tax rate effective April 1, 2023. This increase in deferred income tax liabilities is included in Income tax
            expense, see Additional Information - Income tax expense and effective tax rate for more details.

       3.   Acquisition and related costs in 2020 associated with acquiring AST Canada, and 2021 associated with
            acquiring AST Canada and Tradesignal. These costs are included in Selling general, and administration and
            Compensation and benefits.

       4.   Integration costs related to integrating the AST Canada acquisition in 2021. These costs are included in Selling,
            general and administration and Compensation and benefits.

       5.   A reduction in commodity tax provision of $1.5 million in 2020, and is included in Selling general and
            administration.

       6.   A net litigation settlement cost of $12.4 million incurred in 2020, and is included in Selling general and
            administration

       7.   A reversal of a $2.9 million write-off of deferred income tax assets in 2017 related to TMX Atrium Wireless
            (sold April 2017) in 2021. This increase in deferred income tax assets is included in Income tax expense, see
            Additional Information - Income tax expense and effective tax rate for more details.




27
     Adjusted net income is a non-GAAP measure, see discussion under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures".
28
     Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP ratio, see discussion under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures".




                                                                                                                           Page 28


                                             2021 Annual Report     36    TMX Group Limited
                                        Pre-tax                   Tax                               After-tax

(in millions of dollars)                                                                             $ increase /   % increase /
                                   2021       2020       2021           2020      2021     2020
(unaudited)                                                                                          (decrease)      (decrease)
Net income                                                                        $338.5   $279.7       $58.8            21%
Adjustments related to:
     Amortization of
     intangibles related to        49.9       47.4        9.4           9.3        40.5     38.1          2.4             6%
     acquisitions
     Increase in deferred
     income tax liabilities
     relating to a change in        —             —      (19.6)         (7.4)      19.6      7.4         12.2            165%
     the future U.K. tax rate
     Acquisition and related
     costs29                        3.4           1.7     0.4            —         3.0       1.7          1.3            76%

     Integration costs30            3.4           —       0.9            —         2.5       —            2.5             n/a
     Reduction in commodity
     tax provision                  —         (1.5)        —            (0.4)       —       (1.1)         1.1           (100%)
     Net litigation settlement
     costs                          —         12.4         —            3.3         —        9.1         (9.1)          (100%)
     Reversal of a previous
     write-off of deferred          —             —       2.9            —         (2.9)     —           (2.9)            n/a
     income tax assets31
Adjusted net income32                                                             $401.2   $334.9       $66.3            20%

Adjusted net income increased by 20% from $334.9 million in 2020 to $401.2 million in 2021 largely driven by increased
revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses. There was also an increase in our share of income from BOX
partially offset by higher net finance costs.




29
   Includes costs related to the acquisitions of AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021) and Tradesignal (acquired June 1, 2021) in
2020 and 2021. See Initiatives and Accomplishments - Capital Formation - AST Canada transaction and Initiatives and
Accomplishments - Global Solutions, Insights & Analytics - Tradesignal transaction for more details.
30
   Includes costs related to the integration of AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021). See Initiatives and Accomplishments - Capital
Formation - AST Canada transaction for more details.
31
   Related to TMX Atrium Wireless (sold April 2017).
32
   Adjusted net income is a non-GAAP measure, see discussion under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures".




                                                                                                                                 Page 29


                                             2021 Annual Report         37      TMX Group Limited
                                                                                 2021                            2020

(unaudited)                                                             Basic           Diluted         Basic           Diluted
Earnings per share                                                      $6.03            $5.99          $4.96            $4.91
Adjustments related to:
     Amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions                0.72             0.72            0.67            0.67
     Increase in deferred income tax liabilities relating to a          0.35             0.35            0.13            0.13
     change in the future U.K. tax rate

     Acquisition and related costs33                                    0.05             0.05            0.03            0.03

     Integration costs34                                                0.04             0.04             —               —

     Reduction in commodity tax provision                                 —               —             (0.02)          (0.02)

     Net litigation settlement costs                                      —               —              0.16            0.16

     Reversal of a previous write-off of deferred income tax
     assets35                                                           (0.05)          (0.05)            —               —
                              36
Adjusted earnings per share                                             $7.14            $7.10          $5.93            $5.88
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                 56,098,460      56,474,945      56,425,302      56,950,290


Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased by 21% from $5.88 in 2020 to $7.10 in 2021 largely driven by increased
revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses. There was also an increase in our share of income from BOX
partially offset by higher net finance costs. The increase in adjusted earnings per share was also partially attributable
to a decrease in the number of weighted average common shares outstanding from 2020 to 2021.




33
   Includes costs related to the acquisitions of AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021) and Tradesignal (acquired June 1, 2021) in
2021. See Initiatives and Accomplishments - Capital Formation - AST Canada transaction and Initiatives and Accomplishments -
Global Solutions, Insights & Analytics - Tradesignal transaction for more details.
34
   Includes costs related to the integration of AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021). See Initiatives and Accomplishments - Capital
Formation - AST Canada transaction for more details.
35
   Related to TMX Atrium Wireless (sold April 2017).
36
    Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP ratio, see discussion under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures".




                                                                                                                                  Page 30


                                             2021 Annual Report      38       TMX Group Limited
Revenue


(in millions of dollars)                          2021                2020             $ increase          % increase


    Capital Formation                            $257.7               $189.0              $68.7                36%
    Equities and Fixed Income Trading             235.9               226.2                 9.7                4%
    and Clearing
    Derivatives Trading and Clearing              142.5               126.2                 16.3               13%
    Global Solutions, Insights and                344.6               323.7                 20.9               6%
    Analytics
    Other                                          —                    —                   —                  n/a
                                                 $980.7               $865.1             $115.6                13%

Revenue was $980.7 million in 2021 up $115.6 million or 13% compared with $865.1 million in 2020 attributable to
increases in revenue from Capital Formation, Equities Trading, CDS, Derivatives Trading and Clearing as well as Global
Solutions, Insights and Analytics, partially offset by a decrease in Fixed Income Trading revenue.



Capital Formation


(in millions of dollars)                          2021                2020             $ increase          % increase


    Initial listing fees                          $21.7               $10.1               $11.6               115%
    Additional listing fees                       108.2                81.8                 26.4               32%
    Sustaining listing fees                       77.0                 69.3                 7.7                11%
    Other issuer services                         50.8                 27.8                 23.0               83%
                                                 $257.7               $189.0              $68.7                36%

•      Initial listing fees in 2021 increased from 2020 due to a rise in the amount of deferred initial listing fee revenue
       recognized in 2021 compared with 2020 on both TSX and TSXV. We recognized initial listing fees received in 2020
       and 2021 of $20.0 million in 2021 compared with initial listing fees received in 2019 and 2020 of $8.9 million in
       2020.

•      Based on initial listing fees billed in 2020 and 2021, the following amounts have been deferred to be recognized in
       Q1/22, Q2/22, Q3/22 and Q4/22: $5.0 million, $3.3 million, $1.8 million and $0.5 million respectively. Total initial
       listing fees revenue for future quarters will also depend on listing activity in those quarters.

•      Additional listing fees in 2021 increased compared to 2020 reflecting an increase in additional listing fee revenue
       on TSX and TSXV where there was an increase in both the number of financings and total financing dollars raised.
       The increase in additional listing fee revenue on TSX reflected an increase of 44% in the number of transactions
       billed at the maximum listing fee of $250,000 from 2020 to 2021, and an 11% increase in the number of
       transactions billed below the maximum fee.




                                                                                                                        Page 31


                                           2021 Annual Report    39     TMX Group Limited
•      Issuers listed on TSX and TSXV pay annual sustaining listing fees primarily based on their market capitalization at
       the end of the prior calendar year, subject to minimum and maximum fees. There was an increase in sustaining
       listing fees on both TSX and TSXV from 2020 to 2021 reflecting an increase in the market capitalization of issuers at
       December 31, 2020 compared with December 31, 2019.

•      Other issuer services revenue in 2021 was higher compared to 2020 primarily due to increased revenue from TSX
       Trust from higher transfer agent fee revenue, and increases in corporate trust, margin income and recoverable
       revenue. Approximately $13.7 million of revenue related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021) was included
       for 2021. Excluding AST Canada, Other issuer services revenue was up 33% in 2021 compared with 2020.




Equities and Fixed Income Trading and Clearing


                                                                                       $ increase /        % increase /
(in millions of dollars)                          2021                 2020            (decrease)           (decrease)

Equities and fixed income trading                $125.6                $127.0             ($1.4)               (1)%
Equities and fixed Income clearing,
settlement, depository and other                  110.3                 99.2                 11.1              11%
services (CDS)
                                                 $235.9                $226.2                $9.7               4%


•      CDS revenue increased from 2020 to 2021 reflecting higher clearing and settlement revenue due to higher
       volumes, increased depository fee revenue, event management related fees, international revenue, and higher
       revenue from account transfer online notifications. The increases in revenue were partially offset by higher
       rebates and lower network fees.

•      There was lower fixed income trading revenue from 2020 to 2021 reflecting decreased activity in swaps and
       Government of Canada bonds. Equities Trading revenue increased slightly in 2021 compared with 2020 driven by
       higher volumes largely offset by a change in product mix.

•      The overall volume of securities traded on our equities marketplaces increased by 2% (190.9 billion securities in
       2021 versus 186.4 billion securities in 2020). There were increases in volumes of 24% on TSXV and 19% on Alpha,
       while volumes on TSX decreased by 10% in 2021 compared with 2020.

•      Excluding intentional crosses, for TSX and TSXV listed issues, our combined domestic equities trading market share
       was approximately 65% in 2021, down 2% from 67% in 2020.37 We only trade securities that are listed on TSX or
       TSXV.

•      Excluding intentional crosses, in all listed issues in Canada, our combined domestic equities trading market share
       was 53% in 2021, down 6% from 59% in 202038.




37
     Source: IIROC.
38
     Source: IIROC.




                                                                                                                          Page 32


                                           2021 Annual Report     40     TMX Group Limited
Derivatives Trading and Clearing


(in millions of dollars)                            2021                  2020              $ increase            % increase


                                                   $142.5                 $126.2              $16.3                  13%

•      The increase in revenue was driven by a 14% increase in revenue from MX and CDCC. While volumes on MX were
       up 29% from 2020 to 2021 (150.0 million contracts traded in 2021 versus 115.9 million contracts traded in 2020),
       there was lower revenue per contract reflecting changes in client mix and product mix. In 2021, there was an
       increase in high volume traders which resulted in lower revenue per contract. In addition, the volume increase
       was partially driven by contracts with lower yields such as single stock futures.

•      There was reduced revenue of approximately $1.7 million from BOX mainly relating to our agreement to provide
       transitional services, which ended on June 30, 2020.



Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics


(in millions of dollars)                            2021                  2020              $ increase            % increase


Trayport                                           $150.6                 $136.7              $13.9                  10%
GSIA (excluding Trayport)                           194.0                 187.0                 $7.0                 4%
                                                   $344.6                 $323.7              $20.9                  6%

The increase in Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics (GSIA) revenue in 2021 compared with 2020 was primarily
driven by increased revenue from Trayport as well as higher usage based quotes, partially offset by a stronger Canadian
dollar relative to the U.S. dollar in 2021 compared with 2020.

Trayport
The following table summarizes the average number of Trayport subscribers (excluding VisoTech and Tradesignal) over
the last eight quarters39:

                                    Q4/21      Q3/21        Q2/21    Q1/21         Q4/20    Q3/20        Q2/20     Q1/20
Trader Subscribers                   6,135      5,677        5,483    5,392         5,259    5,150        4,999     5,192
Total Subscribers                   27,473     26,620       26,196   25,889        25,259   24,662       24,277    24,712
Revenue (in millions of CAD)         $38.9      $37.9       $36.5     $37.3        $35.3    $34.2        $33.5     $33.7
Average CAD-GBP FX rate              1.71       1.72         1.71     1.77          1.73     1.74         1.70      1.74
Revenue (in millions of GBP)         £22.7      £22.0       £21.3     £21.1        £20.4    £19.6        £19.7      £19.4

Total Subscribers means all chargeable licenses of core Trayport products in core customer segments including Traders,
Brokers and Exchanges. Trader Subscribers are a subset of Total Subscribers. Trader Subscribers revenue represents
over 50% of total Trayport revenue.

39
     Previous amounts have been restated based on current data.




                                                                                                                               Page 33


                                             2021 Annual Report      41     TMX Group Limited
Revenue from Trayport increased by 10% from 2020 to 2021. In GBP, revenue from Trayport, was £87.1 million (based
on CAD-GBP FX rate of 1.73) in 2021 up 10% over 2020. The increase in Trayport revenue was driven by a 7% growth in
the average number of total subscribers. Approximately $2.1 million (£1.2 million, based on CAD-GBP FX rate of 1.72)
of revenue related to Tradesignal (acquired June 1, 2021) was included in 2021.

GSIA (excluding Trayport)
Revenue from GSIA (excluding Trayport) increased by 4% from 2020 to 2021. There were higher revenues related to an
increase in both professional and non-professional subscribers, usage based quotes, benchmarks and indices as well as
co-location. The higher revenue was partially offset by an unfavourable impact of approximately $6.1 million from a
stronger Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar in 2021 compared with 2020.

•   The average number of professional market data subscriptions for TSX and TSXV products was up 6% from 2020 to
    2021 (106,261 professional market data subscriptions in 2021 compared with 100,635 in 2020.)

•   The average number of MX professional market data subscriptions increased 6% from 2020 to 2021 (19,635 MX
    professional market data subscriptions in 2021 compared with 18,607 in 2020).




                                                                                                                  Page 34


                                        2021 Annual Report   42    TMX Group Limited
Operating expenses


                                                                                      $ increase /        % increase /
(in millions of dollars)                         2021                 2020            (decrease)           (decrease)

    Compensation and benefits                   $253.5                $226.6             $26.9                 12%
    Information and trading systems              64.6                  57.6                 7.0                12%
    Selling, general and administration          84.3                  84.7                 (0.4)              0%
    Depreciation and amortization                87.1                  80.3                 6.8                8%
                                                $489.5                $449.2             $40.3                 9%


Operating expenses in 2021 were $489.5 million, up $40.3 million or 9%, from $449.2 million in 2020. There were
approximately $21.9 million of expenses included in 2021 related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021), including $2.0
million related to amortization of acquired intangibles (3 cents per basic and diluted share), $2.0 million related to the TSA,
acquisition and related costs of $3.1 million (5 cents per basic and diluted share), as well as integration costs of $3.4
million (4 cents per basic and diluted share). The increase reflected higher headcount and payroll costs, including merit
increases, and increased costs related to our short term employee performance incentive plan of approximately $6.9
million. There were also higher expenses related to higher recoverable expenses, software license and maintenance costs,
information security software and legal expenses.

The increases were somewhat offset by net litigation settlement costs of $12.4 million (16 cents per basic and diluted
shared) in 2020. We also incurred $1.7 million (3 cents per basic and diluted share) in acquisition and related costs related
to AST Canada in 2020. There was a $1.8 million decrease in expenses largely relating to the release of a provision for
restoration costs for our data centre in 2021. There was also a reduction in long term incentive plan costs of
approximately $7.0 million, and lower severance costs in 2021 compared with 2020. In addition, there was a $1.5 million
reduction in commodity tax provision (2 cents per basic and diluted share) in 2020.

Compensation and benefits


(in millions of dollars)                         2021                 2020             $ increase          % increase


                                                $253.5                $226.6              $26.9                12%

•     The increase in Compensation and benefits expenses reflected higher headcount and payroll costs, including merit
      increases, and higher short term employee performance incentive plan costs of approximately $6.9 million. There was
      approximately $5.3 million included in 2021 related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021). In addition, we
      incurred acquisition and related costs related to AST Canada of approximately $0.7 million, as well as integration costs
      of $2.1 million. These increases were somewhat offset by lower long term employee performance incentive plan
      costs of approximately $7.0 million as well as lower severance costs.

•     There were 1,576 TMX Group employees at December 31, 2021 versus 1,383 employees at December 31, 2020
      reflecting an increase in headcount attributable to investing in the various growth areas of our business. The
      headcount in 2021, includes approximately 150 employees for AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021) and
      approximately 15 employees for Tradesignal (acquired June 1, 2021).




                                          2021 Annual Report     43     TMX Group Limited                                Page 35
Information and trading systems


(in millions of dollars)                       2021                 2020             $ increase          % increase

                                               $64.6                $57.6                $7.0               12%

•   The increase in Information and trading systems expenses from 2020 to 2021 reflected higher expenses related to
    information security software, higher project related spend, software license and maintenance costs, as well as
    increased costs for storage and data feeds. There was approximately $2.8 million included in 2021 related to AST
    Canada (acquired August 12, 2021), including $0.9 million related to the TSA, and integration costs of $0.4 million.

Selling, general and administration


(in millions of dollars)                       2021                 2020           $ (decrease)        % (decrease)

                                               $84.3                $84.7              $(0.4)                0%

•   Selling, general and administration expenses decreased by $0.4 million in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to
    net litigation settlement costs of $12.4 million (16 cents per basic and diluted share) in 2020. There was also a $1.8
    million decrease in expenses largely relating to the release of a provision for restoration costs for our data centre in
    2021.

•   The decreases in Selling, general and administration expenses were partially offset by higher recoverable expenses,
    higher legal fees, and increased director fees. There was approximately $8.4 million included in 2021 related to AST
    Canada (acquired August 12, 2021), including $1.1 million related to the TSA, integration costs of $0.9 million, as well
    as acquisition and related costs of approximately $2.3 million. In addition, there was approximately $0.4 million of
    acquisition and related costs related to Tradesignal (acquired June 1, 2021). There was also a $1.5 million reduction in
    commodity tax provision (2 cents per basic and diluted share) in 2020.

Depreciation and amortization


(in millions of dollars)                       2021                 2020             $ increase          % increase

                                               $87.1                $80.3                $6.8                8%

•   There were higher Depreciation and amortization costs reflecting increased amortization related to AST Canada
    (acquired August 12, 2021) of $2.6 million, as well as Tradesignal (acquired June 1, 2021).

•   The Depreciation and amortization costs in 2021 of $87.1 million included $49.9 million related to amortization of
    intangible assets related to acquisitions (72 cents per basic and diluted share).

•   The Depreciation and amortization costs in 2020 of $80.3 million included $47.4 million related to amortization of
    intangible assets related to acquisitions (67 cents per basic and diluted share).




                                        2021 Annual Report     44    TMX Group Limited                                Page 36
Additional Information

Share of income from equity accounted investees


(in millions of dollars)                            2021              2020              $ increase           % increase

                                                  $24.2               $5.7                 $18.5                   325%

•   In 2021, our share of income from equity accounted investees increased by $18.5 million primarily due to an
    increase in our share of income from BOX reflecting higher revenues driven by a 129% increase in volumes from
    2020 to 2021. This increase was partially offset by an increase in long term employee performance incentive plan
    costs, and an unfavorable impact from a stronger Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar in 2021 compared with
    2020.

Net finance costs

(in millions of dollars)                            2021              2020              $ increase           % increase

                                                  $36.1               $32.8                 $3.3                   10%

•   The increase in net finance costs for 2021 compared to 2020 reflected higher net interest expense due to lower
    finance income as a result of lower interest rates, and higher costs related to the Series F Debentures issued in
    Q1/21, somewhat offset by reduced interest costs related to Commercial Paper.

Income tax expense and effective tax rate

           Income Tax Expense (in millions of dollars)                             Effective Tax Rate (%)

              2021                           2020                         2021                              2020

             $140.8                         $109.1                           29%                            28%

Excluding adjustments, primarily related to the items noted below, the effective tax rate would have been
approximately 26% for 2021 and 2020.

2021

•   In 2021, there was an increase in net deferred income tax liabilities, as well as a corresponding increase in income
    tax expense of $19.6 million relating to a change in the U.K. corporate tax rate. In Q2/21, the previously
    announced increase in the U.K. corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25%, effective April 1, 2023, was
    substantively enacted. The net deferred income tax liabilities were revalued accordingly to reflect the higher tax
    rate.

•   In 2021, there was a $3.9 million increase in our deferred income tax assets, which reduced income tax expense,
    primarily relating to the carryforward of net operating losses related to TMX Atrium Wireless (sold April 2017) that
    were not previously recognized. This increase included a reversal of a $2.9 million (5 cents per basic and diluted
    share) write off of deferred income tax assets in 2017. In Q1/17, we adjusted our basic and diluted earnings per
    share for this item. As of Q4/21, we expect these net operating losses to now be fully recoverable.




                                                                                                                          Page 37


                                            2021 Annual Report   45    TMX Group Limited
    2020

    •     In 2020, there was an increase in deferred income tax liabilities and a corresponding increase in income tax
          expense of $7.4 million relating to the U.K. corporate income tax rate. In Q1/20, it was announced that the U.K.
          corporate income tax rate would not decline as previously anticipated; therefore, we were required to revalue
          deferred income tax liabilities.

     Total equity

                                                     As at December 31,    As at December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                               $ increase
                                                            2021                  2020
Total equity                                              $3,706.1              $3,611.5                 $94.6

    •     As at December 31, 2021, there were 55,882,134 common shares issued and outstanding and 1,133,983 options
          outstanding under the share option plan.

    •     As at February 1, 2022, there were 55,910,089 common shares issued and outstanding and 1,106,028 options
          outstanding under the share option plan.

    •     The increase in Total equity is primarily attributable to the inclusion of net income of $338.5 million, proceeds
          received on the exercise of options of $15.1 million, less dividend payments to shareholders of TMX Group of
          $168.9 million. In addition, 646,600 of our common shares were repurchased in 2021 under a normal course
          issuer bid for $84.4 million.




                                                                                                                        Page 38


                                          2021 Annual Report   46    TMX Group Limited
Segments

The following information reflects TMX Group’s segment results for 2021 compared with 2020.

2021


                                                Equities and                         Global
                                                   Fixed     Derivatives
                                       Capital                                     Solutions,
(in millions of dollars)                          Income     Trading &                            Other          Total
                                      Formation                                    Insights &
                                                 Trading &    Clearing              Analytics
                                                  Clearing

Revenue from external customers $           257.7 $       235.9 $        142.5 $        344.6 $           — $       980.7

Inter-segment revenue                         0.2            2.3            —             0.3          (2.8)             —
Total revenue                               257.9         238.2          142.5          344.9          (2.8)        980.7

Income (loss) from operations               144.6         123.2            65.2         219.7         (61.5)        491.2


2020

                                                    Equities and                     Global
                                                       Fixed     Derivatives
                                       Capital                                     Solutions,
(in millions of dollars)                              Income     Trading &                        Other          Total
                                      Formation                                    Insights &
                                                     Trading &    Clearing          Analytics
                                                      Clearing

Revenue from external customers $           189.0 $       226.2 $        126.2 $        323.7 $           — $       865.1

Inter-segment revenue                         0.2            1.9            —             0.3          (2.4)             —
Total revenue                               189.2         228.1          126.2          324.0          (2.4)        865.1

Income (loss) from operations               100.0         119.0            60.0         207.8         (70.9)        415.9



Income (loss) from operations

The increase in Income from operations from Capital Formation primarily reflected higher revenue from additional
listing fees in 2021 compared with 2020. There were also increases in revenue from initial listing fees, sustaining listing
fees, and TSX Trust which includes AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021). The higher revenue was partially offset by
higher operating expenses in 2021 compared with 2020, including approximately $2.5 million (4 cents per basic and
diluted share) in integration costs related to AST Canada.

The increase in Income from operations from Equities and Fixed Income Trading and Clearing was largely driven by
increased revenue from CDS and Equities Trading somewhat offset by lower fixed income trading in 2021 compared
with 2020. The higher revenue was partially offset by higher operating expenses in 2021 compared with 2020.

The increase in Income from operations from Derivatives Trading and Clearing primarily reflected higher revenue driven
by higher volumes in 2021 compared with 2020. The increase was somewhat offset by higher operating expenses
reflecting increased compensation and benefits costs as well as project related expenses in 2021 compared with 2020.
There was also a decrease in Derivatives Trading and Clearing revenue mainly attributable to reduced revenue of




                                                                                                                         Page 39


                                         2021 Annual Report        47   TMX Group Limited
approximately $1.7 million from BOX relating to our agreement to provide transitional services, which ended on June
30, 2020.

The increase in Income from operations from Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics reflects higher revenue from
Trayport and TMX Datalinx. The increase in Trayport revenue reflected higher total subscribers, increased sales of
additional products, and enterprise license renewals in 2021 compared with 2020. Within TMX Datalinx, there were
higher revenues related to an increase in both professional and non-professional subscribers, usage based quotes,
benchmarks and indices as well as co-location. The higher revenue was partially offset by an unfavourable impact of
approximately $6.1 million from a stronger Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar in 2021 compared with 2020, as
well as higher operating expenses in 2021 compared with 2020.

Other includes certain revenue as well as corporate and other costs related to initiatives, not allocated to the operating
segments. Revenue related to foreign exchange gains and losses and other services are presented in the Other
segment. Costs and expenses related to the amortization of purchased intangibles, along with certain consolidation
and elimination adjustments, are also presented in Other. The loss from operations in the Other segment decreased in
2021 primarily reflecting net litigation settlement costs of $12.4 million incurred and allocated to the Other segment in
2020.

Somewhat offsetting these decreases, was an increase in project-related fees. There was also a $1.5 million reduction
in commodity tax provision (2 cents per basic and diluted share) in 2020.




                                                                                                                      Page 40


                                          2021 Annual Report    48    TMX Group Limited
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Summary of Cash Flows

2021 compared with 2020


                                                                                                          $ increase /
(in millions of dollars)                                        2021                   2020            (decrease) in cash
Cash flows from operating activities                           $441.4                 $412.2                  $29.2
Cash flows used in financing activities                        (194.8)                (304.4)                 109.6
Cash flows used in investing activities                        (203.9)                 (34.8)                (169.1)

•    In 2021, Cash flows from operating activities increased compared with 2020 reflecting higher income from
     operations (excluding depreciation and amortization). These increases were somewhat offset by decreases in cash
     related to trade and other receivables, and prepaid expenses, trade and other payables, other assets and liabilities
     as well as increased income taxes paid.

•    In 2021, Cash flows used in financing activities were lower than in 2020. In 2021, we received proceeds from the
     issuance of our Series F Debentures of $250.0 million. This increase in cash was partially offset by an increase in
     net repayments of Commercial Paper of $80.4 million, an increase in share repurchases under our normal course
     issuer bid program of $27.6 million, a decrease in proceeds from exercised options of $16.6 million, and an
     increase in dividends paid to equity holders of $15.3 million.

•    In 2021, Cash flows used in investing activities were higher than in 2020. This was largely attributable to cash
     outflows relating to acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired, of $138.4 million, and a decrease in cash of
     $46.1 million from the net purchase of marketable securities in 2021 compared with net sales in 2020. Partially
     offsetting these decreases, cash used for additions to premises and equipment and intangible assets decreased by
     $15.9 million from 2020 to 2021.

Summary of Cash Position and Other Matters40

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities

                                                        As at December 31,      As at December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                   $ increase
                                                               2021                    2020
Cash and cash equivalents                                      $264.3                 $222.1                  $42.2
Marketable securities                                           $77.3                  $55.8                  $21.5
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities               $341.6                 $277.9                  $63.7

We had $341.6 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as at December 31, 2021. There was an
increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities primarily reflecting proceeds from the issuance of Series F
Debentures of $250.0 million, cash flows from operating activities of $441.4 million, proceeds from exercised options of
$15.1 million, and cash flows from dividends received of $5.7 million. Offsetting these increases in cash and cash
equivalents were a net decrease in Commercial Paper of $160.0 million, cash outflows relating to acquisitions of
$138.4 million, cash outflows for dividends to our shareholders of $168.9 million, repurchases of our shares under a
40
  The “Summary of Cash Position and Other Matters” section above contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to
“Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information” for a discussion of risks and uncertainties related to such statements.




                                                                                                                         Page 41


                                          2021 Annual Report     49      TMX Group Limited
normal course issuer bid of $84.4 million, additions to premises and equipment and intangible assets of $51.2 million,
and interest paid, net of interest received of $33.1 million. Based on our current business operations and model, we
believe that we have sufficient cash resources and access to financing to operate our business, make interest
payments, as well as meet our covenants under the trust indentures governing our Debentures and the financial
covenants of the Credit Agreement, and commercial paper program (Commercial Paper Program) (see LIQUIDITY AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES - Commercial Paper, Debentures, Credit and Liquidity Facilities), and satisfy the capital
maintenance requirements imposed by regulators.

We will also have cash outlays related to the modernization of our clearing platforms (see - INITIATIVES AND
ACCOMPLISHMENTS - Update on Modernization of CDS Clearing Platform).

Our ability to obtain funding in the future will depend on the liquidity and condition of the financial markets, including
the credit market, and our financial condition at the time, the covenants in the Credit Agreement and the trust
indentures governing the Debentures, and by capital maintenance requirements imposed by regulators. At
December 31, 2021, there was no Commercial Paper outstanding.

Total Assets

                                                       As at December 31,    As at December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                 $ increase
                                                              2021                  2020
                                                            $63,199.4              $36,098.6             $27,100.8

•   Our consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2021 includes Balances of Participants and Clearing Members
    related to our clearing operations. These balances have equal amounts included within Total Liabilities. The
    increase in Total Assets of $27,100.8 million from December 31, 2020 reflected higher amounts received on REPO
    and higher collateral balances in both CDS and CDCC at December 31, 2021.

Defined Benefits Pension Plan

Based on the most recent actuarial valuations (as at December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020 or January 1, 2021
depending on the plan), we estimate a net deficit of approximately $7.6 million of which $3.5 million was funded in
2021. The next required tri-annual valuation for the TMX registered pension plan (RPP) will be as at December 31,
2022.



Commercial Paper, Debentures, Credit and Liquidity Facilities

Commercial Paper

                                                     As at December 31,     As at December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                               $ (decrease)
                                                            2021                   2020
                                                              $—                   $160.0                $(160.0)

There was no Commercial Paper outstanding under the program at December 31, 2021 reflecting a net reduction of
$160.0 million from December 31, 2020. The Commercial Paper Program is fully backstopped by the TMX Group credit
facility.




                                                                                                                      Page 42


                                         2021 Annual Report    50     TMX Group Limited
On April 28, 2021, TMX reduced the size of its Commercial Paper Program from $500.0 million to $400.0 million (or the
US equivalent). The Commercial Paper is issued in various maturities of no more than one year and bears interest rates
based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of issuance.

On October 6, 2021, DBRS Morningstar, our rating agency, reconfirmed their R-1 (low) rating on our Commercial Paper
and changed the trend from Stable to Positive.




Debentures

As of December 31, 2021, TMX Group had the following Debentures outstanding:

Debenture              Principal                  Coupon                    Maturity Date        DBRS Credit Rating
                      Amount ($
                       millions)
Series B                250.0           4.461% per annum, payable in        October 3, 2023            A (high)
                                         arrears in equal semi-annual
                                       installments (long first coupon)
Series D                300.0          2.997% per annum, payable in       December 11, 2024            A (high)
                                        arrears in equal semi-annual
                                                 installments
Series E                200.0          3.779% per annum, payable in          June 5, 2028              A (high)
                                        arrears in equal semi-annual
                                                 installments
Series F                250.0          2.016% per annum, payable in        February 12, 2031           A (high)
                                        arrears in equal semi-annual
                                                 installments

On February 12, 2021, TMX Group completed a Canadian private placement offering of $250.0 million aggregate
principal amount of 2.016% senior unsecured debentures due February 12, 2031 ("Series F Debentures") to accredited
investors in Canada. The Series F Debentures received a credit rating of A (high) with a Stable trend from DBRS
Morningstar. TMX Group incurred financing costs of $1.3 million for the initial issuance of Series F Debentures, and
these costs are offset against the initial carrying value of the Series F Debentures.

•   The Series B, Series E, and Series F Debentures may be redeemed, at the option of TMX Group, in whole or in part
    at the redemption price together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption. The
    redemption price is equal to the greater of the applicable Canada Yield Price (as defined in the relevant Trust
    Indenture (as defined below)) and 100% of the principal amount of the Series B, Series E, and Series F Debentures
    being redeemed to the date fixed for redemption. If the Series B, Series E, and Series F Debentures are redeemed
    anytime on or after three months prior to the maturity date of the series, the redemption price is equal to 100% of
    the aggregate principal amount outstanding on the Series B, Series E, and Series F Debentures together with
    accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the redemption.

•   The Series D Debentures may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of TMX Group, at the redemption
    price together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption. The redemption price is equal to
    the greater of the Canada Yield Price (as defined in the relevant Trust Indenture) and 100% of the principal amount
    of the Series D Debentures being redeemed. If the Series D Debentures are redeemed anytime on or after two
    months prior to the maturity date of the series, the redemption price will be equal to 100% of the aggregate
    principal amount outstanding on the Series D Debentures together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date of
    the redemption.




                                                                                                                    Page 43


                                        2021 Annual Report    51    TMX Group Limited
•   The trust indenture and the supplements thereto which govern the Debentures (collectively, the Trust Indentures
    and each a Trust Indenture) include the following covenants:

          ◦    A negative pledge which restricts the ability of TMX Group and each of its material subsidiaries (as defined
               in the Trust Indentures) to create a lien on these entities’ assets unless the Debentures are similarly
               secured on an equal and rateable basis.

          ◦    A limitation on the ability of material subsidiaries of TMX Group to enter into certain types of
               indebtedness.

          ◦    In the event of a change of control (as such term is defined in the Trust Indentures) of either TSX Inc. or
               MX, if the rating of the Debentures is lowered to below investment grade (as defined in the Trust
               Indentures), TMX Group will be required, at the option of the Debenture holder to repurchase, in whole
               or in part, the holder’s Debentures at a cash price of 101% of the outstanding principal amount of the
               Debentures plus all accrued and unpaid interest up to the date of repurchase.

          ◦    A requirement for TMX Group to maintain at least one credit rating from a Specified Credit Rating Agency
               (as defined in the Trust Indentures).


                                                        As at December 31,     As at December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                  $ increase
                                                               2021                   2020
Series B - Non-Current Debentures                              $249.8                $249.8                  $0.0
Series D - Non-Current Debentures                              $299.3                $298.7                  $0.6
Series E - Non-Current Debentures                              $199.2                $199.0                  $0.2
Series F - Non-Current Debentures                              $248.8                  $—                   $248.8
                                                               $997.1                $747.5                 $249.6

 In Q1/21, a portion of the proceeds from the Series F Debentures were used to repay TMX Group's commercial paper.
In July 2021, we listed our Series B, Series D, Series E, and Series F Debentures on TSX.

On October 6, 2021, DBRS Morningstar, our rating agency, reconfirmed their A (high) rating on TMX Group Limited and
on our Senior Unsecured Debt and changed the trend from Stable to Positive.



TMX Group Credit Facility

In 2016, TMX Group entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (as amended on each of December 14,
2017 and September 12, 2018, the Credit Agreement) which replaced our existing 2014 credit agreement. The
aggregate amount available under the Credit Agreement is reduced by the outstanding amount of Commercial Paper
and any outstanding inter-company notes payable to CDS, CDCC, and Shorcan. The maturity date of the Credit
Agreement was May 2, 2021.

On April 28, 2021, TMX Group amended the terms of the TMX Group Limited credit facility to decrease the size of the
facility from $500.0 million to $400.0 million, and extended the term from May 2, 2021 to May 2, 2024.

Under the terms of the Credit Agreement there is:

•   an Interest Coverage Ratio of more than 4.0:1. The Interest Coverage Ratio is the ratio of adjusted EBITDA for the
    period comprised of the four most recently completed financial quarters to the consolidated interest expense for
    such four financial quarters. Adjusted EBITDA means earnings on a consolidated basis before interest, taxes,
    extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring items, depreciation and amortization, as well as non-cash items;




                                                                                                                        Page 44


                                          2021 Annual Report     52     TMX Group Limited
•    a Total Leverage Ratio of not more than 3.5:1. Total Leverage Ratio at any time is the ratio of consolidated debt as
     at such time to adjusted EBITDA for the period comprised of the four most recently completed financial quarters.

As at December 31, 2021, all covenants were met under the Credit Agreement governing the TMX Group credit facility.

The following table summarizes the Applicable Rates and Fee Rates and corresponding Total Leverage Ratios under the
Credit Agreement. The Standby Fee is charged on the unutilized portion of the revolving facility. The Applicable Rate
represents the corporate spread that is included in the interest rate that is applied to the drawn portion of the facility.

                                            Applicable Margin Pricing Matrix
    Total Leverage Ratio (x)     Standby Fee for undrawn      Prime Rate Loans and US           BA Instruments/ LIBOR
                                portion of Revolving Facility      Base Rate Loans              Loans / Letters of Credit
             ≤ 2.0                        21.5 bps                       7.5 bps                        107.5 bps
        > 2.0 and ≤ 2.5                   24.5 bps                       22.5 bps                       122.5 bps
        > 2.5 and ≤ 3.0                   27.5 bps                       37.5 bps                       137.5 bps
        > 3.0 and ≤ 3.5                   32.5 bps                       62.5 bps                       162.5 bps




Other Credit and Liquidity Facilities

CDCC maintains daylight liquidity facilities for a total of $975.0 million to provide liquidity on the basis of collateral in
the form of securities that have been received by, or pledged to, CDCC. The daylight liquidity facility must be cleared to
zero at the end of each day.

CDCC maintains a $27,012.0 million REPO uncommitted facility ($27,012.0 million at December 31, 2020) that is in
place to provide end of day liquidity in the event that CDCC is unable to clear the daylight liquidity facilities to zero. On
February 26, 2021, CDCC extended this facility to February 25, 2022. The facility would provide liquidity in exchange for
securities that have been received by, or pledged to, CDCC.

CDCC also maintains a $100.0 million syndicated revolving standby liquidity facility ($320.0 million at December 31,
2020) to provide end of day liquidity in the event that CDCC is unable to clear the daylight liquidity facilities to zero.
Advances under the facility are secured by collateral in the form of securities that have been received by, or pledged to,
CDCC. The borrowing rate on this facility is prime rate less 1.75%. On February 26, 2021, this facility was extended to
February 25, 2022 and on June 4, 2021, CDCC reduced this facility from $320.0 million to $100.0 million.

As at December 31, 2021, CDCC had drawn $2.0 million to facilitate a failed REPO settlement. The amount is fully offset
by liquid securities included in cash and cash equivalents and was fully repaid subsequent to the reporting date.

CDS Clearing maintains a secured standby liquidity facility of US$720.0 million, or Canadian dollar equivalent, that can
be drawn in either United States (US) or Canadian currency. On March 23, 2021, CDS Clearing extended the maturity
date to March 22, 2022.

CDS Clearing also has a secured standby liquidity facility of $2.0 billion or US equivalent that can be drawn in either
Canadian or US currency. On March 23, 2021, CDS Clearing extended the maturity date to March 22, 2022.




                                                                                                                          Page 45


                                          2021 Annual Report     53     TMX Group Limited
Contractual Obligations

(in millions of dollars)                                                                          December 31, 2021
                                            Total               Less than 1 year    Between 1 and 5 Greater than 5
                                                                                    years           years
Participants’ tax withholdings*                180.0                180.0                —               —
Accrued interest payable                         5.7                  5.7                —               —
Other trade and other payables                  89.4                 89.4                —               —
Provisions                                       2.1                  0.4               1.2             0.5
Lease liabilities                               97.6                 9.3               34.1            54.2
Balances with Participants and Clearing     57,113.5            57,113.5                 —               —
Members*
Total return swaps                               0.4                  0.4                —                   —
Commercial Paper                                  —                    —                 —                   —
Debentures                                     997.1                   —              549.1               448.0
*The above financial liabilities are covered by assets that are restricted from use in the ordinary course of business.



MANAGING CAPITAL

The Company’s primary objectives in managing capital, which we define to include our cash and cash equivalents,
marketable securities, share capital, Commercial Paper, Debentures, and various credit facilities, include:


    •    Maintaining sufficient capital for operations to ensure market confidence and to meet regulatory
         requirements and credit facility requirements (see Commercial Paper, Debentures, Credit and Liquidity
         Facilities for a description of certain financial covenants under the Credit Agreement). Currently, we target to
         retain a minimum of $205.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. This amount is subject
         to change;

    •    Maintaining a credit rating in a range consistent with the Company’s current A (high) and R1-low credit ratings
         from DBRS;

    •    Using excess cash to invest in and continue to grow the business;

    •    Returning capital to shareholders through methods such as dividends paid to shareholders and purchasing
         shares for cancellation pursuant to normal course issuer bids; and

    •    Reducing the debt levels to be below the total leverage ratios as discussed in (a) below, which decrease over
         time.

TMX Group aims to achieve the above objectives while managing its capital subject to capital maintenance
requirements imposed on TMX Group and certain subsidiaries as follows:

    a.   In respect of the TMX Group Limited credit facility that requires TMX Group to maintain:

            i.     an interest coverage ratio of more than 4.0:1;

            ii.    a total leverage ratio of not more than 3.50:1




                                                                                                                          Page 46


                                          2021 Annual Report     54    TMX Group Limited
b.   In respect of TSX and Alpha Exchange Inc, to maintain the following requirements, on both a consolidated and
     non-consolidated basis, as set out in the amended and restated recognition order issued by the Ontario
     Securities Commission (OSC) effective September 2020:

        i.    maintain sufficient financial resources for the proper performance of its functions and to meet its
              responsibilities; and

       ii.    calculate on a monthly basis:

                  1.   a current ratio;

                  2.   a debt to cash flow ratio; and

                  3.   a financial leverage ratio.

c.   In respect of TSX Venture Exchange, as required by certain provincial securities commissions, to maintain
     sufficient financial resources to perform its functions.

d.   In respect of MX, as required by the AMF, to maintain certain financial ratios as defined in the AMF
     recognition order, as follows:

        i.    a working capital ratio of more than 1.5:1;

       ii.    a cash flow to total debt outstanding ratio of more than 20%; and

       iii.   a financial leverage ratio of less than 4.0.

e.   In respect of CDCC, to maintain certain amounts, as follows:

        i.    maintain sufficient financial resources as required by the OSC and AMF;

       ii.    $5.0 million cash and cash equivalents or marketable securities as part of the Clearing Member
              default recovery process plus an additional $5.0 million in the event that the initial $5.0 million is fully
              utilized during a default;

       iii.   sufficient cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities to cover 12 months of operating expenses,
              excluding amortization and depreciation; and

       iv.    $30.0 million total shareholder's equity.

f.   In respect of CDS and CDS Clearing, as required by the OSC and the AMF to maintain certain financial ratios as
     defined in the OSC recognition order, as follows:

        i.    a debt to cash flow ratio of less than or equal to 4:1; and

       ii.    a financial leverage ratio of less than or equal to 4:1.

     In addition, the OSC requires CDS and CDS Clearing to maintain working capital to cover 6 months of operating
     expenses (excluding, in the case of CDS, the amount of shared services fees charged to CDS Clearing).

     CDS is required to dedicate a portion of its own resources in the CNS default waterfall for the CNS function.
     The Company maintains $1.0 million in cash and cash equivalents or marketable securities to cover potential
     losses incurred as a result of a Participant default.

g.   In respect of Shorcan:

        i.    by IIROC which requires Shorcan to maintain a minimum level of shareholders’ equity of $0.5 million;




                                                                                                                      Page 47


                                            2021 Annual Report     55    TMX Group Limited
           ii.    by the National Futures Association ("NFA") which requires Shorcan to maintain a minimum level of
                  net capital; and

           iii.   by applicable Canadian securities commissions which requires Shorcan to maintain a minimum level
                  of excess working capital.

    h.   In respect of TSX Trust:

            i.    as required by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, to maintain the following
                  minimum capital ratios:

                      1.   common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 7%;

                      2.   tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%; and

                      3.   total capital ratio of 10.5%

           ii.    as required by IIROC, to maintain in excess of $100.0 million of paid up capital and surplus on the last
                  audited balance sheet for the acceptable institution designation.

As at December 31, 2021 and 2020, we were in compliance with each of the externally imposed capital requirements in
effect at the applicable period-end.


FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities

Our financial instruments include cash, cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities which are held to
earn investment income. Marketable securities consist of Federal and Provincial treasury bills.

We have designated our marketable securities as fair value through profit and loss. Fair values have been determined
by reference to quoted market prices.

The primary risks related to cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are credit risk, market risk and liquidity
risk. For a description of these risks, please refer to Enterprise Risk Management - Financial Risks.

Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

Restricted cash and cash equivalents contains tax withheld by CDS on entitlement payments made by CDS on behalf of
CDS participants. The restricted cash and cash equivalents related to this withheld tax is ultimately under the control of
CDS; however, the amount is payable to various taxation authorities within a relatively short period of time and so is
restricted from use in normal operations. An equivalent and offsetting amount is included in the consolidated balance
sheet under the caption Participants' tax withholdings. At December 31, 2021, we had restricted cash and cash
equivalents of $180.0 million.

The primary risks related to restricted cash and cash equivalents are credit risk and liquidity risk. For a description of
these risks, please refer to Enterprise Risk Management - Financial Risks.

Trade Receivables

Our financial instruments include accounts receivable, which represents amounts that our customers owe us. The
carrying value is based on the actual amounts owed by the customers, net of loss allowances for trade receivables
measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, calculated using historical credit loss experience taking




                                                                                                                      Page 48


                                          2021 Annual Report   56      TMX Group Limited
into account current observable data at the reporting date to reflect the effects of any relevant current market
conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

The primary risks related to trade receivables are credit risk and market risk. For a description of these risks, please
refer to Enterprise Risk Management - Financial Risks.

CDS – Participant cash collateral and entitlements and other funds

As part of CDS’s clearing operations, CDS Participant Rules require participants to pledge collateral to CDS in the form
of cash or securities in amounts calculated in relation to their activities. Cash pledged and deposited with CDS is
recognized as an asset and an equivalent and offsetting liability is recognized as these amounts are ultimately owed to
the participants. There is no impact on the consolidated income statement. Securities pledged do not result in an
economic inflow to CDS, and therefore, are not recognized.

The primary risks associated with these financial instruments are credit risk, market risk and liquidity risk. For a
description of these risks, please refer to Enterprise Risk Management - Financial Risks.

CDCC – Daily Settlements due to and due from Clearing Members

As part of CDCC’s clearing operations, amounts due from and to Clearing Members as a result of marking to market
open futures positions and settling options transactions each day are required to be collected from or paid to Clearing
Members prior to the commencement of trading the next day. The amounts due from and due to Clearing Members
are recognized in the consolidated assets and liabilities as Balances with Participants and Clearing Members. There is
no impact on the consolidated statements of income.

CDCC – Clearing Members’ cash margin deposits and clearing fund cash deposits

These balances represent the cash deposits of Clearing Members held in the name of CDCC as margins against open
positions and as part of the clearing fund. The cash held is recognized as an asset and an equivalent and offsetting
liability is recognized as these amounts are ultimately owed to the Clearing Members. There is no impact on the
consolidated income statement.

CDCC – Net amounts receivable/payable on open REPO agreements

CDCC clears fixed income REPO agreements. OTC REPO agreements between buying and selling Clearing Members are
novated to CDCC whereby the rights and obligations of the Clearing Members under the REPO agreements are
cancelled and replaced by new agreements with CDCC. Once novation occurs, CDCC becomes the counterparty to both
the buying and selling Clearing Member. As a result, the contractual right to receive and return the principal amount
of the REPO as well as the contractual right to receive and pay interest on the REPO is thus transferred to CDCC. These
balances represent outstanding balances on open REPO agreements. Receivable and payable balances outstanding
with the same Clearing Member are offset when they are in the same currency and are to be settled on the same day,
as CDCC has a legally enforceable right to offset and the intention to net settle. The balances include both the original
principal amount of the REPO and the accrued interest, both of which are carried at amortized cost. As CDCC is the
central counterparty, an equivalent amount is recognized in both TMX Group's’ assets and liabilities.

The primary risks associated with these financial instruments are credit risk, market risk and liquidity risk. For a
description of these risks, please refer to Enterprise Risk Management - Financial Risks.




                                                                                                                     Page 49


                                         2021 Annual Report    57    TMX Group Limited
Commercial Paper

TMX Group maintains a Commercial Paper Program to offer potential investors up to $400.0 million (or the equivalent
U.S. dollars) of Commercial Paper to be issued in various maturities of up to one year from the date of issue. The
Commercial Paper bears interest rates based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of issuance. The
Commercial Paper Program is supported by the Credit Agreement. The Commercial Paper issued represents an
unsecured obligation and ranks equally with all other senior unsecured obligations of TMX Group. The Commercial
Paper has been assigned a rating of “R-1 (low)” with a Positive trend by DBRS.

The Commercial Paper is subject to market risk and liquidity risk. For a description of these risks, please refer to
Enterprise Risk Management - Financial Risks.

Debentures

TMX Group has the following Debentures outstanding: a $250-million Series B Debentures with a 4.461% coupon and a
10-year term, a $300.0-million principal amount Series D Debentures with a 2.997% coupon and a 7-year term, a
$200.0-million Series E Debentures with a 3.779% coupon and a 10-year term, and a $250.0-million Series F Debentures
with a 2.016% coupon and a 10-year term. The Debentures received a credit rating of A (high) with a Positive trend
from DBRS.

The Debentures are subject to market risk and liquidity risk. For a description of these risks, please refer to Enterprise
Risk Management - Financial Risks.

Total Return Swaps (TRS)
We have entered into a series of TRSs, which synthetically replicate the economics of purchasing our shares as a
partial economic hedge to the share appreciation rights of the RSUs, PSUs, and DSUs.

We have classified our series of TRSs as fair value through profit and loss and mark to market the fair value of the TRSs
as an adjustment to income. We also simultaneously mark to market the liability to holders of the units as an
adjustment to income. Fair value is based on the share price of our common shares at the end of the reporting period.
The fair value of the TRSs and the obligation to unit holders are reflected on the consolidated balance sheet. The
contracts are settled in cash upon maturity.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, unrealized gains and realized losses on the TRSs of $2.1 million and $0.4
million, respectively have been reflected in the consolidated income statement (2020 – unrealized losses and realized
gains of $$1.4 million and $$8.7 million, respectively).

TRSs are subject to credit risk and market risk. For a description of this risk, please refer to Enterprise Risk
Management - Financial Risks.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

Goodwill and Intangible Assets – Valuation and Impairment Testing

We recorded goodwill and intangible assets valued at $5,156.9 million as at December 31, 2021, up by $109.2 million
from $5,047.7 million at December 31, 2020. Management has determined that the testing for impairment of goodwill
and intangible assets involves making critical accounting estimates.

Goodwill is recognized at cost on acquisition less any subsequent impairment in value. We measure goodwill arising on
a business combination as the fair value of the consideration transferred less the fair value of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, all measured as of the acquisition date.




                                                                                                                      Page 50


                                         2021 Annual Report    58     TMX Group Limited
Intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated amortization, where applicable, and any impairment in value.
Cost includes any expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of internally
developed assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour, and any other costs directly attributable to bringing
the assets to a working condition for their intended use.

Assets are considered to have indefinite lives where management believes that there is no foreseeable limit to the
period over which the assets are expected to generate net cash flows.

We test for impairment as follows:

The carrying amounts of our non-financial assets, other than deferred income tax assets and employee future benefit
assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such
indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite
useful lives, or that are not yet available for use, are tested for impairment at least annually even if there is no
indication of impairment, and the recoverable amount is estimated each year at the same time. The recoverable
amount of an asset is the greater of its value-in-use and its fair value less costs of disposal. In assessing value-in-use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest
group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets (the cash-generating unit, or CGU). For the purposes of goodwill impairment testing,
goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the CGU, or the group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit
from the synergies of the combination and reflects the lowest level at which that goodwill is monitored for internal
reporting purposes.

The cash flow projections cover a period of five years with the exception of Capital Formation - Listings, which covers
seven years and Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics - Trayport, which covers eight years.

An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset, or its CGU, exceeds its estimated recoverable
amount, which is the higher of asset's fair value less costs of disposal and its value-in-use. Impairment losses
recognized in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGUs,
and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis. Impairment losses along
with any related deferred income tax effects are recognized in the consolidated income statement.

There was no impairment charge for 2020 and 2021.

Considerable judgement is required to predict future operating performance and to estimate cash flows. Economic
weakness due to macroeconomic factors moderating activity and heightening risks may impact our business. Such
factors include political and civil uncertainty in Hong Kong as well as the tensions over trade deficits and technology
companies between China and the United States, softened international trade and investment, the impact of COVID-19
on economic recovery and timing of recovery, and financial market pressures. These factors could result in future
impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets. A significant impairment charge in the future could have
a significant impact on our reported net income.

In 2021, management updated its growth projections. Based on current assumptions, the recoverable amount for
Capital Formation - Listings, GSIA - TMX Datalinx, GSIA - Trayport, Equities Trading, Derivatives Trading and Clearing -
MX/CDCC, CDS, and Other remains above carrying value, and as such no impairment has been identified for these
CGUs. Management has identified three key assumptions, the pre-tax discount rate, the terminal growth rate, and the
cash flow projections, that have a significant impact on the estimate of the recoverable amount.




                                                                                                                       Page 51


                                          2021 Annual Report    59     TMX Group Limited
Business Combinations

Fair values of purchase consideration, assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in business combinations – for the
acquisitions of subsidiaries, the fair values under the acquisition method are based on management’s best estimates
using established methodologies of the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired and disposed.

For acquired customer relationships, trade names, and technology in particular, TMX Group estimates the fair value
based on the income approach. The income approach is a valuation technique that calculates the fair value of an
intangible asset based on the present value of future cash flows that the asset can be expected to generate over its
remaining useful life. This valuation involves significant subjectivity and estimation uncertainty, including assumptions
related to the future revenues attributable to acquired customer relationships, trade names, or technology, customer
attrition rates, royalty-free rate, future expenses, and discount rates.

TMX Group estimates the fair value of its ownership interest in BOX Holdings using the income approach.. This
valuation involves significant subjectivity and estimation uncertainty, including assumptions related to the future
revenues of the acquired business and discount rate.




                                                                                                                     Page 52


                                         2021 Annual Report    60    TMX Group Limited
SELECT ANNUAL INFORMATION

(in millions of dollars expect per share amounts)                  2021                     2020              2019
Revenue                                                    $                  980.7 $                865.1             806.9
Net income                                                                    338.5                  279.7             247.6


Total Assets (as at December 31)                                          63,199.4                 36,098.6          32,359.7
Non-Current Liabilities (as at December 31)                                1,974.3                  1,706.0           1,707.6


Earnings per share:
    Basic                                                                      6.03                   4.96              4.42
    Diluted                                                                    5.99                   4.91              4.38


Cash dividends declared per common share                                       3.01                   2.72              2.52




2021 compared with 2020

(See RESULTS OF OPERATIONS and LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES - Year ended December 31, 2021 (2021)
compared with Year ended December 31, 2020 (2020)).

2020 compared with 2019

Revenue

Revenue was $865.1 million in 2020, up $58.2 million or 7% compared with $806.9 million in 2019 attributable to increases
in revenue from Capital Formation, Equities and Fixed Income Trading and Clearing as well as Global Solutions, Insights and
Analytics offset by a decrease in Derivatives Trading and Clearing revenue.

Net income and Earnings per share

Net income in 2020 was $279.7 million, or $4.96 per common share on a basic and $4.91 per common share on a diluted
basis, compared with a net income of $247.6 million, or $4.42 per common share on a basic and $4.38 on a diluted basis,
for 2019. The increase in net income reflected an increase in income from operations of $33.5 million. The increase in
income from operations from 2019 to 2020 was driven by an increase in revenue of $58.2 million, offset by an increase in
operating expenses of $24.7 million. The increase in operating expenses was partly attributable to net litigation
settlement costs of $12.4 million (16 cents per basic and diluted common share) in Q2/20. There was also an increase in
our share of income from BOX. In addition, during 2019, there was an $18.0 million (32 cents per basic and diluted
common share) non-cash impairment charge related to Shorcan.

The increase in net income and earnings per share was reduced by significantly higher income tax expense, and a higher
effective income tax rate, in 2020 compared with 2019.

•     During 2020, there was a change in the U.K. corporate income tax rate. This resulted in an increase in deferred
      income tax liabilities and a corresponding increase in income tax expense of $7.4 million, which reduced net income.

•     In 2019, the Alberta general corporate income tax rate decreased. This change resulted in a decrease in net deferred
      income tax liabilities and a corresponding decrease in income tax expense of $4.3 million. In 2019, we incurred non-
      cash impairment charges of $18.0 million related to Shorcan, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. This
      resulted in an increase in our effective tax rate, which essentially offset the positive impact from the decrease in the
      Alberta general corporate income tax rate.



                                                    2021 Annual Report   61     TMX Group Limited                        Page 53
The increase in diluted earnings per share was somewhat reduced by an increase in the number of weighted-average
common shares outstanding in 2020 compared with 2019.

Total Assets

Our consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2020 includes Balances with Participants and Clearing Members
related to our clearing operations. These balances have equal amounts included within Total Liabilities. The increase in
Total Assets of $3,738.9 million from December 31, 2019 reflected higher collateral balances in both CDS and CDCC at
December 31, 2020 driven by the Bank of Canada requiring participants to post substantially more collateral (to address
Cover 1 liquidity risk under Principles of Financial Market Infrastructure (PFMI)).

Non-Current Liabilities

Non-current liabilities as at December 31, 2020 were $1.6 million lower than as at December 31, 2019, reflecting lower
lease liabilities partially offset by higher deferred income tax liabilities.




QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

        (in millions of dollars except   Dec 31   Sep 30    Jun 30        Mar 31   Dec 31   Sep 30      Jun 30   Mar 31
        per share amounts - unaudited)    2021     2021      2021          2021     2020     2020        2020     2020

         Capital Formation               $67.2     $60.2    $69.2         $61.1    $50.6        $50.2   $48.1    $40.1
         Equities and Fixed               29.4     25.9      29.4          40.9     30.6        28.5    34.7      33.2
         Income Trading
         Equities and fixed
         Income - clearing,
         settlement, depository           28.6     26.0      27.9          27.8     25.7        23.7    24.8      25.0
         and other services
         (CDS)
         Derivatives Trading &            38.2     32.9      33.9          37.5     30.8        24.9    30.0      40.5
         Clearing
         Global Solutions,                89.1     85.9      84.6          85.0     82.6        80.3    81.0      79.8
         Insights and Analytics
         Other                            (0.1)     0.4       —            (0.3)    (0.8)        —       (0.9)    1.7
        Revenue                          252.4     231.3     245.0        252.0    219.5        207.6   217.7    220.3


        Operating expenses               136.2     121.9     112.1        119.3    113.4        107.2   119.3    109.3


        Income from operations           116.2     109.4     132.9        132.7    106.1        100.4   98.4     111.0
        Net income                        87.9     76.9      77.3          96.4     71.8        70.0    67.8      70.1
        Earnings per share
         Basic                            1.57     1.37      1.38          1.71     1.27        1.24     1.20     1.25
         Diluted                          1.56     1.36      1.37          1.70     1.26        1.23     1.19     1.24

Q4/21 compared with Q4/20

    •    Revenue was $252.4 million in Q4/21, up $32.9 million or 15% from $219.5 million in Q4/20 attributable to
         increases in revenue from Capital Formation, CDS, Derivatives Trading and Clearing, Global Solutions, Insights and
         Analytics, and Other partially offset by a decrease in Equities and Fixed Income Trading revenue. Revenue for
         Q4/21 included approximately $8.6 million related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021) and approximately



                                              2021 Annual Report     62     TMX Group Limited                             Page 54
       $0.8 million related to Tradesignal (acquired June 1, 2021). Revenue excluding AST Canada and Tradesignal
       increased by 11% from Q4/20 to Q4/21.

   •   Operating expenses in Q4/21 were $136.2 million, up $22.8 million or 20% from $113.4 million in Q4/20. There
       were approximately $13.3 million of expenses included in Q4/21 related to AST Canada (acquired August 12,
       2021), including $1.5 million related to amortization of acquired intangibles (2 cents per basic and diluted share),
       $1.3 million related to the transitional services agreement (TSA) with AST, acquisition and related costs of $0.9
       million (2 cents per basic and diluted share), as well as integration costs of $2.8 million (4 cents per basic and
       diluted share). The increase in costs was also attributable to higher headcount and payroll costs, increased short
       term employee incentive plan costs, higher legal costs, as well as increased recoverable expenses in Q4/21
       compared with Q4/20. These increases were partially offset by lower severance costs of $2.0 million, lower long
       term employee performance incentive plan costs of $0.9 million, and acquisition and related costs related to AST
       Canada in Q4/20 of $0.4 million.

   •   Income from operations increased from Q4/20 to Q4/21 reflecting higher revenue partially offset by higher
       operating expenses.

   •   Net income in Q4/21 was $87.9 million, or $1.57 per common share on a basic and $1.56 on a diluted basis,
       compared with a net income of $71.8 million, or $1.27 per common share on a basic and $1.26 on a diluted basis
       for Q4/20. The increase in net income and earnings per share from Q4/20 to Q4/21 was largely driven by an
       increase in revenue partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. In Q4/21, there were integration costs
       related to AST Canada of approximately $2.8 million (4 cents per basic and diluted share), and acquisition and
       related costs of $0.9 million (2 cents per basic and diluted share). These decreases to net income were partially
       offset by $0.4 million of acquisition and related costs in Q4/20, and an increase in our share of income from BOX
       from Q4/20 to Q4/21. In addition, there was a $3.9 million reduction to income tax expenses related to TMX
       Atrium Wireless (sold April 2017), including a $2.9 million (5 cents per basic and diluted share) reversal of a
       deferred tax asset write-off from 2017. The increase in earnings per share was also partially attributable to a
       decrease in the number of weighted average common shares outstanding from Q4/20 to Q4/21.

Q4/21 compared with Q3/21

   •   Revenue was $254.4 million in Q4/21, up $21.1 million or 9% from $231.3 million in Q3/21 driven by higher
       revenue in Capital Formation, Equities and Fixed Income Trading, CDS, Derivatives Trading & Clearing, and Global
       Solutions, Insights and Analytics partially offset by slightly lower revenue in Other. There was also $8.6 million of
       revenue included in Q4/21 related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021) compared with $5.1 million in
       Q3/21.

   •   Operating expenses in Q4/21 were $136.2 million, up $14.3 million or 12% from $121.9 million in Q3/21 due to
       higher severance of $2.8 million, higher software license and maintenance costs of $1.8 million, and higher short
       term employee performance incentive plan costs of $1.2 million. There were also increased marketing expenses,
       travel and entertainment, and professional services fees in Q4/21 compared with Q3/21. In addition, there were
       approximately $13.3 million of expenses included in Q4/21 related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021),
       including $1.5 million related to amortization of acquired intangibles (2 cents per basic and diluted share), $1.3
       million related to the TSA, acquisition and related costs of $0.9 million (2 cents per basic and diluted share), as
       well as integration costs of $2.8 million (4 cents per basic and diluted share).

       These increases in operating expenses were partially offset by lower long term incentive plan costs of $2.1
       million.

   •   Income from operations increased from Q3/21 to Q4/21 reflecting higher revenue partially offset by higher
       operating expenses.

   •   Net income in Q4/21 was $88.9 million, or $1.57 per common share on a basic and $1.56 on a diluted basis,
       compared with net income of $76.9 million, or $1.37 per common share on a basic and $1.36 on a diluted basis
       for Q3/21. The increase in net income from Q3/21 to Q4/21 was driven by higher income from operations as well
       as a decrease in income tax expense of $3.9 million relating to the carryforward of net operating losses related to
       TMX Atrium Wireless (sold April 2017) that was not previously recognized.




                                        2021 Annual Report    63    TMX Group Limited                                Page 55
Q3/21 compared with Q2/21

   •   Revenue was $231.3 million in Q3/21, down $13.7 million or 6% from $245.0 million in Q2/21 primarily
       attributable to lower revenue in Capital Formation, Equities and Fixed Income Trading, CDS, and Derivatives
       Trading & Clearing, partially offset by higher revenue in Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics and Other. There
       was also $5.1 million of revenue included in Q3/21 related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021).

   •   Operating expenses in Q3/21 were $121.9 million, up $9.8 million or 9% from $112.1 million in Q2/21 due to
       higher short term employee performance incentive plan costs of $2.5 million, higher long term incentive plan
       costs of $1.7 million, and increased headcount and payroll costs of $1.3 million. There were approximately $7.5
       million of expenses included in Q3/21 related to AST Canada (acquired August 12, 2021), including $0.5 million
       related to amortization of acquired intangibles (1 cent per basic and diluted share), $0.7 million related to the
       TSA, acquisition and related costs of $1.1 million (2 cents per basic and diluted share), as well as integration costs
       of $0.6 million (1 cent per basic and diluted share).

       These increases in operating expenses were partially offset by lower director fees, decreased severance, and bad
       debt expenses. There was also a $1.8 million decrease in expenses largely relating to a release of a provision for
       restoration costs for our data centre in Q2/21.

   •   Income from operations decreased from Q2/21 to Q3/21 reflecting lower revenue and higher operating expenses.

   •   Net income in Q3/21 was $76.9 million, or $1.37 per common share on a basic and $1.36 on a diluted basis,
       compared with net income of $77.3 million, or $1.38 per common share on a basic and $1.37 on a diluted basis
       for Q2/21. The slight decrease in net income from Q2/21 to Q3/21 was mainly attributable to lower income from
       operations from Q2/21 to Q3/21, somewhat offset by an increase in income tax expense of $19.8 million relating
       to an increase in the U.K corporate income tax rate in Q2/21.

Q2/21 compared with Q1/21

   •   Revenue was $245.0 million in Q2/21, down $7.0 million or 3% from $252.0 million in Q1/21 primarily attributable
       to lower revenue in Equities and Fixed Income Trading, and Derivatives Trading & Clearing, partially offset by
       higher revenue in Capital Formation.

   •   Operating expenses in Q2/21 were $112.1 million, down $7.2 million or 6% from $119.3 million in Q1/21. The
       decrease in costs was driven by lower short term employee performance incentive plan and sales commissions
       costs of $3.3 million, lower payroll costs of $3.1 million, and lower long term performance incentive plan costs of
       $1.6 million. In addition, there was a $1.8 million decrease in expenses largely relating to the release of a
       provision for restoration costs for our data centre in Q2/21. These decreases in expenses were partially offset by
       higher director fees, increased software license and maintenance costs, and higher bad debt expenses.

   •   Income from operations increased slightly from Q1/21 to Q2/21 due to lower operating expenses largely offset by
       lower revenue.

   •   Net income in Q2/21 was $77.3 million, or $1.38 per common share on a basic and $1.37 on a diluted basis,
       compared with net income of $96.4 million, or $1.71 per common share on a basic and $1.70 on a diluted basis
       for Q1/21. The decrease in net income and earnings per share from Q1/21 to Q2/21 was primarily attributable to
       an increase in income tax expense of $19.8 million relating to an increase in the U.K. corporate income tax rate,
       partially offset by a $1.3 million increase in our share of income from BOX from Q1/21 to Q2/21.

Q1/21 compared with Q4/20

   •   Revenue was $252.0 million in Q1/21, up $32.5 million or 15% from $219.5 million in Q4/20 attributable to
       increases in revenue across all our operating segments.

   •   Operating expenses in Q1/21 were $119.3 million, up $5.9 million or 5%, from $113.4 million in Q4/20. The
       increase in costs was primarily attributable to increased payroll taxes of $3.8 million, increased pension expenses
       of $2.9 million, higher headcount, higher short term employee performance incentive plan and sales commissions
       costs of $0.9 million, and higher long term performance incentive plan costs of $0.8 million. These increases in
       operating expenses were partially offset by lower severance costs of $2.8 million in Q1/21, the write-off of costs
       related to discontinued initiatives in Q4/20, and lower information technology professional services costs.




                                        2021 Annual Report     64    TMX Group Limited                                Page 56
   •   Income from operations increased from Q4/20 to Q1/21 largely due to higher revenue partially offset by higher
       operating expenses.

   •   Net income in Q1/21 was $96.4 million, or $1.71 per common share on a basic and $1.70 on a diluted basis,
       compared with a net income of $71.8 million, or $1.27 per common share on a basic and $1.26 on a diluted basis,
       for Q4/20. The increase in net income and earnings per share from Q4/20 to Q1/21 was driven by an increase in
       income from operations of $26.6 million. There was also a significant increase in our share of income from BOX
       from Q4/20 to Q1/21.

Q4/20 compared with Q3/20

   •   Revenue was $219.5 million in Q4/20, up $11.9 million or 6% from $207.6 million in Q3/20 largely attributable to
       increases in revenue from Capital Formation, Equities and Fixed Income Trading, CDS, Derivatives Trading &
       Clearing, and GSIA partially offset by lower Other revenue.

   •   Operating expenses in Q4/20 were $113.4 million, up $6.2 million or 6%, from $107.2 million in Q3/20. The
       increase reflected higher severance costs of $3.4 million, increased short term employee performance incentive
       plan costs, higher software license and information technology professional services costs, the write-off of costs
       related to discontinued initiatives and increased marketing costs. In addition, the recovery in a commodity tax
       provision, which reduced operating expenses, was $0.2 million in Q4/20 compared with $1.3 million in Q3/20.
       These increases were somewhat offset by decreases in long term employee performance incentive plan costs and
       lower COVID-19 pandemic related costs. Transaction related costs pertaining to the proposed AST Canada
       acquisition declined by $1.1 million from Q3/20 to Q4/20.

   •   Income from operations increased from Q4/20 to Q3/20 largely due to the higher revenue somewhat offset by
       higher operating expenses.

   •   Net income in Q4/20 was $71.8 million, or $1.27 per common share on a basic and $1.26 on a diluted basis,
       compared with a net income of $70.0 million, or $1.24 per common share on a basic and $1.23 on a diluted basis,
       for Q3/20. The increase in net income and earnings per share was driven by the higher income from operations in
       Q4/20 compared with Q3/20. This increase was partially offset by a loss of $0.9 million in equity accounted
       investees in Q4/20 compared to a gain of $2.9 million in Q3/20. This was driven by an expense of approximately
       $5.1 million representing our share of BOX's long term employee performance incentive plan costs for 2020 which
       were recorded in Q4/20.

Q3/20 compared with Q2/20

   •   Revenue was $207.6 million in Q3/20, down $10.1 million or 5% from $217.7 million in Q2/20 largely attributable
       to decreases in revenue from Equities and Fixed Income Trading and Clearing, Derivatives Trading and Clearing,
       and GSIA, excluding Trayport, largely offset by increases in revenue from both Capital Formation and Trayport.

   •   Operating expenses in Q3/20 were $107.2 million, down $12.1 million or 10%, from $119.3 million in Q2/20. The
       decrease was largely attributable to a decline in Selling, general and administration expenses, which included
       $12.4 million of net litigation settlement costs in Q2/20. Increases in short term employee performance
       incentive plan costs, severance, consulting fees and transaction related costs of $1.4 million were largely offset by
       decreases in long term employee performance incentive plan costs, bad debt expense, the reversal of a
       commodity tax provision of $1.3 million and lower COVID-19 pandemic related costs.

   •   Income from operations increased from Q2/20 to Q3/20 largely due to the lower operating expenses largely offset
       by lower revenue.

   •   Net income in Q3/20 was $70.0 million, or $1.24 per common share on a basic and $1.23 on a diluted basis,
       compared with a net income of $67.8 million, or $1.20 per common share on a basic and $1.19 on a diluted basis,
       for Q2/20. The increase in net income and earnings per share was driven by the higher income from operations in
       Q3/20 compared with Q2/20.

Q2/20 compared with Q1/20

   •   Revenue was $217.7 million in Q2/20, down $2.6 million or 1% from $220.3 million in Q1/20 largely attributable
       to decreases in revenue from Derivatives Trading and Clearing, CDS, Trayport, as well as Other revenue, largely
       offset by increases in Capital Formation, Equities and Fixed Income Trading and GSIA, excluding Trayport.


                                        2021 Annual Report    65    TMX Group Limited                                Page 57
•   Operating expenses in Q2/20 were $119.3 million, up $10.0 million or 9%, from $109.3 million in Q1/20. The
    increase was largely related to net litigation settlement costs. There were also higher short term employee
    performance incentive plan, recruitment and COVID-19 pandemic related costs, which were offset by lower salary
    and benefits costs and reduced travel and entertainment expenses from Q1/20 to Q2/20.

•   Income from operations decreased from Q1/20 to Q2/20 largely due to the lower revenue and higher operating
    expenses.

•   Net income in Q2/20 was $67.8 million, or $1.20 per common share on a basic and $1.19 on a diluted basis,
    compared with a net income of $70.1 million, or $1.25 per common share on a basic and $1.24 on a diluted basis,
    for Q1/20. The decrease in net income and earnings per share was driven by the lower income from operations in
    Q2/20 compared with Q1/20. During Q1/20, there was a change in the expected U.K. corporate income tax rate.
    This resulted in an increase in deferred income tax liabilities and a corresponding increase in income tax expense
    of $7.4 million, which reduced net income for Q1/20. The decrease in basic and diluted earnings per share was
    also due to an increase in the number of weighted-average common shares outstanding in Q2/20 compared with
    Q1/20.




                                        2021 Annual Report    66    TMX Group Limited                          Page 58
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

Executive Summary

TMX Group provides essential services to the Canadian capital and global commodity markets and effectively managing
risks and objective certainty41 is fundamental to our ability to execute on our enterprise and business strategies. The
purpose of enterprise risk management (ERM) is to facilitate and support the businesses in their pursuit of their
objectives to ensure the outcomes of these activities are transparent and understood, consistent with our risk appetite,
appropriately balance risk and reward, and serve as inputs into the enterprise strategy formulation process.

We have identified a number of principles which guide our management of risks, including the following:

         •   We promote and maintain an enterprise-wide ethical culture that values the importance of effective risk
             management in day-to-day business activities and decision making, and encourages frank and open
             communication.

         •   Our business units and corporate functions own the objectives, and therefore risks, assumed in their
             activities and are accountable for the effective management of those risks, supported by the risk
             management and internal audit functions. TMX uses Five Lines of Accountability (see below) which
             enhances the Three Lines model while recognizing the role of senior management and the Board in risk
             management. We define these roles and responsibilities and associated levels of authority for risk-taking
             across the enterprise.

         •   We employ effective and consistent risk management processes across the enterprise to ensure that
             objectives and risks are transparent, well understood, and remain within an accepted and approved level
             of risk appetite.

         •   We employ sufficient resources and effective tools, methods, models and technology to support our risk
             management processes.

         •   Our ERM framework reflects industry standards and legal and regulatory requirements, and is regularly
             reassessed.

Effective risk management is fundamental to our ability to drive long-term sustainable growth through the execution of
our strategic and operational objectives. Our Objective Centric Risk Management (“OCRM”) approach to risk
management addresses opportunities, uncertainties and threats to the successful achievement of our objectives rather
than managing our risks in isolation. This OCRM approach to risk management does not change the risks faced by our
organization. Instead, it anchors the risk management process to our objectives which supports the proper allocation of
resources across the enterprise. As illustrated in the diagram below, using OCRM requires senior management, under
the supervision of the Board, to (i) clearly define roles across the businesses; (ii) explicitly specify risk and assurance
requirements; and (iii) determine the business objectives that warrant more formal and visible risk assessment
processes. This ensures the integration of the enterprise's objectives, risks, risk treatments, and performance. The
Board has established a set of enterprise objectives and the Strategy and Risk Committee (“SRC”), a management
committee of TMX Group, determines the key risks to the successful achievement of our objectives, identifies new or
emerging risks, evaluates our execution strategy and allocates resources as required.




41
   TMX has adopted an Objective Centric Risk Management ("OCRM") approach where the emphasis is on Objective
Certainty rather than risk registers. OCRM is an approach to managing risks that is anchored in objectives through an
integrated approach that aligns risk activities to strategies, objectives and performance. It reaffirms responsibility for
risk to individuals who are responsible for achieving the objectives.




                                                                                                                        Page 59


                                         2021 Annual Report     67    TMX Group Limited
Key risks identified are:

Market and Macroeconomic Risk: A significant portion of our revenue comes from trading revenue. Similar to other
exchanges, this is highly sensitive to macroeconomic conditions. Canada is our largest geographic concentration of
revenue. Given the majority of business is conducted domestically, macroeconomic factors such as GDP growth,
regulations, interest rates, volatility, and market activity, can impact our business.

Cyber Risk: Our processes and networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to
information risks, including unauthorized access, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, and other security issues.
Remote working necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic has placed a greater emphasis on the integrity and capacity
of our networks. Attempted cyber attacks were on the rise in 2021 and a successful cyber scam or attack could
adversely impact our business.

Pandemic Risk: The economic and market conditions in Canada, the United States, Europe, Asia and the rest of the
world impact different aspects of our business and our revenue drivers. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant
volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity,
results of operations and long-term financial objectives. Listing, trading and clearing activities can be significantly
affected by economic, political and market conditions as well as the overall level of investor confidence. These factors
can impact the level of initial public offerings, secondary financings, market capitalization of our issuers, transfer agent
and trustee services, trading volumes, energy data and network connectivity, client hosting revenue, and sales of
market data across our markets. This can also lead to slower collections of accounts receivable as well as increased
counterparty risk which, in turn, could adversely affect our business. Additionally, if we are required to suspend trading
for a prolonged period of time or shorten trading hours, our business, operating results, long term financial objectives,
cash flows, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.




                                                                                                                         Page 60



                                          2021 Annual Report     68     TMX Group Limited
While key initiatives continue, some could be delayed or postponed indefinitely due to lack of availability of clients,
regulators or third parties for effective engagement and business development. Although we continue to plan and
engage with these key external stakeholders, their level of readiness and commitment is outside of our control;
therefore, revenues could be lower than anticipated.

In response to COVID-19, the vast majority of our staff are working remotely, which may increase our exposure to cyber
security and operational risks. The impacts of the pandemic could also materially interrupt our business operations and
cause material financial loss, human resource constraints, result in adverse regulatory actions, lead to delays in
obtaining regulatory or government approvals, interrupt services received from third parties or provided to clients,
[and/or] result in reputational harm or legal liability. This in turn could materially adversely affect our business, cash
flows, financial condition, operating results and long-term financial objectives. While all our business units and
corporate functions have business continuity plans to support critical operations and mitigate such risks, a prolonged
interruption in our key services could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, operating results, long term
financial objectives, cash flows, and financial condition.

Competition Risk: We compete with other exchanges domestically and internationally on listings, cash equities, equity
option trading, trade matching and execution vendors. Muted capital markets activity may result in lower revenue
related to capital raising activities. Additionally, competing vendors could reduce the number of venue customers,
subscribers and our ability to enter new markets.

Execution Risk: We are exposed to the risk that we lack capabilities or fail to prioritize initiatives to deliver against our
strategy and objectives in an efficient and effective manner. Additionally, if we do not engage external stakeholders
sufficiently we may fail to ensure alignment and readiness on key initiatives.

Concentration Risk: A large portion of the Canadian economy is based in natural resources and energy related business
and as such, we are exposed to downturns in these sectors as they can impact capital formation business and the
trading and clearing activity.

Key Person and Employee Retention Risk: Should key senior management positions become vacant there could be a
loss of knowledge and expertise resulting in risk to executing our strategy. Additionally, if there is an increase in
employee turnover or we receive fewer candidates for open positions there may be a need for some businesses to
adjust initiatives or there may be an increase in operational incidents.

Advancing Sustainability and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Initiatives Risk: We have set about the
work of integrating ESG objectives and initiatives into TMX Group's core objectives and with the goal of positioning
TMX Group as a leading marketplace for sustainable investment and finance with our products and services. Key
sustainability and ESG related risks include business resilience, client concentration and natural resource and energy-
related businesses, cybersecurity and information technology and talent management. Should we fail to embed this
work, it could have negative reputational, strategic and financial implications on our multiple and valuation.

A key risk we face is our ability to adapt given the multiple degrees of change happening at an accelerated pace in
today’s society which requires us to look for areas of opportunity despite the challenges, and factor potential scenarios
into our planning.

These risks and uncertainties are further expanded upon below. The risks and uncertainties discussed in this section
are not the only ones facing TMX Group. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we
currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our reputation, business, financial condition, or operating results could be adversely affected.




                                                                                                                           Page 61


                                           2021 Annual Report     69     TMX Group Limited
Competition Risk

We are exposed to the risk that established and new competitors, including disruptive technology providers, will
challenge our business model and objectives.


Our Capital Formation business competes with other exchanges and other financing platforms

We compete for listings with North American exchanges in a broad range of sectors and also internationally,
particularly for resource companies and small and medium sized enterprises. We also face competition from North
American and international exchanges for Canadian listings. Domestically, we currently compete for listings with two
other exchanges.

We also compete with institutions and various market participants that offer alternative forms of financing including
private equity, venture capital and various forms of debt financing. Many of these alternative forms of financing and
our traditional domestic competitors may subject issuers to different regulatory rules and oversight and different
obligations from those associated with being listed on our markets.


TSX, TSXV and TSX Alpha Exchange face competition from other exchanges, other marketplaces and
trading mechanisms

We face competition for business from other exchanges, especially those in the U.S. as investing becomes more global.
In particular, these competitors could look to attract Canadian issuers that are listed on one of our exchanges. For
example, two of our U.S.-based competitors operate a Canadian market. It is possible that these competitors could, in
addition to competing for listing and trading of Canadian issuers, enter into other business areas in which we currently
operate.

In addition, the variety of other marketplaces and trading venues in the U.S. that trade Canadian securities, including
dark markets and internalization facilities, places increasing competitive pressure on our business. For example, some
market participants in the U.S., known as wholesalers, are currently able to pay our customers for order flow under U.S.
securities laws and regulations. This practice is not permitted in Canada, and therefore puts us at a competitive
disadvantage. IIROC published guidance and a technical notice to clarify the requirements for investment dealers when
orders in Canadian-listed securities are executed away from Canadian markets, an important step in IIROC’s approach
to addressing concerns about the routing of orders to the U.S. If we are unable to continue to provide competitive
trade execution, the volume traded in all interlisted issuers on our equity exchanges could decrease in the future and
adversely affect our operating results. Our combined market share (including TSX, TSXV, and Alpha) of the total volume
traded in Canadian based interlisted issues was approximately 30% in 2021, down slightly from 31% in 2020. Our cash
equities sales team is focused on attracting more foreign participants and order flow by raising the level of awareness
of the benefits of trading on TSX, TSXV and Alpha.

Domestic competition in our cash equities trading business has intensified over the last few years, namely with US
operator CBOE acquiring key assets in Canada. There are currently 15 Canadian equity marketplaces which trade TSX
and/or TSXV listed securities, including dark and visible trading venues. There are also sophisticated mechanisms to
internalize order flow, liquidity aggregators and smart order routers that facilitate trading on other venues. New
market entrants have fragmented domestic equities market share and we continue to face significant competitive
pressure from existing venues, and potential new entrants. Excluding intentional crosses, in the issues we trade, our
combined domestic equities trading market share was 65%42 in 2021, down from 67% in 2020. We only trade securities
that are listed on TSX or TSXV. Excluding intentional crosses, in all listed issues in Canada, our combined domestic
equities trading market share was 53% in 2021, down from 59% in 2020.

42
     Source: IIROC




                                                                                                                     Page 62




                                        2021 Annual Report    70     TMX Group Limited
These trading venues may, among other things, respond more quickly to competitive pressures, develop similar or
alternative products and services to those that TSX, TSXV and Alpha offer that are preferred by customers, develop and
expand their network infrastructures and offerings more efficiently, adapt more swiftly to new or emerging
technologies and changes in customer requirements, and adopt better, more user friendly and reliable technology. If
these trading venues attract significant order flow, or other market structure changes occur in the marketplace which
negatively impacts our ability to effectively compete, our listing, trading and GSIA revenue could be materially
adversely affected.

There is also intense price competition in the cash equities markets where competitors may price their trading and data
products more attractively. While we have developed a pricing mix to attract greater liquidity to our markets, the
competitive environment in which we operate places significant pricing pressures on our trading and market data
offerings. Some competitors may seek to increase their share of trading by reducing their transaction fees, by offering
larger liquidity payments, by offering inverted pricing and/or by offering other forms of financial or other incentives.
We have in the past lowered our equity trading fees and we may, in the future, be required to adjust our pricing to
respond to competitive pricing pressure. If we are unable to compete successfully with respect to the pricing of our
offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

MX and CDCC face competition from other venues and OTC markets

While MX is the only Canadian financial derivatives exchange offering standardized products and CDCC the only
clearing house headquartered in Canada clearing such products, their various component activities are exposed. MX
already competes with, among others, cross-listed options and other derivatives exchanges as well as the OTC market.
This competition from other exchanges exists particularly in the US, but also in Europe and Asia. For example, in the
U.S., MX competes for market share of trading single stock options on Canadian-based inter-listings, or dual listings.
However, options traded in the U.S. are not fungible with those traded in Canada. In addition, OTC regulatory reform
that is underway in Canada could encourage the entry of new competition within the Canadian clearing space. OTC
inter-dealer and dealer-to-client trading platforms represent increased competitive risk to MX with their lookalike and
substitute products. We may, in the future, also face competition from other Canadian marketplaces. These
competitors may, among other things, respond more quickly to competitive pressures, develop similar products to
those MX offers that are preferred by customers or they may develop alternative competitive products. Furthermore,
they may price their products more competitively, develop and expand their network infrastructures and offerings
more efficiently, adapt more swiftly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements and use
better, more user friendly and reliable technology. Increased competition could lead to reduced interest in MX’s
products which could materially adversely affect our business and operating results.

The Canadian clearing services market may become more competitive as some competitors receive recognition or
exemption orders from regulators to operate as clearing agencies. Provincial regulators have also exempted from
recognition in their respective province a number of foreign clearing agencies, allowing those exempted clearing
agencies to provide clearing services to participants in the province under the terms of the applicable exemption
orders, including Eurex Clearing AG and Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc.

Increasing regulatory requirements imposed upon banks through higher capital requirements imposed under the Basel
regulatory framework, which increase the costs of acting as a futures clearing agent on behalf of end customers may
make clearing services more challenging for end customers to obtain, which could limit growth in the futures clearing
business. Other major competitors may gain some of this business as they have started to offer clearing services
directly to end customers, attenuating challenges end customers may face in obtaining clearing agent services from
banks.

The derivatives trading industry is characterized by intense price competition. While our derivatives markets have
developed a pricing mix to attract greater liquidity to these markets while maintaining our average price per contract,
market conditions may result in increased competition which, in turn, may place significant pricing pressures in the
future. Some competitors may seek to increase their share of trading by reducing their transaction fees, by offering
larger liquidity payments or by offering other forms of financial or other incentives. Our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected as a result of these developments.




                                                                                                                       Page 63


                                         2021 Annual Report     71    TMX Group Limited
Shorcan faces competition from OTC markets and other sources

Shorcan has several competitors in the Canadian fixed income Inter-Dealer Broker ("IDB") market. If Shorcan fails to
attract institutional dealer order flow from this market, it could adversely affect its business and operating results.

Global Solutions, Insights and Analytics faces competition in bringing products to market

We face competition in market data, from other trading venues and vendors who aggregate and consolidate data.
Market data is generated from trading activity and the success of certain data products is linked to maintaining order
flow and majority market share. With the entry of new participants offering discounted market data products, we face
risks to our client base which may adversely impact revenue.

Competition in analytics is extremely fierce and we face competition with traditional channel partners who distribute
our data, fintechs, startups and as well as with our end consumers who choose to build their own analytics internally. It
is important to protect our intellectual property around the content we generate while maintaining flexibility in users’
approaches to maintain growth.

Trayport faces competition from other trade matching and execution vendors

Trayport has competition from other vendors who offer matching and execution tools for brokers, exchanges and
traders in its core European energy markets and in new global markets and asset classes Trayport looks to enter.
Success of these competitor vendors could reduce the number of Trayport venue customers and total subscribers, and
limit the ability for Trayport to enter new markets.

Trayport’s venue customers face competition from other venues or trading platforms and a reduction in Trayport’s
customers market share or liquidity could lead to a reduction in Trayport subscriber numbers.

Trayport also faces competition from venues who may attempt to make it more difficult for Trayport’s customers to
access venue data via the Trayport platform in an attempt to prioritize trade execution directly on their venue platform
or away from Trayport. This could lead to a reduction in subscriber numbers, more difficulty in converting sales
opportunities and expanding into new geographies.




Economic Risk

We are exposed to the risk that the macroeconomic and industry conditions (among others, the commodity cycle and
economic growth) will challenge our business model and objectives.

We depend on the economy of Canada

Our financial results are, and continue to be affected by the Canadian economy, including by commodity prices in the
resource sector. Any prolonged economic downturn, could have a significant negative impact on our business. We
have increased our focus on the innovation sector. However, capital required by issuers in this sector is often lower
than that raised by issuers in the resource sectors. If the profit growth of Canadian-based companies is generally lower
than the profit growth of companies based in other countries, the markets on which those other issuers are listed may
be more attractive to investors than our equity exchanges. A large portion of the Canadian economy is based in natural
resources and energy related businesses. As such, we are exposed to macroeconomic factors that impact these sectors,
including those driven by environmental regulations and the growth of sustainable investing. We are providing ESG
education sessions and resources to connect, encourage and support our clients in their ESG practices. Nonetheless, a
prolonged economic downturn may have a negative impact on investment performance, which could materially
adversely affect the number of issuers and new listed issuers, the market capitalization of our listed issuers, additional




                                                                                                                      Page 64


                                         2021 Annual Report    72     TMX Group Limited
securities being listed or reserved, trading volumes across our markets, the number of transactions related to our
equity and fixed income clearing and settlement, depository, custodial and entitlement services and market data sales.

Our operating results may be adversely impacted by global economic conditions

The economic and market conditions in Canada, the United States, Europe, Asia and the rest of the world impact the
different aspects of our business and our revenue drivers. In particular, lower commodity prices, can, and have,
negatively impacted our business. Changes in the economy, including COVID-induced supply constraints, inflation and
political climate in the United States and Asia Pacific, including changes relating to trade agreements, could impact our
business. In addition, increased uncertainty in Europe, and the possibility of sovereign defaults on debt, may also
impact our business, including that of Trayport. Tensions over trade deficits and technology companies between China
and the United States may impact growth plans in Asia in the short term. Because listing, initial and additional
financing, trading and clearing activities are significantly affected by economic, political and market conditions and the
overall level of investor confidence, they impact the level of listing activity (including IPOs), the market capitalization of
our issuers, trading and clearing volumes and sales of data across our markets. In addition, our clearing customers face
higher credit costs associated with complying with margining regimes which could result in lower volumes.

Global market and economic conditions have fluctuated in recent years, and we have witnessed both high and low
levels of volatility. While higher volatility in markets can generate increased transaction volume, when coupled with
prolonged negative economic conditions higher volatility can adversely affect trading volumes and the demand for
market data and can lead to slower collections of accounts receivable as well as increased counterparty risk which, in
turn, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. A low-volatility environment can
result in lower levels of trading and clearing, particularly for derivative products, placing downward pressure on
operating results.

We depend on market activity that is outside of our control

Our revenue is highly dependent upon the level of activity on our exchanges and clearing houses, including: the volume
of securities traded on our cash markets; the number of transactions, volume of contracts or products traded and
cleared on our derivatives markets; the number and market capitalization of listed issuers; the number of new listings;
the number of active traders and brokerage firms; the number of transactions related to our equity and fixed income
clearing and settlement, depository services; and the number of subscribers to market data and Trayport services.

We do not have direct control over these variables. Among other things, these variables depend upon the relative
attractiveness of securities listed and traded on our exchanges and the relative attractiveness of our exchanges as a
place to list and trade those securities as compared to other exchanges and other trading mechanisms. Those variables
are in turn influenced by:

    •    the overall economic conditions and monetary policies in Canada, the United States, Europe, Asia, and in the
         world in general (especially growth levels, political stability and debt crisis);

    •    broad trends in business and corporate finance, including trends in the exchange industry, capital market
         trends and the mergers and acquisitions environment;

    •    the economic health of the resource sector;

    •    the level and volatility of interest rates and resulting attractiveness of alternative asset classes;

    •    the regulatory environment for investment in securities and derivatives, including the regulation of
         marketplaces and other market participants, both in Canada and other jurisdictions;

    •    the relative activity and performance of global capital markets;




                                                                                                                          Page 65


                                           2021 Annual Report     73     TMX Group Limited
    •    investor confidence in the prospects and integrity of our listed issuers, and the prospects of Canadian-based
         listed issuers in general;

    •    pricing volatility of global commodities and energy markets; and

    •    changes in tax legislation that would impact the relative attractiveness of certain types of securities or
         derivatives, or listing in certain countries.

We may be able to indirectly influence the volume of trading and clearing by providing efficient, reliable and cost
effective trading and clearing; maximizing the availability of timely, reliable information upon which research, advice
and investment decisions can be based; and maximizing the ease of access to listings, trading and clearing facilities.
However, those activities may not have a positive effect on or effectively counteract the factors that are outside of our
control. We face a risk that regulators may impose higher burdens on our clients that could impinge on their ability to
invest.




Strategic Risk

We are exposed to the risk of attaining sub-optimal enterprise business performance due to:

Opportunity Cost Risk: failure to develop, assess and select optimal pathways for portfolio-level success in context of
enterprise capabilities, resources, and the external environment

Implementation Risk: failure to commit to chosen pathways and translate them into clear actions and goals

Execution and Change Management Risk: failure to execute committed plans, identify changes in the strategic context
of the business with sufficient foresight, and to develop, select and execute effective responses

Our strategic planning processes may not enable us to identify and properly respond to opportunities or
threats resulting in our inability to develop new products and services that meet clients’ evolving needs

Our strategic planning process includes a thorough analysis of the business context in which we operate as well as
significant peer and competitive analysis. While we regularly test the key assumptions underlying our strategic plan, it
is possible that we may not identify or respond to opportunities or threats in our industry despite the investment of
time and resources in this process.




Execution Risk

We are exposed to the risk that we lack capabilities or fail to prioritize initiatives to deliver against our strategy and
objectives in an efficient and effective manner. It is possible that our capital allocation decisions may not be optimal.

We may not be successful in executing our strategy

We invest significant resources in the development and execution of our corporate strategy to grow profitability and
maximize shareholder value. We may not succeed in executing our strategies effectively because of, among other
things, turbulent market conditions, increased global competition, inability to mobilize or co-ordinate internal
resources on a timely basis, difficulty developing and introducing products or regulatory restrictions. In addition, we
may have difficulty obtaining financing for new business opportunities, due to financial restrictions that currently or
may in the future be placed on TMX Group under our Commercial Paper Program, Debentures, Credit Facility,




                                                                                                                       Page 66


                                         2021 Annual Report    74     TMX Group Limited
Recognition Orders and under our regulatory oversight agreements. While we have established processes and tools for
effective and rigourous oversight of our key initiatives, any of these factors could materially adversely affect the
successful execution of our strategies. Inadequate succession planning could slow the successful execution of our
strategy. The execution of our strategy could also be impacted if we failed to respond quickly to a changing landscape.

New business activities may adversely affect income

We may enter new business activities which, while they could provide opportunities for us, may also impose
restrictions on us and/or have an adverse effect on our existing profitability. While we would expect to realize new
revenue from these new activities, there is a risk that this new revenue would not be greater than the associated costs
or any related decline in existing revenue sources.

Expansion of our operations internationally involves unique challenges that we may not be able to meet

We continue to expand our operations internationally, including making acquisitions, opening offices and acquiring
distribution, technology and other systems in foreign jurisdictions, and obtaining regulatory authorizations or
exemptions to allow remote access to our markets by approved participants outside Canada. We expect that the
expansion of access to our electronic markets will continue to increase the portion of our business that is generated
from outside Canada. We face certain risks inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the
regulated exchange and clearing businesses. These risks include, but are not limited to:

    •    restrictions on the use of trading terminals direct connectivity to our marketplace or the contracts that may be
         traded;

    •    geopolitical unrest;

    •    reduced protection for intellectual property rights;

    •    difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;

    •    potentially adverse tax consequences;

    •    enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; and

    •    foreign currency fluctuations for international business.

We would be required to comply with the laws and regulations of foreign governmental and regulatory authorities of
each country in which we need to obtain authorizations or exemptions for remote access to our markets. These may
include laws, rules and regulations relating to any aspect of the business. In many cases, the additional costs related to
compliance can be substantial, and could outweigh the potential benefits. International expansion may expose TMX
Group to geographic regions that may be subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than countries
with developed economies.

Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the success of our plans to grow our international
presence and market products and services and consequently on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.



Integration/Divestitures Risk

We are exposed to the risk that we fail to integrate acquisitions to achieve the planned economics or divest under-
performing businesses effectively.




                                                                                                                      Page 67


                                          2021 Annual Report    75    TMX Group Limited
We face risks associated with integrating the operations, systems, and personnel of acquisitions

As part of our strategy to sustain growth, we have and expect to continue to pursue appropriate acquisitions of other
companies and technologies. An acquisition will only be successful if we can integrate the acquired businesses’
operations, products and personnel; retain key personnel; and expand our financial and management controls and our
reporting systems and procedures to accommodate the acquired businesses. It is possible that integrating an
acquisition could result in less management time being devoted to other parts of our core business. In addition,
pursuant to the Final Recognition Orders43, prior regulatory approval is required before TMX Group can implement
significant integration, combination or reorganization of businesses, operations or corporate functions among TMX
Group entities. The requirement to obtain these approvals may restrict or delay TMX Group’s ability to make planned
changes to these aspects of its operations in the future which could have a material adverse effect on TMX Group’s
business, financial condition and results of operations. If an investment, acquisition or other transaction does not fulfill
expectations, we may have to write down its value in the future and/or sell at a loss.

We face risks associated with not being able to divest under-performing businesses

As part of our normal course of operations and strategic review processes, we may from time to time identify
underperforming assets or businesses that we choose to divest.

Similar to integration risks, we also face the risks of not divesting under-performing businesses in a timely and effective
manner to enable better utilization of our capital and other resources.




Operational Risks

Technology Risk

We are exposed to the risk that our technology and underlying IT processes do not enable us to develop and/or deliver
our products and services effectively.

We depend heavily on information technology, which could fail or be subject to disruptions

We are extremely dependent on our information technology systems. Trading and data on our cash equities markets,
data on energy markets, trading, clearing and data on our derivatives markets and clearing, settlement and depository
activity for equities and fixed income securities are conducted exclusively on an electronic basis.

We have incident and disaster recovery and contingency plans as well as back-up procedures to mitigate the risk of an
interruption, failure or disruption, including those due to cyber attacks on our critical information technology including
that of TSX, TSXV, Alpha, MX, Trayport, CDCC and CDS. We also test and exercise our disaster recovery plans. However,
depending on an actual failure or disruption, those plans may not be adequate as it is difficult to foresee every possible
scenario and therefore, we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of a system failure or interruption. We have experienced
occasional information technology failures and delays in the past, and we could experience future information
technology failures, delays or other interruptions.

The current technological architecture for our clearing system may not effectively or efficiently support our changing
business requirements.




43
     Recognition orders issued by the securities regulators with respect to the Maple Transaction.




                                                                                                                        Page 68


                                                2021 Annual Report      76     TMX Group Limited
We are heavily invested in a Post Trade Modernization project; the significant delay, material increase of costs or
failure of which may impact participant, regulator or market confidence. Additionally, the project may be further
postponed if other important industry project timelines are prioritized.

We are continually improving our information technology systems so that we can accommodate increases and changes
in our trading, clearing, settlement and depository activities and market data volumes to respond to customer demand
for improved performance. This requires ongoing analysis and expenditures, and may require us to expend significant
amounts of resources in the future. System changes, including the introduction of new technologies, may introduce
risk; while we have and continue to follow, standard deployment processes for managing and testing these changes,
we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of a system failure or interruption.

If the TMX Quantum XA trading enterprise, the SOLA derivatives trading enterprise, the SOLA Clearing platform, or
CDS's CDSX system fail to perform in accordance with expectations, our business, financial condition and operating
results may be materially adversely affected.

Information Security and Privacy Risk

We are exposed to the risk that information security breaches will adversely affect the operations, intellectual property
and reputation of TMX Group.

Cyber threats continue to evolve and increase around the world. In addition to the growing threat posed by
ransomware, double-extortion schemes, and the withdrawal of insurance coverage for increasingly costly ransom
payments, state-sponsored actors are now more involved in cyber-attacks and cyber espionage. These sophisticated
attacks target supply chains, cloud infrastructure or weak public facing applications and, in many cases, leave little
behind in the way of footprints to be identified by traditional computer forensic analysis. Finally, insider threats can be
malicious or unintended, the latter typically originating from lack of awareness or improper operationalization of
security policies.

Our processes and networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to data
security risks, including cyber attack
Our processes and networks and those of our third-party service providers, our POs, approved participants, clearing
members and our customers may be vulnerable to information security risks, including unauthorized access, computer
viruses, theft of data, denial of service attacks, and other security issues. Persons who circumvent security measures
could wrongfully use our information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations which could damage the
integrity of our markets and data provision, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat
of security breaches or to alleviate problems, including reputational harm and litigation, caused by any breaches.
Although we intend to continue to implement industry-standard security measures, these measures may prove to be
inadequate and result in system failures and delays that could lower trading volume and have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




Geopolitical & External Disruption Risks

We are exposed to the risks that geopolitical upheavals (e.g. a terrorist attack) or non-political external events (e.g.
extreme weather, pandemics) will affect the provision of our critical services.

Geopolitical, climate change and other factors could interrupt our critical business functions

The continuity of our critical business functions could be interrupted by geopolitical upheaval, including terrorist,
criminal and political, or other types of external disruptions, including pandemics, human error, climate change, natural




                                                                                                                       Page 69


                                         2021 Annual Report     77    TMX Group Limited
disasters, extreme weather, power loss, telecommunication failures, theft, sabotage and vandalism. Given our position
in the Canadian capital markets, we may be more likely than other companies to be a target of such activities.

Our Business Resilience program consists of a series of integrated crisis management, disaster recovery, pandemic and
business continuity plans for critical business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. Within these plans,
leaders and managers have identified critical roles and critical processes that we are ready to maintain should a
situation worsen.

All critical operations maintain a split operation for both data centres and office space, to provide redundancy and
back-up in terms of technology, facilities and staffing to reduce the risk and maintain recovery time objectives in the
event of a disruption. Any interruption to our key services could impair our reputation, damage our brand name, and
negatively impact our financial condition and operating results.




Talent Management Risk

We are exposed to the risk that we are unable to attract and/or retain talented employees, which adversely affects the
achievement of our objectives.

We need to retain and attract qualified personnel

Our success depends to a significant extent upon the continued employment and performance of a number of key
management personnel whose compensation is partially tied to share options and other long-term incentive plans that
mature over time. The value of this compensation is dependent upon total shareholder return performance factors,
which includes appreciation in our share price. The loss of the services of key personnel could materially adversely
affect our business and operating results.

We also believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled
technical and managerial personnel. Changes in the labor market and work environments as a result of the pandemic
continue to present additional risks including: (i) a shortage of qualified personnel in areas that are critical to our
operations, (ii) rapidly shifting employee or candidate expectations regarding pay and benefits, work location or other
work attributes which hinders our ability to source required talent quickly, and (iii) a potential decline in performance
or productivity for some personnel who cannot adapt to hybrid work conditions and/or health and safety protocols and
policies. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business and operational results. To mitigate these risks, we are
investing in enhanced recruiting tools and practices that support robust and diverse candidate sourcing, investing in
talent assessment and development tools to ensure we retain top talent, and developing hybrid working guidelines and
a future of work strategy that accommodates diverse employee needs and preferences.

Evolving social conditions have also heightened employee expectations regarding diversity, equity and inclusion (ED&I)
practices, which contribute to an employee’s desire to join or stay with an organization. In response, we developed an
employee-led ED&I Strategic Advisory Council and recently launched our first enterprise ED&I strategy which builds on
the information and feedback provided in our 2020 ED&I employee survey. This strategy aligns with our organizational
values and promotes an inclusive culture of belonging for all. If there is an increase in employee turnover or we receive
fewer candidates for open positions there may be a need for some businesses to adjust initiatives or there may be an
increase in operational incidents which may negatively impact our business, operations, financial condition and
performance.

Insider Threat Risk

We may be exposed to a threat where an authorized employee may take bad faith actions towards our employee base,
technology, information or operations. We conduct background checks prior to the offer of employment and
throughout the individual's employment; the frequency of which is based on their level of access. Access levels are




                                                                                                                       Page 70


                                         2021 Annual Report     78    TMX Group Limited
reviewed on a regular basis and all access changes/terminations are communicated in a timely manner. All access is
logged by Security on a continuous basis and requires multi factor authentication (MFA) . TMX Group networks,
endpoints and user’s behaviour are monitored by leveraging systems that trigger on use-cases and anomalies, to
identify rogue users or compromised accounts.

We provide a Whistleblower program that allows employees to report anonymously any suspicious behaviour or policy
non-compliance by other employees. This program is administered by a third party provider that activates the
investigative process.

Our trading, clearing and depository businesses could be exposed to loss due to operational
failures

If our systems are significantly compromised or disrupted or if we suffer repeated failures, this could interrupt our cash
equities trading services, MX’s trading and CDCC’s clearing services, CDS’ clearing, settlement and depository services;
cause delays in settlement; cause us to lose data; corrupt our trading and clearing operations, data and records; or
disrupt our business operations. This could undermine confidence in our exchanges and clearinghouses, materially
adversely affect our reputation or operating results, and may lead to customer claims, litigation and regulatory
sanctions. Failure of CDS’ systems could also affect other systemically important financial infrastructures such as the
Large Value Transfer System operated by Payments Canada.

CDS holds securities on behalf of its participants in safe keeping. A small portion of this securities inventory is held in
physical form. This risk is mitigated through layers of physical security arrangements as well as insurance coverage.
However, CDS may be exposed to the risk of the loss or theft of these securities.

The operational processes at CDS and CDCC which provide clearing and central-counterparty services, are subject to
the risk of failure for which they may be held liable. These process failures may result in material financial losses. To
mitigate this risk, CDS and CDCC have instituted a comprehensive set of internal controls, which are audited by an
external party on at least an annual basis. CDS and CDCC are the sole clearers for the transactions they process.

Operations Risk relating to Transfer Agent and Corporate Trust, and Registered Plan Trustee Services
Business

Our transfer agent and corporate trust services business could be exposed to losses due to operational
risks

The principal risks associated with the services and products offered by TSX Trust are operational in nature as TSX Trust
is not involved in deposit taking and lending activities, nor does it trade in marketable securities. The most significant
operational risks include securities issuance and transfers, corporate actions processing, disbursements, escrows,
corporate trust, segregated finance, employee share price services, and segregated accounts reconciliation activities.
To mitigate these risks, its management has instituted a comprehensive set of internal controls, which are audited by
an external party on at least an annual basis in addition to the ongoing internal audit reviews.

In addition, the recent amalgamation of TSX Trust with AST Trust Company (Canada), and the ongoing integration
exposes TSX Trust to certain integration risks. These risks include delayed integration timeline, increase in associated
costs or key client attrition; if these risks materialize, it may impact TSX Trust’s ability to meet its objectives, including
the higher likelihood that expected synergies may not materialize. This may impact regulator or market confidence, in
addition to exposing TSX Trust to operational challenges. To mitigate these risks, TSX Trust has instituted a
comprehensive set of integration controls that are closely managed by TSX Trust Senior Management, with oversight
from the TSX Trust Board, to help ensure that TSX Trust’s objectives are achieved.




                                                                                                                            Page 71


                                           2021 Annual Report      79    TMX Group Limited
Model Risk

We are exposed to the risk that our clearing and settlement risk models used within our clearing houses are not
designed or operating effectively, thereby exposing us to systemic failure.

We are dependent on the accuracy and effective implementation of risk models

CDS and CDCC use financial models to estimate risk exposures and the value of margin and collateral to mitigate those
exposures. These models are subject to risks including the incorrect use of variables input into the models, the
misspecification of the model or errors in the implementation and/or use of models and their results which could result
in the risks resulting from a clearing member failure being inadequately collateralized. The model risks are mitigated
through model testing prior to implementation and the existence of a risk management framework with necessary
governance to regularly assess the adequacy of the models. In addition, our clearinghouse risk models are subject to
independent vetting and validation thereby ensuring that those models continue to perform as they were originally
designed to do. Failure of the models may result in under or over estimation of financial risk exposures and may create
systemic risks.




Third Party Risk

We are exposed to the risk that the use of third party vendors or outsourcing service providers for technology and/or
business processes will result in loss of critical business data and/or compromise controls.

We depend on third-party suppliers and service providers

We depend on a number of third parties, such as IIROC, cloud services, data processors, software and hardware
suppliers, communication and network suppliers, suppliers of electricity, and many other vendors, for elements of our
businesses including trading, clearing, routing, providing market data and other products and services. These third
parties may not be able to provide their services without interruption, or in an efficient, cost-effective manner. In
addition, we may not be able to renew our agreements with these third parties on favourable terms or at all. These
third parties also may not be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. We have established a
central procurement function focused on vendor selection and management. However, if a third party suffers an
interruption in or stops providing services and we cannot make suitable alternative arrangements, or if we fail to renew
certain of our agreements on favourable terms or at all, our business, financial condition or operating results could be
materially adversely affected.




Client Concentration Risk

We depend on an adequate number of clients

If we determine that there is not a fair market, the markets will be shut down. There will not be a fair market if too few
POs, or approved participants are able to access our cash equity or derivatives exchanges, including market data
information generated from these exchanges. If trading on our exchanges is interrupted or ceases, it could materially
adversely affect our equity or derivatives operations, our financial condition and our operating results.




                                                                                                                      Page 72


                                         2021 Annual Report    80     TMX Group Limited
Our trading and clearing operations depend primarily on a small number of clients

During 2021, approximately 82% of our trading and related revenue, net of rebates, on TSX and approximately 68% of
our trading and related revenue on TSXV were accounted for by the top ten POs on each exchange based on volumes
traded.

Approximately 55% of CDS’s revenue, net of rebates, in 2021 was accounted for by the top ten customers (excluding
securities regulators).

Approximately 78% of MX and CDCC’s trading and clearing revenue, net of rebates, in 2021 was accounted for by the
top ten participants based on volume of contracts traded.


If there was a significant decrease in revenue from several of these customers, there would be a negative impact on our
business.




Legal & Regulatory Risk

Regulatory Climate & Compliance

We are exposed to the risks that are associated with the complexity and unpredictability of our legal and regulatory
environment, including legislation and regulations that impact our listed issuers. Our response to regulatory
requirements could result in higher operating costs. Moreover, we are also exposed to the risk that we fail to comply
with laws and regulations, resulting in financial and reputational loss.

Cost of Regulation

We incur costs to comply with the regulatory requirements that are imposed pursuant to the Recognition Orders.

For more information on the regulatory impact on our business, please see the TMX Group Annual Information Form,
dated March 25, 2021.

We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to extensive regulation and could be subject to
increased regulatory scrutiny in the future

We are subject to significant regulatory constraints. We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to
extensive government regulation and we could be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny in the future. Regulators in
Canada, as well as regulators in other jurisdictions where we do business, such as the U.S., may regulate us, our
exchanges, our clearing houses and certain of our other businesses. Regulators in other jurisdictions may impose new
laws to regulate our current or future operations, and we may expand our operations to new regulated jurisdictions.

Our regulators have broad powers over the entities they regulate to audit, investigate and enforce compliance with
applicable regulations and impose sanctions for non-compliance.

Our regulators are vested with broad powers to prohibit us from engaging in certain business activities and to suspend
or revoke existing approval to engage in certain business activities, including exchange, clearing agency and SRO related
activities. In the case of actual or alleged non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements, our regulated entities
could be subject to investigations and administrative or judicial proceedings that may result in substantial penalties,
including the suspension or revocation of approval to operate as an exchange, clearing agency or SRO, as applicable.
Any such investigation or proceeding, whether successful or not, would result in substantial costs and diversions of




                                                                                                                     Page 73


                                         2021 Annual Report    81    TMX Group Limited
resources and might also harm our reputation, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

The regulation of our businesses and industry may impose barriers or constraints which limit our ability to build an
efficient, competitive organization and may also limit our ability to expand global operations. Securities and other
regulators also impose financial and corporate governance restrictions on us and our equity and derivatives exchanges
and clearing agencies and operations. Some of our regulators must approve or review our regulated entities’ listing
rules, trading rules, clearing, settlement and depository rules, fee structures and features and operations of, or changes
to, our systems. These approvals or reviews may increase our costs and delay our plans for implementation. There
could also be regulatory changes that impact our customers and that could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

We could be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny in the future. The multi-market environment in Canada and the
impact of global economic conditions continue to lead to more aggressive regulation of our businesses by securities
and other regulatory agencies in Canada, the U.S. and abroad and could extend to areas of our businesses that to date
have not been regulated.

There may be a conflict of interest, real or perceived, between our regulatory responsibilities and our own business
activities. While we have implemented stringent governance measures and have and will continue to put into place
policies and procedures to manage such conflicts, any failure to diligently and fairly manage such conflicts may
significantly harm our reputation, prompt regulatory action and could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

New regulatory requirements may make it more costly to comply with applicable regulation, to operate
our existing businesses or to enter into new business areas

A number of regulatory initiatives and changes have been identified or proposed or are being implemented by
regulators, including in Canada, the U.S. and Europe. We cannot be certain whether, or in what form, regulatory
changes will take place, and cannot predict with certainty the impact of such changes, if any, on our businesses and
operations. Changes in, and additions to, the rules affecting our exchanges, clearing houses, SRO activities or any of our
other business activities could require us to change the manner in which we and our customers conduct business or
govern ourselves. Failure to make the required changes and comply on a timely basis could result in material reductions
to activity or revenue, sanctions and/or restrictions by the applicable regulatory authorities.

Unexpected and new regulatory requirements could make it more costly to comply with relevant regulations and for
affected entities to operate their existing businesses, to enter into new business areas or to expand their existing
businesses to new jurisdictions. In addition, high levels of regulation may stifle growth and innovation in capital
markets generally and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

CDS Clearing and CDCC operate financial market infrastructures, including as central counterparties for cash and
derivative markets, a securities settlement system and a central securities depository, that are subject to the CPMI-
IOSCO Principles for Financial Market Infrastructure (PFMIs) for these types of services. The PFMIs are reflected in the
requirements of such entities’ regulators and applicable securities law including National Instrument 24-102 Clearing
Agency Requirements. Adherence to the PFMIs by these businesses will continue to impact the cost of regulatory
compliance.

European energy market regulatory changes could potentially affect the structure of these markets and hence the
number of trading venues supported by Trayport.

Our Recognition Orders impose significant regulatory constraints

Under the Recognition Orders, we are subject to extensive regulation and regulatory oversight with respect to, among
other things, fees, fee models, discounts and incentives. The Recognition Orders also impose significant regulatory
constraints on our ongoing business. The additional regulatory and oversight provisions provided for in the Recognition




                                                                                                                      Page 74


                                         2021 Annual Report     82    TMX Group Limited
Orders provide the applicable regulators with broad powers that could, depending on how such powers are exercised
in the future, impose barriers or constraints that limit our ability to build an efficient, competitive organization, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

With respect to the fees charged by all of our equity exchanges (TSX, Alpha, and TSXV), the Recognition Orders impose
restrictions or prohibitions on certain types of fee discounts or incentives that such exchanges may provide, including
discounts or incentives that are accessible only to a particular marketplace participant or class of marketplace
participants. Such prohibitions or restrictions may limit the ability of our equity exchanges to introduce new products in
the future or to introduce them on a timely basis, or if introduced, may limit the use and adoption of such products by
our customers, any or all of which could materially adversely affect the success of our future strategies, financial
condition and results of operations. In addition, under the Recognition Orders the OSC has the right to require TSX and
Alpha to submit a fee, fee model or incentive that has previously been approved by the OSC for re-approval. In such
circumstances, if the OSC decides not to re-approve the fee, fee model or incentive, it could be revoked or amended.

We incur costs to comply with the regulatory requirements that are imposed pursuant to the Recognition Orders. In
addition, we and certain of our businesses are subject to participation and activity fees imposed by provincial securities
regulators. The overall scope of the additional regulatory costs may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Pursuant to certain of the Recognition Orders, prior regulatory approval is also required before we can implement
changes to a number of aspects of our operations. This includes prior regulatory approval of (a) changes to internal cost
allocation models and any transfer pricing between affiliated entities, (b) significant integration, combination or
reorganization of businesses, operations or corporate functions between TMX Group entities, (c) non-ordinary course
changes to TSXV’s operations, and (d) any outsourcing of key services or systems. The requirement to obtain approvals
may restrict or delay our ability to make planned changes to these aspects of our operations in the future which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our Recognition Orders impose ownership restrictions on our voting shares

Under the OSC and AMF Recognition Orders, no person or combination of persons, acting jointly or in concert, is
permitted to beneficially own or exercise control or direction over more than 10% of any class or series of voting shares
of TMX Group without prior approval of the OSC and the AMF. Should a person or combination of persons, acting
jointly or in concert, beneficially own or exercise control or direction over more than 10% of any class or series of
voting shares of TMX Group without prior approval of the OSC and the AMF, in accordance with the contrasting
documents of TMX Group, among other things, their respective voting rights may be limited to no more than 10% until
such time as approval has been granted by the OSC and the AMF in accordance with the contrasting documents of TMX
Group.

Litigation/Legal Proceedings Risk

We are exposed to the risk that litigation or other legal proceedings are launched against us.

We are subject to risks of litigation and other legal proceedings

Some aspects of our business involve risks of litigation. Dissatisfied customers or vendors, among others, may make
claims with respect to, among other things, the manner in which we operate or they may challenge our regulatory
actions, decisions or jurisdiction. Although we may benefit from certain contractual indemnities and limitations on
liabilities, these rights may not be sufficient. In addition, with civil liability for misrepresentations in our continuous
disclosure documents and statements and for the failure to make timely disclosures of material changes in Ontario and
certain other jurisdictions, dissatisfied shareholders have a statutory right to make claims against us. We could incur
significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. If a lawsuit or claim is resolved against us, it
could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results.




                                                                                                                       Page 75


                                          2021 Annual Report    83     TMX Group Limited
Intellectual Property Risk

We are exposed to the risk that we fail to protect our intellectual property resulting in material financial loss to us. We
are exposed to the risk that an infringement claim may be asserted against us.

We may be unable to protect our intellectual property

To protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent laws,
trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, customers,
strategic partners, and others. This protection may not be adequate to deter others from misappropriating our
proprietary rights. We may not be able to detect the unauthorized use of, or take adequate steps to enforce, our
intellectual property rights. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property adequately, it could harm our brand,
affect our ability to compete effectively and may limit our ability to maintain or increase revenue. It could also take
significant time and money to defend our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and operating results.

We are subject to risks of intellectual property claims

We license a variety of intellectual property from third parties. Others may bring infringement claims against us or our
customers in the future because of an alleged breach of such a license. We may also be subject to claims alleging that
we are infringing on a third party's intellectual property rights without a license. If someone successfully asserts an
infringement claim, we may be required to spend significant time and money to develop or license intellectual property
that does not infringe upon the rights of that other person or to obtain a license for the intellectual property from the
owner. We may not succeed in developing or obtaining a license on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In addition,
any litigation could be lengthy and costly and could adversely affect us even if we are successful.



Financial Risks

Operational Risk

Most of our expenses are fixed and cannot be easily lowered in the short-term if our revenue decreases, which could
have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We are exposed to the risk that we fail to
develop, implement and maintain the appropriate corporate finance model and capital structure. The Trust Indentures
governing the Debentures impose various restrictions on TMX Group and its subsidiaries, including restrictions on the
ability of TMX Group and each of its material subsidiaries (as defined in the Trust Indentures) to create a lien on these
entities’ assets, limitations on the ability of material subsidiaries of TMX Group to enter into certain types of
indebtedness, and requirements to repurchase outstanding Debentures on change of control of TSX Inc. or MX coupled
with a triggering event (i.e., rating of the Debentures is lowered to below investment grade). Notwithstanding our
treasury and capital allocation programs which include leverage ratio and dividend payout ratio analysis, some, or all,
of these restrictions could limit our flexibility to change our capital structure.

Our Credit Agreement requires us to satisfy and maintain an interest coverage ratio and a leverage ratio, among other
covenants, including the timely payment of principal and interest when due. It is important that we meet all of the
terms under our Credit Facility since it provides a 100% backstop to our Commercial Paper Program. Based on the
current level of operations and anticipated growth, we believe that our cash flows from operations and our available
cash are adequate to meet our current liquidity needs. However, we cannot guarantee that our businesses will
generate sufficient earnings or cash flows from operations or that anticipated growth will be realized or that we will be
able to control our expenses in an amount sufficient to enable us to satisfy the financial ratios and other covenants, or
pay our indebtedness or fund our other liquidity needs. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may be required to
renegotiate the terms of, restructure, or refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before our stated




                                                                                                                       Page 76


                                         2021 Annual Report     84    TMX Group Limited
maturity, reduce or delay capital investments and acquisitions, reduce or eliminate our dividends, or sell assets. Our
ability to renegotiate, restructure, or refinance our indebtedness would depend on the condition of the financial
markets and our financial condition at that time. Failure to comply with the financial ratios as well as covenants of the
Credit Agreement could result in a default under the Trust Indentures, which, if not cured or waived, could result in
TMX Group being required to repay outstanding borrowings under both the Credit Agreement and the Debentures
before their due dates. In addition, an event of default under the Trust Indentures governing the Debentures that
would result in an acceleration of maturity of the applicable series of Debentures could lead to an acceleration of the
maturity of the Credit Agreement.

In addition, if we fail to comply or are reasonably likely to fail to comply with any financial covenant or ratio contained
in any Final Recognition Order, such failure could result in a default under the Credit Agreement as well, if a
governmental authority issues a decision or orders restrictions on us or any of our subsidiaries as a result of the non-
compliance where a requisite majority of the lenders determine that the restrictions have or will have a material
adverse effect as defined in the Credit Agreement. It will also be a default under the Credit Agreement if a
governmental authority issues a decision or orders restrictions on our or any of our subsidiaries’ ability to move cash or
cash equivalents among TMX Group and our subsidiaries, where a requisite majority of the lenders determine that the
restrictions have or will have a material adverse effect. If these events of default under the Credit Agreement were to
result in an acceleration of maturity under the Credit Agreement, the event(s) could constitute an event of default
under the Trust Indentures, which in turn would result in the acceleration of maturity of the outstanding Debentures. If
we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favourable terms or cannot refinance these borrowings, our
business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. Borrowings under the Commercial
Paper Program and Credit Agreement incur interest at variable rates and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates
increase, our debt service obligations on our variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount
borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing the
indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease.

DBRS Morningstar regularly evaluates and monitors the rating of our Commercial Paper and the rating of our
Debentures outstanding. A downgrade from our existing rating could adversely affect our cost of borrowing and/or our
ability to access sources of liquidity and capital and reduce financing options available to us. On October 6, 2021, DBRS
Morningstar, our rating agency, reconfirmed their A (high) rating on TMX Group Limited and on our Senior Unsecured
Debentures, as well as their R-1 (low) rating on our Commercial Paper, and changed the trends from Stable to Positive.

Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss due to the failure of a borrower, counterparty, clearing member or participant to honour
their financial obligations. It arises principally from the clearing operations of CDS Clearing and CDCC, the brokerage
operations of Shorcan, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade
receivables, and total return swaps.

Credit Risk – Clearing Houses

Credit Risk - CDS

CDS Clearing is exposed to the risk of loss due to the failure of a Participant in CDS Clearing’s clearing and settlement
services to honour its financial obligations. To a lesser extent, CDS Clearing is exposed to credit risk through the
performance of services in advance of payment.

Through the clearing and settlement services operated by CDS Clearing, credit risk exposures are created. During the
course of each business day, transaction settlements can result in a net payment obligation of a Participant to CDS
Clearing or the obligation of CDS Clearing to pay a Participant. The potential failure of the Participant to meet its
payment obligation to CDS Clearing results in payment risk, a specific form of credit risk. Payment risk is a form of credit
risk in securities settlement whereby a seller will deliver securities and not receive payment, or that a buyer will make
payment and not receive the purchased securities. Payment risk is mitigated by delivery payment finality in CDSX, CDS'
multilateral clearing and settlement system, as set out in the CDS Participant Rules.




                                                                                                                            Page 77


                                          2021 Annual Report     85    TMX Group Limited
In the settlement services offered by CDS Clearing, payment risk is transferred entirely from CDS Clearing to
Participants who accept this risk pursuant to the contractual rules for the settlement services. This transfer of payment
risk occurs primarily by means of Participants acting as extenders of credit to other Participants through lines of credit
managed within the settlement system or, alternatively, by means of risk-sharing arrangements whereby groups of
Participants cross-guarantee the payment obligations of other members of the group. Should a Participant be unable to
meet its payment obligations to CDS Clearing, these surviving Participants are required to make the payment. Payment
risk is mitigated on behalf of Participants through the enforcement of limits on the magnitude of payment obligations
of each Participant and the requirement of each Participant to collateralize its payment obligation. Both of these
mitigants are enforced in real time in the settlement system.

The risk exposure of CDS Clearing in its central counterparty services is mitigated through a daily mark-to-market of
each Participant’s obligations as well as risk-based collateral requirements calculated daily. These mitigants are
intended to cover the vast majority of market changes and are tested against actual price changes on a regular basis.
This testing is supplemented with analysis of the effects of extreme market conditions on a collateral valuation and
market risk measurements which are used to determine additional collateral requirements of Participants to a default
fund established in 2015. Should the collateral of a defaulter in a central counterparty service be insufficient, either
because the value of the collateral has declined or the loss to be covered by the collateral exceeded the collateral
requirement, the surviving participants in the service are required to cover any residual losses.

Credit Risk – CDCC

CDCC is exposed to loss in the event that Clearing Members fail to satisfy any of the contractual obligations as
stipulated within CDCC’s rules.

CDCC is exposed to the credit risk of its Clearing Members since it acts as the central counterparty for all transactions
carried out on MX’s markets and on certain OTC markets which are serviced by CDCC. As such, in the event of a
Clearing Member default, the obligations of those defaulting counterparties would become the responsibility of CDCC.

The first defense in CDCC's credit risk management process is the adoption of strict membership criteria which include
both financial and regulatory requirements. In addition, CDCC performs on-going monitoring of the financial viability of
its Clearing Members against the relevant criteria as a means of ensuring the on-going compliance of its Clearing
Members. In the event that a Clearing Member fails to continue to satisfy any of its membership criteria, CDCC has the
right through its rules, to impose various sanctions on such Clearing Members.

One of CDCC’s principal risk management practices with regard to counterparty credit risk is the collection of risk-based
margin deposits in the form of cash, equities and liquid government securities. Should a Clearing Member fail to meet
settlements and/or daily margin calls or otherwise not honour its obligations under open futures, options contracts and
REPO agreements, margin deposits would be seized and would then be available to apply against the potential losses
incurred through the liquidation of the Clearing Member’s positions.

CDCC’s margining system is complemented by a Daily Capital Margin Monitoring process that evaluates the financial
strength of a Clearing Member against its margin requirements. CDCC monitors the margin requirement of a Clearing
Member as a percentage of its capital (net allowable assets). CDCC will make additional margin calls when the ratio of
margin requirement/net allowable assets exceeds 100%. The additional margin is equal to the excess of the ratio over
100% and is meant to ensure that Clearing Member leverage in the clearing activities does not exceed the value of the
firm. CDCC also has additional margin surcharges to manage the risk exposures associated with certain idiosyncratic
risks. These include: concentration charges for Clearing Members that are overly concentrated in certain positions,
wrong-way risk charges for those Clearing Members holding positions which are highly correlated with their own credit
risk profile, mismatched settlement surcharges which are meant to mitigate the risk of cherry-picking by a potential
defaulter in the settlement process.

Credit Risk – Shorcan

Shorcan is exposed to credit risk in the event that customers fail to settle on the contracted settlement date. This risk is
limited by their status as agents, in that they do not purchase or sell securities for their own account. As agents, in the




                                                                                                                         Page 78


                                          2021 Annual Report     86     TMX Group Limited
event of a failed trade, Shorcan has the right to withdraw its normal policy of anonymity and advise the two
counterparties to settle directly.

Credit Risk – All Other

We manage our exposure to credit risk on our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents by
holding the majority of our cash and cash equivalents with commercial banks with a minimum credit rating of A/R-low
or better in Government of Canada and provincial treasury bills and US treasury bills. We manage exposure to credit
risk arising from investments in marketable securities by holding high-grade individual fixed income securities with
credit ratings of A/R1-low or better.

Our exposure to credit risk resulting from uncollectable accounts is influenced by the individual characteristics of our
customers, many of whom are banks and financial institutions. We invoice our customers on a regular basis and
maintain a collections team to monitor customer accounts and minimize the amount of overdue receivables. Due to
the bilateral nature of the TRSs, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk. To manage this credit risk, we only enter
into the TRSs with major Canadian chartered banks.

Market Risk

Market risk is the risk of loss due to changes in market prices and rates such as equity prices, interest rates and foreign
exchange rates. We are exposed to market risk relating to equity prices when we grant DSUs, RSUs and PSUs to our
directors and employees, as our obligations under these arrangements are partly based on our share price. We have
entered into TRSs as a partial fair value hedge to the share appreciation rights of RSUs, DSUs, and PSUs (2020 - RSUs
and DSUs).

We are exposed to market risk on interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. This risk is
partially mitigated by having variable interest rates on our short-term debt (Commercial Paper). We are exposed to
market risk relating to interest paid on our Commercial Paper.

Other Market Price Risk – CDS, CDCC, TSX, TSX Venture Exchange and Shorcan

We are exposed to market risk factors from the activities of CDS Clearing, CDCC, TSX, TSX Venture Exchange, and
Shorcan if a Participant, Clearing Member, or Client, as the case may be, fails to take or deliver either securities or
derivatives products on the contracted settlement or delivery date where the contracted price is less favourable than
the current market price.

CDS

CDS is exposed to market risk through its CCP function in the event a participant defaults as it becomes the legal
counterparty to all of the defaulters' novated transactions and must honor the financial obligations that arise from
those novated transactions. Adverse changes to market prices and rates would expose CDS to credit risk losses.

The principal mitigation of this credit risk exposure post default is the default management process. CDS has developed
default management processes that would enable it to neutralize the market exposures via open market operations
within prescribed time periods. Any losses from such operations would be set-off against the collateral contributions of
the defaulting participant to the Participant Fund and Default Fund for the CCP service, thereby minimizing credit
losses.

CDCC

CDCC is exposed to market risk through its CCP functions in the event of a Clearing Member default as it becomes the
legal counterparty to all of the defaulter's novated transactions and must honor the financial obligations that arise from
those novated transactions. Adverse changes to market prices and rates would expose CDCC to credit risk losses.

The principal mitigation of this credit risk exposure post default is the default management process. CDCC has
developed detailed default management processes that would enable it to neutralize the market exposures through




                                                                                                                           Page 79


                                          2021 Annual Report     87    TMX Group Limited
either its auction process or via open market operations within prescribed time periods. Any losses from such
operations would be set-off against the margin and clearing fund (if necessary) collateral that are pre-funded by all
Clearing Members for these purposes, thereby minimizing the credit losses.



TSX and TSX Venture Exchange

We are exposed to market price risk on a portion of our sustaining services revenue, which is based on quoted market
values of listed issuers as at December 31 of the previous year.

Shorcan

Shorcan’s market risk is limited by its status as an agent, in that it does not purchase or sell securities for its own
account, the short period of time between trade date and settlement date, and the defaulting customer’s liability for
any difference between the amounts received upon sale of, and the amount paid to acquire, the securities.

Foreign Currency Risk

We are exposed to foreign currency market risk on revenue and expenses where we invoice or procure in a foreign
currency, principally in U.S. dollars and GBP.

We do not currently employ currency hedging strategies with respect to our operating activities, and therefore
significant moves in exchange rates, specifically a strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar and GBP
can have an adverse effect on the value of our revenue or assets in Canadian dollars.

Settlements in the clearing and settlement services offered by CDS occur in both Canadian and U.S. dollars. Market risk
relating to foreign exchange rates could be created if there is a default and the currency of the payment obligation is
different from the currency of the collateral supporting that payment obligation. This risk is mitigated by discounting
the collateral value of securities where these mismatches occur.

Based on 2021 revenue and operating expenses, the approximate impact of a 10% rise or a 10% decline in the Canadian
dollar compared with the U.S. dollar on revenue, net of operating expenses, is approximately $7.7 million. Based on
Trayport's 2021 revenue and operating expenses, the approximate impact of a 10% rise or a 10% decline in the
Canadian dollar compared with Great British Pounds (GBP) on revenue, net of operating expenses, is approximately
$5.7 million.

We are also exposed to market risk relating to foreign currency rates applicable to our cash and cash equivalents, trade
receivables and trade payables, principally denominated in U.S. dollars. At December 31, 2021, cash and cash
equivalents and trade receivables, net of current liabilities, include US$8.1 million, which are exposed to changes in the
US-Canadian dollar exchange rate (2020 – US$10.0 million), £0.3 million which are exposed to changes in the GBP-
Canadian dollar exchange rate (2020 - £0.8 million), and less than €0.1 million which are exposed to changes in the
Euro-Canadian dollar exchange rate (2020 - less than €0.1 million). The approximate impact of a 10% rise or a 10%
decline in the Canadian dollar compared with the U.S. dollar, GBP and Euro on these balances as at December 31, 2021
is a $1.1 million decrease or increase in income before income taxes, respectively.

Liquidity Risk - Operations

Liquidity risk is the risk of loss due to the inability of TMX Group or its borrowers, counterparties, Clearing Members, or
Participants to meet their financial obligations in a timely manner or at reasonable prices. We manage liquidity risk
through the management of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, all of which are held in short
term instruments, and our Debentures, Commercial Paper as well as credit and liquidity facilities. In clearing and
depository services, liquidity risk results from the requirement to convert collateral to cash in the event of the default
of a participant/customer.




                                                                                                                        Page 80


                                          2021 Annual Report     88    TMX Group Limited
Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid investments. Our
investment policy will only allow excess cash to be invested within money market securities or fixed income securities.
Individual fixed income securities held have credit ratings of A/R1-low or better and are highly liquid.



Liquidity Risk - Clearing Houses

The margin deposits of CDCC and CDS and clearing fund margins of CDCC are held in liquid instruments. Cash margin
deposits and cash clearing fund deposits from Clearing Members, which are recognized on the consolidated balance
sheet, are held by CDCC with the Bank of Canada and commercial banks with a minimum credit rating of A/R1-low or
better and are highly liquid. Non-cash margin deposits and non-cash clearing fund deposits pledged to CDCC under
irrevocable agreements are in government securities and other securities and are held with approved depositories.
Cash collateral from CDS’ participants, which is recognized on the consolidated balance sheet, is held by CDS at the
Bank of Canada and commercial banks with a minimum credit rating of A/R1-low or better and are highly liquid and
NSCC/DTC. Non-cash collateral, which is not recognized on the consolidated balance sheet, pledged by participants
under Participant Rules is held by CDS in liquid government and fixed income securities.

There is a risk in placing funds at US commercial banks should they experience capacity constraints, leaving us in a
position where we are challenged to place funds. This risk is mitigated through established procedures to counter this
scenario.

CDS

The design of CDS' New York Link service does not apply strict limits to a Participant's end-of-day payment obligation,
creating the potential for unlimited liquidity risk exposure if a user of the service were to default on its obligation. CDS
manages this risk through active monitoring of payment obligations and a committed liquidity facility which covers the
vast majority of potential Participant default scenarios.

CDS maintains two secured standby liquidity facilities that can be drawn in either U.S. or Canadian currency. These
arrangements are available to support processing and settlement activities in the event of a participant default in
either the CNS or NYL service lines. Borrowings under the secured facilities are obtained by pledging securities that are
settled through CNS or NYL services or providing collateral pledged by participants primarily in the form of debt
instruments issued or guaranteed by federal, provincial and/or municipal governments in Canada or U.S. treasury
instruments. As a designated FMI, CDS has access to the Emergency Lending Assistance (ELA) program offered by the
Bank of Canada and is meant to provide emergency funding in the event of liquidity shortfalls at CDS that may occur
under market stress events. The ELA is offered at the full discretion of the Bank of Canada and is meant to be fully
collateralized by SLF-eligible assets.

CDCC

The syndicated revolving standby liquidity facility is also in place to provide end of day liquidity in the event that CDCC
is unable to clear the daylight liquidity facilities to zero as well as to provide a source of overnight funding for securities
that are not eligible to be pledged at the Bank of Canada or for emergency liquidity needs in the event of a Clearing
Member default. Advances under the facility will be secured by collateral in the form of securities that have been
received by CDCC. The syndicated REPO facility is also in place to provide end of day liquidity in the event that CDCC is
unable to clear the daylight liquidity facilities to zero or for emergency liquidity needs in the event of a Clearing
Member default. It will provide liquidity in exchange for securities that have been pledged to or received by CDCC. As a
designated FMI CDCC has access to the ELA program offered by the Bank of Canada and is meant to provide emergency
funding in the event of liquidity shortfalls at CDCC that may occur under market stress events. The ELA is offered at the
full discretion of the Bank of Canada and is meant to be fully collateralized by SLF-eligible assets.

Commercial Paper Program




                                                                                                                            Page 81


                                           2021 Annual Report      89    TMX Group Limited
We rely on our Commercial Paper Program, Debentures and Credit Facility as a source of financing. The specific
liquidity risk related to Commercial Paper is that we are unable to borrow under a new Commercial Paper issuance in
order to pay for Commercial Paper that is coming due because of a lack of liquidity or demand for our Commercial
Paper in the market. To mitigate this risk, we maintain a Credit Agreement that provides 100% coverage or backstop to
the Commercial Paper Program.




                                                                                                                  Page 82


                                        2021 Annual Report    90    TMX Group Limited
Accounting and Control Matters

Changes in accounting policies

In March 2021, the IASB amended IFRS 16, Leases, extending the practical expedient introduced in May 2020 in response
to the COVID-19 pandemic, in order to permit lessees to apply it to rent concessions for which reductions in lease
payments affect payments due on or before June 30, 2022 (extended from June 30, 2021). TMX Group early adopted this
amendment from January 1, 2021. This amendment did not have a significant impact on TMX Group's interim financial
statements.



Future changes in accounting policies

The following new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are not yet effective for the year ending
December 31, 2021, and have not been applied in the preparation of the financial statements. These new and amended
standards and interpretations are required to be implemented for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2022:

•   IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets – Amendments clarify that the direct costs of fulfilling a
    contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling the contract and an allocation of other costs directly related to
    fulfilling contracts. Before recognizing a separate provision for an onerous contract, the entity recognizes any
    impairment loss that has occurred on assets used in fulfilling the contract. The amendments apply to contracts
    existing at the date when the amendments are first applied. The Company does not expect the amendments to have a
    material impact on its financial statements.

•   Reference to the Conceptual Framework – Amendments to IFRS 3, Business Combinations – Minor amendments were
    made to IFRS 3 to update the references to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting and add an exception
    for the recognition of liabilities and contingent liabilities within the scope of IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities
    and Contingent Assets and Interpretation 21, Levies. The amendments also confirm that contingent assets should not
    be recognized at the acquisition date. The Company does not expect the amendments to have a material impact on its
    financial statements.

Accounting standards effective beyond 2022

The following accounting standards are required to be implemented for financial years beginning on or after January 1,
2023 and are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company's financial statements:

•   Classification of liabilities as current or non-current (Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements)

•   Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1)

•   Definition of Accounting Estimate (Amendments to IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and
    Errors)

•   Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12, Income Taxes)




                                         2021 Annual Report     91     TMX Group Limited                                 Page 83
Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

TMX Group’s disclosure controls and procedures (DCP), as defined in National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of
Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings (NI 52-109) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that
information required to be disclosed in our filings under securities legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in securities legislation. They are also designed to provide reasonable
assurance that all information required to be disclosed in these filings is accumulated and communicated to
management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding public disclosure. We regularly review our disclosure controls and procedures; however,
they cannot provide an absolute level of assurance because of the inherent limitations in control systems to prevent or
detect all misstatements due to error or fraud.

Our management, including the CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our DCP as of December
31, 2021. Based on this evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that our DCP were effective as of December 31,
2021.

Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (ICFR),
as defined in NI 52-109. ICFR means a process designed by or under the supervision of the CEO and CFO, and effected
by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS, and
includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of TMX Group; (2) are designed to provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with IFRS, and that receipts and expenditures of TMX Group are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of TMX Group; and (3) are designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of TMX Group’s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.

All internal control systems have inherent limitations and therefore our ICFR can only provide reasonable assurance
and may not prevent or detect misstatements due to error or fraud.

Our management, including the CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our ICFR as of December
31, 2021 using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) framework (2013).
Based on this evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that our ICFR were effective as of December 31, 2021.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes to internal control over financial reporting (ICFR) during the quarter and year ended December
31, 2021 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our ICFR.




                                                                                                                    Page 84


                                        2021 Annual Report    92    TMX Group Limited
Related Party Relationships and Transactions

Parent

The shares of TMX Group are widely held and, as such, there is no ultimate controlling party of TMX Group. Under the
OSC and AMF Recognition Orders, no person or combination of persons, acting jointly or in concert, is permitted to
beneficially own or exercise control or direction over more than 10% of any class or series of voting shares of TMX
Group without prior approval of the OSC and the AMF.

Key management personnel (KMP) compensation

Compensation for key management personnel, including TMX Group’s Board of Directors, was as follows for the year:

(in millions of dollars)                                                         2021                    2020
Salaries and other short-term employee benefits, and termination                $11.8                    $10.4
benefits
Post-employment benefits                                                          0.7                      0.6
Share-based payments                                                              6.8                     12.9
                                                                                 19.3                     23.9
There was a decrease of $4.6 million related to key management personnel compensation driven by lower share-based
payments. This decrease reflects lower share price appreciation in 2021 compared with 2020, and also reduced share-
based payments due to certain KMP roles transitioning during 2021.


CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

This MD&A of TMX Group contains “forward-looking information” (as defined in applicable Canadian securities
legislation) that is based on expectations, assumptions, estimates, projections and other factors that management
believes to be relevant as of the date of this MD&A. Often, but not always, such forward-looking information can be
identified by the use of forward-looking words such as “plans,” “expects,” “is expected,” “budget,” “scheduled,”
“targeted,” “estimates,” “forecasts,” “intends,” “anticipates,” “believes,” or variations or the negatives of such words
and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results “may,” “could,” “would,” “might,” or “will” be taken,
occur or be achieved or not be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking information, by its nature, requires us to
make assumptions and is subject to significant risks and uncertainties which may give rise to the possibility that our
expectations or conclusions will not prove to be accurate and that our assumptions may not be correct.

Examples of forward-looking information in this MD&A include, but are not limited to, growth objectives; our target
dividend payout ratio; the ability of TMX Group to de-leverage and the timing thereof; the modernization of clearing
platforms, including the expected cash expenditures related to the modernization of our clearing platforms and the
timing of the modernization; other statements related to cost reductions; the impact of the market capitalization of
TSX and TSXV issuers overall (from 2020 to 2021); future changes to TMX Group's anticipated statutory income tax rate
for 2022; factors relating to stock, and derivatives exchanges and clearing houses and the business, strategic goals and
priorities, market conditions, pricing, proposed technology and other business initiatives and the timing and
implementation thereof, the expected integration costs related to AST Canada and the timing thereof, the expected
cost of the transitional services agreement related to AST Canada, the anticipated benefits and synergies of the AST
Canada, including the expected impact on TMX Group's earnings and adjusted earnings per share and the timing
thereof, financial results or financial condition, operations and prospects of TMX Group which are subject to significant
risks and uncertainties.

These risks include, but are not limited to: competition from other exchanges or marketplaces, including alternative
trading systems and new technologies, on a national and international basis; dependence on the economy of Canada;
adverse effects on our results caused by global economic conditions (including COVID-19) or uncertainties including




                                                                                                                     Page 85


                                         2021 Annual Report    93    TMX Group Limited
changes in business cycles that impact our sector; failure to retain and attract qualified personnel; geopolitical and
other factors which could cause business interruption (including COVID-19); dependence on information technology;
vulnerability of our networks and third party service providers to security risks, including cyber-attacks; failure to
properly identify or implement our strategies; regulatory constraints; constraints imposed by our level of indebtedness,
risks of litigation or other proceedings; dependence on adequate numbers of customers; failure to develop, market or
gain acceptance of new products; failure to close and effectively integrate acquisitions to achieve planned economics,
including AST Canada, or divest underperforming businesses; currency risk; adverse effect of new business activities;
adverse effects from business divestitures; not being able to meet cash requirements because of our holding company
structure and restrictions on paying dividends; dependence on third-party suppliers and service providers; dependence
of trading operations on a small number of clients; risks associated with our clearing operations; challenges related to
international expansion; restrictions on ownership of TMX Group common shares; inability to protect our intellectual
property; adverse effect of a systemic market event on certain of our businesses; risks associated with the credit of
customers; cost structures being largely fixed; the failure to realize cost reductions in the amount or the time frame
anticipated; dependence on market activity that cannot be controlled; the regulatory constraints that apply to the
business of TMX Group and its regulated subsidiaries, costs of on exchange clearing and depository services, trading
volumes (which could be higher or lower than estimated) and revenues; future levels of revenues being lower than
expected or costs being higher than expected.

Forward-looking information is based on a number of assumptions which may prove to be incorrect, including, but not
limited to, assumptions in connection with the ability of TMX Group to successfully compete against global and regional
marketplaces; business and economic conditions generally; exchange rates (including estimates of exchange rates from
Canadian dollars to the U.S. dollar or GBP), commodities prices, the level of trading and activity on markets, and
particularly the level of trading in TMX Group’s key products; business development and marketing and sales activity;
the continued availability of financing on appropriate terms for future projects; changes to interest rates and the timing
thereof, among other things, could positively or negatively impact AST Canada's accretion to adjusted earnings per
share; the amount and timing of incurrence of AST Canada integration costs; the amount and timing of: revenue and
technology cost synergies resulting from the AST Canada acquisition; productivity at TMX Group, as well as that of TMX
Group’s competitors; market competition; research and development activities; the successful introduction and client
acceptance of new products; successful introduction of various technology assets and capabilities; the impact on TMX
Group and its customers of various regulations; TMX Group’s ongoing relations with its employees; and the extent of
any labour, equipment or other disruptions at any of its operations of any significance other than any planned
maintenance or similar shutdowns.

Assumptions related to long term financial objectives

In addition to the assumptions outlined above, forward looking information related to long term revenue cumulative
average annual growth rate (CAGR) objectives, and long term adjusted earnings per share CAGR objectives are based
on assumptions that include, but not limited to:

    •        TMX Group's success in achieving growth initiatives and business objectives;

    •        continued investment in growth businesses and in transformation initiatives including next generation
             post-trade systems;

    •        no significant changes to our effective tax rate, recurring revenue, and number of shares outstanding;

    •        moderate levels of market volatility;

    •        level of listings, trading, and clearing consistent with historical activity;

    •        economic growth consistent with historical activity;

    •        no significant changes in regulations;

    •        continued disciplined expense management across our business;




                                                                                                                      Page 86


                                           2021 Annual Report      94    TMX Group Limited
    •        continued re-prioritization of investment towards enterprise solutions and new capabilities;

    •        free cash flow generation consistent with historical run rate; and

    •        a limited impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on our plans to grow our business over the long term
             including on the ability of our listed issuers to raise capital.

While we anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change, we have no intention
to update this forward-looking information, except as required by applicable securities law. This forward-looking
information should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this MD&A.
We have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially
from those current expectations described in forward-looking information. However, there may be other factors that
cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended and that could cause actual actions,
events or results to differ materially from current expectations. There can be no assurance that forward-looking
information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated
in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. These
factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the factors that could affect us. A description of the above-
mentioned items is contained in the section “Enterprise Risk Management” of this MD&A.




                                                                                                                     Page 87


                                         2021 Annual Report    95     TMX Group Limited
Financial
Statements
Management
Statement
Management is responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair
presentation of the consolidated financial statements (the financial
statements), management’s discussion and analysis, and other
information in this annual report. The financial statements were
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards and, in the opinion of management, fairly reflect the financial
position, financial performance and cash flows of TMX Group Limited.
Financial information contained throughout this annual report is
consistent with the financial statements, unless otherwise specified.

Acting through the Finance and Audit Committee, comprised of non-
management directors, all of whom are independent directors within
the meaning of Multilateral Instrument 52-110-Audit Committees,
the Board of Directors oversees management’s responsibility for
financial reporting and internal control systems. The Finance and Audit
Committee is responsible for reviewing the financial statements and
management’s discussion and analysis and recommending them to the
Board of Directors for approval. To discharge its duties the Committee
meets with management and external auditors to discuss audit plans,
internal controls over accounting and financial reporting processes,
auditing matters and financial reporting issues.

TMX Group’s external auditors appointed by the shareholders,
KPMG LLP, are responsible for auditing the financial statements and
expressing an opinion thereon. The external auditors have full and free
access to, and meet periodically with, management and the Finance and
Audit Committee to discuss the audit.




John McKenzie                               David Arnold
Chief Executive Officer                     Chief Financial Officer
TMX Group Limited                           TMX Group Limited
KPMG LLP
Bay Adelaide Centre
333 Bay Street, Suite 4600
Toronto, ON M5H 2S5
Canada
KPMG LLP
Tel
Bay416-777-8500
    Adelaide Centre
Fax 416-777-8818
333 Bay  Street, Suite 4600
Toronto, ON M5H 2S5
Canada
Tel 416-777-8500
Fax 416-777-8818




                INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT

To the Shareholders of TMX Group Limited
                INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
Opinion

To
Wethe   Shareholders
     have  audited theof TMX  Group Limited
                         consolidated financial statements of TMX Group Limited (the
Entity), which comprise:
Opinion
x    the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2021 and 2020;
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of TMX Group Limited (the
xEntity),
     the which  comprise:
          consolidated income statements for the years then ended;

x     the consolidated balance sheets
                       statements of as at December
                                    comprehensive   31, 2021
                                                  income       andyears
                                                          for the  2020;then ended;

x     the consolidated income statements
                       statements of     for in
                                     changes theequity
                                                 years for
                                                        then
                                                           theended;
                                                               years then ended;

x     the consolidated statements of cash
                                     comprehensive    income
                                          flows for the years for theended;
                                                               then   years and
                                                                            then ended;

x   the consolidated
    notes to            statements of
               the consolidated          changes in
                                    financial         equity for
                                               statements,       the a
                                                                    years then
                                                            including          ended;
                                                                         summary  of significant
    accounting policies
x the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended; and
(Hereinafter referred to as the “financial statements”).
x notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
    accounting
In our            policies
        opinion, the    accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Entity as at December 31, 2021 and
(Hereinafter
2020,  and itsreferred  to as the
                consolidated       “financial
                               financial       statements”).
                                          performance    and its consolidated cash flows for the
years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material
Basis   for
respects, theOpinion
                consolidated financial position of the Entity as at December 31, 2021 and
2020, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
years then
We         endedour
     conducted      in audit
                       accordance
                               in     with International
                                  accordance             Financial generally
                                                  with Canadian    Reporting accepted
                                                                             Standardsauditing
                                                                                        (IFRS).
standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Basis for Opinion
© 2022 KPMG LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms
affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved.
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing
standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the

© 2022 KPMG LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms
affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved.



                               2021 Annual Report              98       TMX Group Limited
Independent Auditors’ Report




“Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements” section of our
auditors’ report.

We are independent of the Entity in accordance with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most
significance in our audit of the financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2021. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.

We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be
communicated in our auditors’ report.

Evaluation of the impairment analysis for goodwill and indefinite life
intangible assets

Description of the matter

We draw attention to Note 2(c) and Note 16(c) to the financial statements. The Entity has
recorded goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets of $1,695.8 million and $2,322.4
million respectively as of December 31, 2021. The Entity performs impairment testing for
goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets on an annual basis or more frequently when
there is an indication of impairment. An impairment is recognized if the carrying amount
of an asset, or its cash generating unit (CGU), exceeds its estimated recoverable
amount. The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its value-in-use and its fair
value less costs of disposal. In determining the estimated recoverable amounts using a
discounted cash flow model, the Entity’s assumptions include future cash flows, long-
term growth rates and pre-tax discount rates.
Why the matter is a key audit matter

We identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis for goodwill and indefinite life
intangible assets as a key audit matter. This matter represented an area of significant
risk of material misstatement requiring specialized skills and knowledge to evaluate the
Entity’s estimated recoverable amounts for goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets.
Significant auditor judgment was required in evaluating the results of our audit
procedures due to the high degree of sensitivity of the estimated recoverable amounts
to changes in assumptions.




                                                                                    Page 2
                   2021 Annual Report   99    TMX Group Limited
Independent Auditors’ Report




How the matter was addressed in the audit

The primary procedures we performed to address this key audit matter included the
following:

We evaluated the appropriateness of future cash flows by:

       Comparing the Entity’s prior year expected future cash flows to the actual
        results to assess the Entity’s budgeting process.

       Assessing future cash flows by comparing them to historical performance and
        against key new initiatives in the Board-approved plan.

We assessed the long-term growth rates by comparing them to available market
information and historical performance.

We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who
assisted in evaluating the appropriateness of the pre-tax discount rates by:

       Comparing the Entity’s Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) against
        publicly available market data.

       Assessing the CGU-specific risk adjustments applied by the Entity to the
        WACC by considering the historic, current and future financial performance of
        each CGU.

Measurement of the BOX purchase consideration and the customer
relationships acquired in the AST Canada and BOX business
combinations

Description of the matter

We draw attention to Notes 2(c), 3(a) and 17 to the financial statements.

On August 12, 2021, the Entity completed the AST Canada acquisition which is
accounted for as a business combination. The Entity’s identified acquired intangible
assets include customer relationships, for which the provisional amount estimated by the
Entity is $79.0 million.

On January 3, 2022, the Entity obtained control of BOX Holdings (“BOX”) which shall be
accounted for as a business combination. As this is a subsequent event, the Entity will
commence consolidating BOX in the 2022 financial statements. The Entity’s ownership
interest in BOX is accounted for as an equity-method investment in the 2021 financial
statements. Upon obtaining control, the Entity remeasured its previously held ownership
interest at $207.5 million and this comprises the purchase consideration in this business
combination. The Entity’s identified acquired intangible assets include customer
relationships, for which the provisional amount estimated by the Entity is $305.9 million.



                                                                                   Page 3


                   2021 Annual Report   100 TMX Group Limited
Independent Auditors’ Report




The Entity estimates the fair value of customer relationships acquired in a business
combination based on the income approach. The income approach is a valuation
technique that calculates the fair value of an intangible asset based on the present value
of future cash flows that the asset can be expected to generate over its remaining useful
life. This valuation involves significant subjectivity and estimation uncertainty, including
assumptions related to the future revenues attributable to acquired customer
relationships, customer attrition rate, and discount rates.

The Entity estimates the fair value of its ownership interest in BOX (i.e. the purchase
consideration) using the income approach. The income approach is a valuation
technique that calculates the fair value of a business based on the present value of future
expected cash flows. This valuation involves significant subjectivity and estimation
uncertainty, including assumptions related to the future revenues of the acquired
business and the discount rate.
Why the matter is a key audit matter

We identified the assessment of the measurement of the BOX purchase consideration
and the customer relationships acquired in the AST Canada and BOX business
combinations as a key audit matter. Significant auditor judgment was required due to the
high degree of subjectivity and estimation uncertainty in the assumptions used to
determine the fair values. Significant auditor attention and complex auditor judgment was
required to evaluate the results of audit procedures. Further, specialized skills,
knowledge, and experience were required to apply audit procedures and evaluate the
results of those procedures.
How the matter was addressed in the audit

The primary procedures we performed to address this key audit matter included the
following:

We evaluated the appropriateness of the future revenues of the acquired business, future
revenues attributable to acquired customer relationships, and customer attrition rates by
considering past performance of the acquired businesses.

We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills, knowledge and experience,
who assisted in assessing the appropriateness of the discount rates by assessing
against comparable entities and industry data.

Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. Other information comprises:

x    the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the
     relevant Canadian Securities Commissions; and




                                                                                    Page 4


                   2021 Annual Report   101 TMX Group Limited
Independent Auditors’ Report




x    the information, other than the financial statements and the auditors’ report thereon,
     included in a document likely to be entitled “Annual Report”.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit and remain alert for indications that the other information appears
to be materially misstated.

We obtained the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed
with the relevant Canadian Securities Commissions as at the date of this auditors’ report.
If, based on the work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that
fact in the auditors’ report.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

The information, other than the financial statements and the auditors’ report thereon,
included in a document likely to be entitled “Annual Report” is expected to be made
available to us after the date of this auditors’ report. If, based on the work we will perform
on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact to those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of Management and                           Those       Charged        with
Governance for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial
statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the
Entity’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management
either intends to liquidate the Entity or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative
but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Entity’s financial
reporting process.




                                                                                      Page 5


                    2021 Annual Report   102 TMX Group Limited
Independent Auditors’ Report




Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards,
we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit.

We also:

x   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to
    those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
    basis for our opinion.

    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
    for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
    omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

x   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
    audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
    of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Entity's internal control.

x   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness
    of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.

x   Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis
    of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
    uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
    the Entity's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
    uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the
    related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
    to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
    to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause
    the Entity to cease to continue as a going concern.


                                                                                   Page 6


                   2021 Annual Report   103 TMX Group Limited
Independent Auditors’ Report




x   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements,
    including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the
    underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

x   Communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters,
    the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any
    significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

x   Provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with
    relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and communicate with them
    all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
    independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

x   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
    entities or business activities within the group Entity to express an opinion on the
    financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
    performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

x   Determine, from the matters communicated with those charged with governance,
    those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements
    of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
    matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
    about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
    matter should not be communicated in our auditors’ report because the adverse
    consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
    interest benefits of such communication.




Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditors’ report is Abhimanyu
Verma.
Toronto, Canada
February 7, 2022




                                                                                   Page 7


                   2021 Annual Report   104 TMX Group Limited
                                                                                                                      @?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED

+$/)&,'# $ +                                      
@?D@=:52E652=2?46*966ED

 *)&((&+*/+#*!&*!+((./                                                     +0"              646>36C                         868@58E 
 DD6ED
 FCC6?EDD6ED
 4F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF                                                                                                                                
 ,8FGE<6G8764F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF                                                                                                                         
 '4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F                                                                                                                                        
 .E4784A7BG;8EE868<I45?8F                                                                                                                               
 4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF4A7?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                                         
 )G;8E6HEE8AG4FF8GF                                                                                                                                           
 +@E2=FCC6?EDD6ED                                                                                                                                       

 %@? FCC6?EDD6ED
 !BB7J<??4A7<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF                                                                                                                           
 ,<:;G B9 HF84FF8GF                                                                                                                                           
 898EE87<A6B@8G4K4FF8GF                                                                                                                                   
 )G;8EABA 6HEE8AG4FF8GF                                                                                                                                      
 +@E2=%@? FCC6?EDD6ED                                                                                                                                    

 +@E2=DD6ED                                                                                                                                           

 #:23:=:E:6D2?5BF:EJ
 FCC6?E#:23:=:E:6D
 .E4784A7BG;8EC4L45?8F                                                                                                                                
 *4EG<6<C4AGFSG4KJ<G;;B?7<A:F                                                                                                                               
 4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF4A7?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                                         
 85G                                                                                                                       M                                   
 E87<G4A7?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F7E4JA                                                                                                                           
 )G;8E6HEE8AG?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                                                                       
 +@E2=FCC6?E#:23:=:E:6D                                                                                                                                 

 %@? FCC6?E#:23:=:E:6D
 85G                                                                                                                                                        
 &84F8?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                                                                             
 898EE87<A6B@8G4K?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                                                            
 )G;8EABA 6HEE8AG?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                                                                    
 +@E2=%@? FCC6?E#:23:=:E:6D                                                                                                                               

 +@E2=#:23:=:E:6D                                                                                                                                        

 BF:EJ
 -;4E864C<G4?                                                                                                                                            
 BAGE<5HG87FHEC?HF                                                                                                                                           
 ,8G4<A8784EA<A:F                                                                                                                                             
 66H@H?4G87BG;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@8                                                                                                                           
 +@E2=BF:EJ                                                                                                                                                 
 B@@<G@8AGF4A76BAG<A:8AG?<45<?<G<8F                                                 
 +@E2=#:23:=:E:6D2?5BF:EJ                                                                                                                           
-88466B@C4AL<A:ABG8FJ;<6;9BE@4A<AG8:E4?C4EGB9G;8F86BAFB?<74G879<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF
CCEBI87BA58;4?9B9G;8B4E7B9<E86GBEFBA 85EH4EL 


F;4E?8F1<AB:E47;4<E        F1<??<4@&<AGBA<E86GBE

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                                                                                                                                                                
                                                   2021 Annual Report         105 TMX Group Limited
                                                                                               @?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED

+$/)&,'# $ +
@?D@=:52E65 ?4@>6*E2E6>6?ED
 *)&((&+*/+#*!&*!+((./"4 ",0,"./%.")+1*0/
                                                                                                @CE96J62C6?565646>36C
                                                                               +0"                                    

 ,8I8AH8                                                                                                        
 ,*)4A76B??4G8E4?<AG8E8FG
  #AG8E8FG<A6B@8                                                                                                    
  #AG8E8FG8KC8AF8                                                                                                
 (8G,*)4A76B??4G8E4?<AG8E8FG                                                                       M                 R
 +@E2=C6G6?F6                                                                                                       

 B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF                                                                                         
 #A9BE@4G<BA4A7GE47<A:FLFG8@F                                                                                     
 -8??<A: :8A8E4?4A747@<A<FGE4G<BA                                                                                 
 8CE86<4G<BA4A74@BEG<M4G<BA                                                                                   
 +@E2=@A6C2E:?86IA6?D6D                                                                                          

 ?4@>67C@>@A6C2E:@?D                                                                                             

 -;4E8B9<A6B@89EB@8DH<GL466BHAG87<AI8FG88F                                                                   
 (8G9<A4A686BFGF                                                                                             
  ?4@>6367@C6:?4@>6E2I6IA6?D6                                                                                  

 #A6B@8G4K8KC8AF8                                                                                                

 %6E:?4@>6                                                                                                      

 2C?:?8DA6CD92C6
   4F<6                                                                                                          
   <?HG87                                                                                                       
-88466B@C4AL<A:ABG8FJ;<6;9BE@4A<AG8:E4?C4EGB9G;8F86BAFB?<74G879<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                                                                                                                
                                        2021 Annual Report     106 TMX Group Limited
                                                                                                  @?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED

+$/)&,'# $ +
@?D@=:52E65*E2E6>6?ED@7@>AC696?D:G6 ?4@>6
 *)&((&+*/+#*!&*!+((./
                                                                                                   @CE96J62C6?565646>36C
                                                                                     +0"                                


 %6E:?4@>6                                                                                                         


 &E96C4@>AC696?D:G6:?4@>6=@DD


 #G8@FG;4GJ<??ABG58E86?4FF<9<87GBG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AGF

  6GH4E<4?:4<A?BFFBA789<A8758A89<GC8AF<BA4A7BG;8ECBFG E8G<E8@8AG
  58A89<GC?4AFA8GB9G4K8KC8AF8B9   G4K58A89<GB9                                                
 +@E2=:E6>DE92EH:==?@E36C64=2DD:7:65E@E964@?D@=:52E65:?4@>6DE2E6>6?ED                                         


 #G8@FG;4G@4L58E86?4FF<9<87FH5F8DH8AG?LGBG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8
 FG4G8@8AGF

  /AE84?<M87?BFF:4<ABAGE4AF?4G<A:9<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGFB99BE8<:ABC8E4G<BAF                                     
 +@E2=:E6>DE92E>2J36C64=2DD:7:65DF3D6BF6?E=JE@E964@?D@=:52E65:?4@>6
 DE2E6>6?ED                                                                                                           
 +@E2=4@>AC696?D:G6:?4@>6                                                                                          
-88466B@C4AL<A:ABG8FJ;<6;9BE@4A<AG8:E4?C4EGB9G;8F86BAFB?<74G879<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                                                                                                                   
                                        2021 Annual Report    107 TMX Group Limited
                                                                                                 @?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED

+$/)&,'# $ +
@?D@=:52E65*E2E6>6?ED@792?86D:?BF:EJ
 *)&((&+*/+#*!&*!+((./
                                                                                           @CE96J62C6?565646>36C  
                                                                                              44F>F=2E65
                                                                                                     @E96C
                                                                       *92C6 @?EC:3FE65 4@>AC696?D:G6     )6E2:?65      +@E2=
                                                        +0"          42A:E2=     DFCA=FD :?4@>6=@DD       62C?:?8D      6BF:EJ
 2=2?462E!2?F2CJ                                                                       

 %6E:?4@>6                                                              M           M             M             

 &E96C4@>AC696?D:G6=@DD:?4@>6
 /AE84?<M87?BFFBAGE4AF?4G<A:9<A4A6<4?
 FG4G8@8AGFB99BE8<:ABC8E4G<BAF                                        M           M                   M      
 6GH4E<4?:4<ABA789<A8758A89<GC8AF<BA4A7
 BG;8ECBFG E8G<E8@8AG58A89<GC?4AF A8GB9
 G4K8F                                                                 M           M             M               
 +@E2=4@>AC696?D:G6=@DD:?4@>6                                       M           M                      

 :G:56?5DE@6BF:EJ9@=56CD                                          M           M             M          
 'C@4665D7C@>6I6C4:D65D92C6@AE:@?D                                            M             M          M       
 @DE@76I6C4:D65D92C6@AE:@?D                                                             M          M        M
 @DE@7D92C6@AE:@?A=2?                                             M                       M          M        
 *92C6DC6AFC492D65F?56C?@C>2=4@FCD6
 :DDF6C3:5                                                                  M             M          M      

 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                       
-88466B@C4AL<A:ABG8FJ;<6;9BE@4A<AG8:E4?C4EGB9G;8F86BAFB?<74G879<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                                                                                                                  
                                             2021 Annual Report     108 TMX Group Limited
                                                                                                @?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED

+$/)&,'# $ +
@?D@=:52E65*E2E6>6?ED@792?86D:?BF:EJ
 *)&((&+*/+#*!&*!+((./
                                                                                           @CE96J62C6?565646>36C  
                                                                                          44F>F=2E65
                                                                                                 @E96C
                                                                    *92C6 @?EC:3FE65 4@>AC696?D:G6     )6E2:?65       +@E2=
                                                        +0"       42A:E2=     DFCA=FD         :?4@>6       62C?:?8D     6BF:EJ
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                    

 (8G<A6B@8                                                           R          R             R               

 )G;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@8?BFF
 /AE84?<M87:4<ABAGE4AF?4G<A:9<A4A6<4?
 FG4G8@8AGFB99BE8<:ABC8E4G<BAF                                     R          R                      R         
 6GH4E<4??BFFBA789<A8758A89<GC8AF<BA4A7
 BG;8ECBFG E8G<E8@8AG58A89<GC?4AF A8GB9
 G4K8F                                                              R          R             R                 

 .BG4?6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@8?BFF                                    R          R                          


 <I<78A7FGB8DH<GL;B?78EF                                       R          R             R             
 *EB6887F9EB@8K8E6<F87F;4E8BCG<BAF                                        R             R           R         
 BFGB98K8E6<F87F;4E8BCG<BAF                                                         R           R          R
 BFGB9F;4E8BCG<BAC?4A                                          R                      R           R          
 -;4E8FE8CHE6;4F87HA78EABE@4?6BHEF8
 <FFH8E5<7                                                              R             R           R        

 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                 
-88466B@C4AL<A:ABG8FJ;<6;9BE@4A<AG8:E4?C4EGB9G;8F86BAFB?<74G879<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                                                                                                                 
                                             2021 Annual Report      109 TMX Group Limited
                                                                                                    @?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED

+$/)&,'# $ +
@?D@=:52E65*E2E6>6?ED@72D9=@HD
 *)&((&+*/+#*!&*!+((./
                                                                                                         @CE96J62C6?565646>36C
                                                                                      +0"                                       
 2D97=@HD7C@>FD65:?@A6C2E:?824E:G:E:6D
 #A6B@8589BE8<A6B@8G4K8F                                                                                                
 7=HFG@8AGFGB78G8E@<A8A8G64F;9?BJF
   8CE86<4G<BA4A74@BEG<M4G<BA                                                                                           
   (8G9<A4A686BFGF                                                                                                           
   -;4E8B9<A6B@89EB@8DH<GL466BHAG87<AI8FG88F                                                                        
   BFGB9F;4E8BCG<BAC?4A                                                                                                   
   /AE84?<M879BE8<:A8K6;4A:8:4<A?BFF                                                                                      
 ;4A:8F<A
   .E4784A7BG;8EE868<I45?8F 4A7CE8C4<78KC8AF8F                                                                         
   .E4784A7BG;8EC4L45?8F                                                                                                     
   *EBI<F<BAF                                                                                                                  
   898EE87E8I8AH8                                                                                                              
   )G;8E4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                               
 #A6B@8G4K8FC4<7                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                             
 2D97=@HD7C@>FD65:?7:?2?4:?824E:G:E:6D
 #AG8E8FGC4<7                                                                                                           
 ,8C4L@8AGB9?84F8?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                             
 *EB6887F9EB@8K8E6<F87BCG<BAF                                                                                               
 -;4E8FE8CHE6;4F87HA78EABE@4?6BHEF8<FFH8E5<7                                                                        
 <I<78A7FC4<7GB8DH<GL;B?78EF                                                                                      
 *EB6887F9EB@<FFH4A68B97858AGHE8F                                                                                             M
 E87<G946<?<GL4A7785G9<A4A6<A:988F                                                                                        M
 (8G@BI8@8AGB9B@@8E6<4?*4C8E                                                                                          
 E87<G4A7?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F7E4JA A8G                                                                                 
                                                                                                                          
 2D97=@HD7C@>FD65:?:?G6DE:?824E:G:E:6D
 #AG8E8FGE868<I87                                                                                                                  
 <I<78A7FE868<I87                                                                                                                 
 77<G<BAFGBCE8@<F8F4A78DH<C@8AG4A7<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF                                                                  
 6DH<F<G<BAB9FH5F<7<4E<8F A8GB964F;46DH<E87                                                                         R
 '4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F A8G                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                            
 ?4C62D6564C62D6:?42D92?542D96BF:G2=6?ED                                                                               
 4F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF 58:<AA<A:B9G;8C8E<B7                                                                        
 /AE84?<M879BE8<:A8K6;4A:8?BFF:4<ABA64F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF;8?7<A
   9BE8<:A6HEE8A6<8F                                                                                                              
 2D92?542D96BF:G2=6?ED 6?5@7E96A6C:@5                                                                            

-88466B@C4AL<A:ABG8FJ;<6;9BE@4A<AG8:E4?C4EGB9G;8F86BAFB?<74G879<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                                                                                                                   
                                           2021 Annual Report    110 TMX Group Limited
+$/)&,'# $ +
%@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
*)&((&+*/+#*!&*!+((./"4 ",0,"./%.")+1*0/
%&+L%)# %&)$+ &%

.'2!EBHC&<@<G87<F46B@C4AL7B@<6<?87<A4A4744A7<A6BECBE4G87HA78EG;8HF<A8FFBECBE4G<BAF6G)AG4E<B .;8
E8:<FG8E87B99<68<F?B64G874G78?4<78-GE88G18FG .BEBAGB )AG4E<B 4A474
.;8 4H7<G87 4AAH4? 6BAFB?<74G87 9<A4A6<4? FG4G8@8AGF 4F 4G 4A7 9BE G;8 L84E 8A787 868@58E    4A7  G;8
T9<A4A6<4? FG4G8@8AGFU  6B@CE<F8 G;8 466BHAGF B9 .'2 !EBHC &<@<G87 4A7 <GF FH5F<7<4E<8F 6B??86G<I8?L E898EE87 GB 4F G;8
TB@C4ALU 4A7G;8B@C4ALSF<AG8E8FGF<A8DH<GL466BHAG87<AI8FG88F
.'2 !EBHC &<@<G87 6BAGEB?F  7<E86G?L BE <A7<E86G?L  4 AH@58E B9 8AG<G<8F J;<6; BC8E4G8 8K6;4A:8F  @4E>8GF  4A7
6?84E<A:;BHF8FCE<@4E<?L9BE64C<G4?@4E>8GF<A4A4744A7CEBI<78FF8?86GF8EI<68F:?B54??L <A6?H7<A:
V   .-2#A6 T.-2U J;<6;BC8E4G8F.BEBAGB-GB6>K6;4A:8 4A4G<BA4?FGB6>8K6;4A:8F8EI<A:G;8F8A<BE8DH<G<8F@4E>8G
    .-208AGHE8K6;4A:8#A6 T.-208AGHE8K6;4A:8U J;<6;BC8E4G8F.-208AGHE8K6;4A:8 4A4G<BA4?FGB6>8K6;4A:8
    F8EI<A: G;8 CH5?<6 I8AGHE8 8DH<GL @4E>8G 4A7 ?C;4 K6;4A:8 #A6  ?C;4  J;<6; 4?FB BC8E4G8F 4A 8K6;4A:8 9BE G;8
    GE47<A:B9F86HE<G<8F
V   'BAGEP4?K6;4A:8#A6 '2 J;<6;BC8E4G8FG;8'BAGEP4?K6;4A:8 4A474SFA4G<BA4?78E<I4G<I8F8K6;4A:8 4A7<GF
    FH5F<7<4E<8F  <A6?H7<A: 4A47<4A 8E<I4G<I8F ?84E<A: BECBE4G<BA TU  G;8 6?84E<A: ;BHF8 9BE BCG<BAF 4A7 9HGHE8F
    6BAGE46GF GE4787 4G '2 4A7 68EG4<A BI8E G;8 6BHAG8E T).U CEB7H6GF 4A7 9<K87 <A6B@8 E8CHE6;4F8 T,*)U
    4:E88@8AGF '24?FB;B?7F4A<AI8FG@8AG<A)2"B?7<A:F!EBHC&&)2"B?7<A:F J;<6;J;B??L BJAF)2)CG<BAF
    '4E>8G&&T)2U )2CEBI<78F4@4E>8G9BEG;8GE47<A:B9/A<G87-G4G8F/-8DH<GLBCG<BAF .;8B@C4AL466BHAGF
    9BE<GF<AI8FG@8AG<A)2"B?7<A:FHF<A:G;88DH<GL@8G;B7ABG8
V   .;8 4A47<4A 8CBF<GBEL 9BE -86HE<G<8F &<@<G87 4A7 <GF FH5F<7<4E<8F -  <A6?H7<A: - ?84E<A: 4A7 8CBF<GBEL
    -8EI<68F #A6  T- ?84E<A:U  J;<6; BC8E4G8F G;8 4HGB@4G87 946<?<G<8F 9BE G;8 6?84E<A: 4A7 F8GG?8@8AG B9 8DH<G<8F 4A7
    9<K87<A6B@8GE4AF46G<BAF4A76HFGB7LB9F86HE<G<8F<A4A474
V   .E4LCBEG "B?7<A:F &<@<G87 4A7 <GF FH5F<7<4E<8F 6B??86G<I8?L .E4LCBEG  4 CEBI<78E B9 G86;AB?B:L FB?HG<BAF 9BE 8A8E:L
    GE478EF  5EB>8EF 4A7 8K6;4A:8F 54F87 <A &BA7BA  /%  )A $HA8     .E4LCBEG &<@<G87 6B@C?8G87 G;8 46DH<F<G<BA B9
    !8E@4A 54F87.E478F<:A4?!@5".E478F<:A4? 4CEBI<78EB9EH?8 54F87GE47<A:4A7G86;A<64?6;4EG4A4?LF<FFB9GJ4E8
    ABG8
V   -;BE64AEB>8EF&<@<G87-;BE64A 49<K87<A6B@8<AG8E 784?8E5EB>8E4A7E8:<FG8E878K8@CG@4E>8G784?8E4A7
V   .-2.EHFGB@C4AL.-2.EHFG 4CEBI<78EB96BECBE4G8GEHFG E8:<FGE4E GE4AF98E4:8A6L4A79BE8<:A8K6;4A:8F8EI<68F 
    )A H:HFG     G;8 B@C4AL 6B@C?8G87 G;8 46DH<F<G<BA B9 -. #AI8FGBE -8EI<68F #A6  4A474 -.#- 4A7 <GF
    FH5F<7<4EL -. .EHFG B@C4AL 4A474 -. .EHFG 6B??86G<I8?L  T-. 4A474U  4 CEBI<78E B9 GE4AF98E 4:8A6L 
    6BECBE4G8GEHFG 4A7E8?4G87F8EI<68FG;8-.4A4746DH<F<G<BAABG8 

%&+L* *&')')+ &%

* *&&,%+ %
.;89<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF;4I8588ACE8C4E875L@4A4:8@8AG<A466BE74A68J<G;#AG8EA4G<BA4? <A4A6<4?,8CBEG<A:-G4A74E7F
T# ,-U 4A7 # ,- #AG8ECE8G4G<BAF B@@<GG88 T# ,#U <AG8ECE8G4G<BAF  4F <FFH87 5L G;8 #AG8EA4G<BA4? 66BHAG<A: -G4A74E7F
B4E7T#-U .;89<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGFJ8E84CCEBI875LG;8B@C4ALSFB4E7B9<E86GBEFBA 85EH4EL 
.;8 B@C4ALF F<:A<9<64AG 466BHAG<A: CB?<6<8F ;4I8 588A 4CC?<87 6BAF<FG8AG?L GB 4?? C8E<B7F CE8F8AG87 <A G;8 9<A4A6<4?
FG4G8@8AGF  HA?8FF BG;8EJ<F8 <A7<64G87  .;8 B@C4AL ;4F 4CC?<87 <GF =H7:8@8AG <A CE8F8AG<A: <GF F<:A<9<64AG 466BHAG<A:
CB?<6<8F GB:8G;8E J<G; E8?4G87 <A9BE@4G<BA <A G;8 ABG8F GB G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 9<A4A6<4? FG4G8@8AGF  .;8 B@C4AL ;4F 4?FB
BE78E87 <GF ABG8F GB G;8 9<A4A6<4? FG4G8@8AGF GB 8@C;4F<M8 G;8 4E84F G;4G 4E8 @BFG E8?8I4AG GB G;8 B@C4ALF 9<A4A6<4?
C8E9BE@4A684A79<A4A6<4?CBF<G<BA 4FI<8J875L@4A4:8@8AG
* *&$*,)$%+
.;89<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF;4I8588ACE8C4E87BAG;8;<FGBE<64?6BFG54F<F8K68CG9BEG;89B??BJ<A:<G8@FJ;<6;4E8@84FHE874G
94<EI4?H8
V   8EG4<A9<A4A6<4?<AFGEH@8AGFABG84A7
.'2!,)/*&#'#.                                                                                                                         


                                           2021 Annual Report      111 TMX Group Limited
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

V   &<45<?<G<8F4E<F<A:9EB@F;4E8 54F87C4L@8AGC?4AFABG8 
.;8B@C4ALHF8F494<EI4?H8;<8E4E6;LGB78G8E@<A87<F6?BFHE84A7GB64G8:BE<M8G;8<ACHGFHF87<A<GFI4?H4G<BAB94FF8GF
4A7?<45<?<G<8F64EE<874G94<EI4?H8  4<EI4?H8F4E864G8:BE<M87<AGB&8I8?QGBG;88KG8AGB9G;8B@C4ALSFHF8B9HA47=HFG87
DHBG87 @4E>8G CE<68F &8I8?  Q I4?H4G<BA HF<A: B5F8EI45?8 @4E>8G <A9BE@4G<BA 4F <ACHGF 4A7 &8I8?  Q I4?H4G<BA HF<A:
HAB5F8EI45?8@4E>8G<A9BE@4G<BA
!,$%+*%*+ $+*
.;8CE8C4E4G<BAB9G;89<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF<A6BA9BE@<GLJ<G;# ,-E8DH<E8F@4A4:8@8AGGB@4>8=H7:8@8AGF 8FG<@4G8F4A7
4FFH@CG<BAF G;4G 49986G G;8 E8CBEG87 4@BHAGF B9 4FF8GF  ?<45<?<G<8F 4A7 6BAG<A:8AG ?<45<?<G<8F 4G G;8 74G8 B9 G;8 9<A4A6<4?
FG4G8@8AGF 4A7 G;8 E8CBEG87 4@BHAGF B9 E8I8AH8 4A7 8KC8AF8F 7HE<A: G;8 E8CBEG<A: C8E<B7  .;8 8FG<@4G8F 4A7 4FFB6<4G87
4FFH@CG<BAF4E854F87BA;<FGBE<64?8KC8E<8A684A7BG;8E946GBEFG;4G@4A4:8@8AG6BAF<78EFGB58E8?8I4AG 6GH4?E8FH?GF
6BH?77<998E9EB@G;8F88FG<@4G8F4A74FFH@CG<BAF
$H7:8@8AGF 8FG<@4G8F4A7HA78E?L<A:4FFH@CG<BAF4E8E8I<8J87BA4ABA:B<A:54F<F 4A7E8I<F<BAFGB466BHAG<A:8FG<@4G8F
4E8E86B:A<M87<AG;8C8E<B7<AJ;<6;G;88FG<@4G8F4E8E8I<F874A7<A4AL9HGHE8C8E<B7F49986G87
$H7:8@8AGF@478<A4CC?L<A:466BHAG<A:CB?<6<8FG;4G;4I8G;8@BFGF<:A<9<64AG89986GFBAG;84@BHAGFE86B:A<M87<AG;8F8
9<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF4E8<A6?H787<AG;89B??BJ<A:ABG8F
V   ,8I8AH8E86B:A<G<BA #78AG<9<64G<BAB9C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAF4A778G8E@<A4G<BAB9G;8G<@<A:B9J;8AC8E9BE@4A68
    B5?<:4G<BAF4E8F4G<F9<87 8<G;8E4G4CB<AG<AG<@8BEBI8EG<@8 E8DH<E8F=H7:8@8AGABG8 
V   04?H4G<BA B9 :BB7J<?? 4A7 <A789<A<G8 ?<98 <AG4A:<5?8 4FF8GF  *HE6;4F87 <AG4A:<5?8F 4E8 I4?H87 4F 4G G;8 46DH<F<G<BA 74G8
    HF<A:8FG45?<F;87@8G;B7B?B:<8F4A74@BEG<M87BI8EG;8<E8FG<@4G87HF89H?86BAB@<6?<I8F 8K68CG<AG;BF864F8FJ;8E8
    <AG4A:<5?8F 4E8 78G8E@<A87 GB ;4I8 <A789<A<G8 ?<I8F  J;8E8 G;8E8 <F AB 9BE8F8845?8 ?<@<G BI8E J;<6; G;8F8 <AG4A:<5?8F
    JBH?7 :8A8E4G8 A8G 64F; 9?BJF  .;8F8 I4?H4G<BAF 4A7 ?<I8F 4E8 54F87 BA @4A4:8@8AGF 58FG 8FG<@4G8F B9 9HGHE8
    C8E9BE@4A684A7C8E<B7FBI8EJ;<6;I4?H89EB@G;8<AG4A:<5?84FF8GFJ<??5878E<I87ABG8
V   ?4FF<9<64G<BAB99<A4A6<4?4FF8GF '4A4:8@8AG;4F8K8E6<F87=H7:@8AG<AG;84FF8FF@8AGB9G;85HF<A8FF@B78?J<G;<A
    J;<6; G;8 4FF8GF 4E8 ;8?7 4A7 <A G;8 4FF8FF@8AG B9 J;8G;8E G;8 6BAGE46GH4? G8E@F B9 G;8 9<A4A6<4? 4FF8G 4E8 FB?8?L
    C4L@8AGFB9CE<A6<C4?4A7<AG8E8FGBAG;8CE<A6<C4?4@BHAGFBHGFG4A7<A:GB78G8E@<A8G;86?4FF<9<64G<BAB99<A4A6<4?4FF8GF
    ABG8
#A9BE@4G<BA45BHG4FFH@CG<BAF4A78FG<@4G8HA68EG4<AG<8FG;4G;4I84F<:A<9<64AGE<F>B9E8FH?G<A:<A4@4G8E<4?47=HFG@8AG<A
G;8F89<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF<F<A6?H787<AG;89B??BJ<A:ABG8F
V    4<E I4?H8F B9 CHE6;4F8 6BAF<78E4G<BA  4FF8GF 46DH<E87  4A7 ?<45<?<G<8F 4FFH@87 <A 5HF<A8FF 6B@5<A4G<BAF Q 9BE G;8
    46DH<F<G<BAF B9 FH5F<7<4E<8F  G;8 94<E I4?H8F HA78E G;8 46DH<F<G<BA @8G;B7 4E8 54F87 BA @4A4:8@8AGSF 58FG 8FG<@4G8F
    HF<A:8FG45?<F;87@8G;B7B?B:<8FB9G;894<EI4?H8B9G;84FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F46DH<E874A77<FCBF87ABG8F4A7 
     BE 46DH<E87 6HFGB@8E E8?4G<BAF;<CF  GE478 A4@8F  4A7 G86;AB?B:L <A C4EG<6H?4E  G;8 B@C4AL 8FG<@4G8F G;8 94<E I4?H8
    54F87 BA G;8 <A6B@8 4CCEB46;  .;8 <A6B@8 4CCEB46; <F 4 I4?H4G<BA G86;A<DH8 G;4G 64?6H?4G8F G;8 94<E I4?H8 B9 4A
    <AG4A:<5?8 4FF8G 54F87 BA G;8 CE8F8AG I4?H8 B9 9HGHE8 64F; 9?BJF G;4G G;8 4FF8G 64A 58 8KC86G87 GB :8A8E4G8 BI8E <GF
    E8@4<A<A: HF89H? ?<98  .;<F I4?H4G<BA <AIB?I8F F<:A<9<64AG FH5=86G<I<GL 4A7 8FG<@4G<BA HA68EG4<AGL  <A6?H7<A: 4FFH@CG<BAF
    E8?4G87 GB G;8 9HGHE8 E8I8AH8F 4GGE<5HG45?8 GB 46DH<E87 6HFGB@8E E8?4G<BAF;<CF  GE478 A4@8F  BE G86;AB?B:L  6HFGB@8E
    4GGE<G<BAE4G8F EBL4?GL 9E88E4G8 9HGHE88KC8AF8F 4A77<F6BHAGE4G8F
V   #@C4<E@8AG B9 :BB7J<?? 4A7 <A789<A<G8 ?<98 <AG4A:<5?8 4FF8GF Q <@C4<E@8AG G8FGF 4E8 6B@C?8G87 HF<A: G;8 ;<:;8E B9 94<E
    I4?H8 ?8FF 6BFGF B9 7<FCBF4?  J;8E8 4I4<?45?8  4A7 I4?H8 <A HF8 64?6H?4G<BAF  78G8E@<A87 HF<A: @4A4:8@8AGSF 58FG
    8FG<@4G8FB99HGHE864F;9?BJF ?BA: G8E@:EBJG;E4G8F4A74CCEBCE<4G87<F6BHAGE4G8FABG8
V   '84FHE8@8AG B9 789<A87 58A89<G B5?<:4G<BAF 9BE C8AF<BAF  BG;8E CBFG E8G<E8@8AG 4A7 CBFG 8@C?BL@8AG 58A89<GF Q G;8
    I4?H4G<BAF B9 G;8 789<A87 58A89<G 4FF8GF 4A7 ?<45<?<G<8F 4E8 54F87 BA 46GH4E<4? 4FFH@CG<BAF @478 5L @4A4:8@8AG J<G;
    47I<689EB@G;8B@C4ALSF8KG8EA4?46GH4ELABG8
V   *EBI<F<BAF 4A7 6BAG<A:8A6<8F Q @4A4:8@8AG =H7:8@8AG <F E8DH<E87 GB 4FF8FF J;8G;8E CEBI<F<BAF 4A7BE 6BAG<A:8A6<8F
    F;BH?758E86B:A<M87BE7<F6?BF87 4A74GJ;4G4@BHAG '4A4:8@8AG54F8F<GF786<F<BAFBAC4FG8KC8E<8A684A7BG;8E
    946GBEF<G6BAF<78EFGB58E8?8I4AGBA464F85L64F854F<FABG8
V   &84F8F Q @4A4:8@8AG HF8F =H7:@8AG GB 78G8E@<A8 J;8G;8E G;8 B@C4AL <F E84FBA45?L 68EG4<A GB 8K8E6<F8 8KG8AF<BA
    BCG<BAFABG8

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report     112 TMX Group Limited                                                   
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

V   -;4E8 54F87C4L@8AGFQG;8?<45<?<G<8F4FFB6<4G87J<G;G;8B@C4ALSFF;4E8 54F87C4L@8AGC?4AF4E8@84FHE874G94<E
    I4?H8 HF<A: 4 E86B:A<M87 BCG<BA CE<6<A: @B78? 54F87 BA @4A4:8@8AGSF 4FFH@CG<BAF  '4A4:8@8AGSF 4FFH@CG<BAF 4E8
    54F87BA;<FGBE<64?F;4E8CE<68@BI8@8AGF 7<I<78A7CB?<6L4A7C4FG8KC8E<8A689BEG;8B@C4ALABG84A7
V   #A6B@8G4K8FQG;8466BHAG<A:9BE<A6B@8G4K8FE8DH<E8F8FG<@4G8FGB58@478 FH6;4FG;8E86BI8E45<?<GLB97898EE87G4K
    4FF8GF4A74FF8FF@8AGB9G4KHA68EG4<AG<8F 1;8E87<998E8A68F4E<F858GJ88A8FG<@4G87<A6B@8G4KCEBI<F<BAF4A79<A4?
    <A6B@8G4K?<45<?<G<8F 4A47=HFG@8AG<F@478J;8AG;87<998E8A68<F<78AG<9<87ABG8
* *&&%*&# + &%
-H5F<7<4E<8F4E88AG<G<8F6BAGEB??875LG;8B@C4AL 4A7G;8L4E86BAFB?<74G879EB@G;874G8BAJ;<6;6BAGEB?<FGE4AF98EE87
GBG;8B@C4ALHAG<?G;874G8G;4G6BAGEB?684F8F 4?4A68F4A7GE4AF46G<BAF58GJ88AG;8B@C4ALSFFH5F<7<4E<8F;4I8588A
8?<@<A4G87 BA 6BAFB?<74G<BA  )A ?BFF B9 6BAGEB? B9 4 FH5F<7<4EL  G;8 B@C4AL 78E86B:A<M8F G;8 4FF8GF 4A7 ?<45<?<G<8F B9 G;8
8AG<GL AL:4<ABE?BFF<FE86B:A<M87<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG4A74ALE8G4<A87<AG8E8FGF@84FHE874G94<EI4?H8
4GG;874G8B9?BFFB96BAGEB? ;4A:8F<AG;8B@C4ALF<AG8E8FGG;4G7BABGE8FH?G<A4?BFFB96BAGEB?4E8466BHAG879BE4F
8DH<GLGE4AF46G<BAF 
DH<GL 466BHAG87 <AI8FG88F 4E8 8AG<G<8F <A J;<6; G;8 B@C4AL ;4F 78G8E@<A87 <G ;4F F<:A<9<64AG <A9?H8A68  5HG ABG 6BAGEB? 
BI8E G;8 9<A4A6<4? 4A7 BC8E4G<A: CB?<6<8F  #AI8FG@8AGF <A G;8F8 8AG<G<8F 4E8 E86B:A<M87 <A<G<4??L 4G 6BFG 4A7 FH5F8DH8AG?L
466BHAG879BEHF<A:G;88DH<GL@8G;B7B9466BHAG<A:
,%+ &%#%')*%++ &%,))%0
#G8@F<A6?H787<AG;89<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGFB9846;B9G;8B@C4ALSF8AG<G<8F4E8@84FHE87HF<A:G;86HEE8A6LB9G;8CE<@4EL
86BAB@<6 8AI<EBA@8AG <A J;<6; G;8 8AG<GL BC8E4G8F G;8 T9HA6G<BA4? 6HEE8A6LU  .;8 9<A4A6<4? FG4G8@8AGF 4E8 CE8F8AG87 <A
4A47<4A7B??4EF J;<6;<FG;8B@C4ALSF9HA6G<BA4?4A7CE8F8AG4G<BA6HEE8A6L
.;84FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8FB9G;8B@C4ALSF9BE8<:ABC8E4G<BAF9BEJ;<6;G;84A47<4A7B??4E<FABGG;89HA6G<BA4?6HEE8A6L4E8
GE4AF?4G874GG;8E4G8B98K6;4A:8<A89986G4GG;854?4A68F;88G74G8 ,8I8AH84A78KC8AF8F4E8GE4AF?4G874GG;8E8?8I4AG
74<?L8K6;4A:8E4G8F .;8E8FH?G<A:HAE84?<M878K6;4A:8:4<ABE?BFF<F<A6?H787<A466H@H?4G87BG;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@8
J<G;<A8DH<GL
,8I8AH8F84EA87 8KC8AF8F<A6HEE874A74FF8GFCHE6;4F87<A9BE8<:A6HEE8A6<8F4E8GE4AF?4G87<AGBG;89HA6G<BA4?6HEE8A6L4G
G;8CE8I4<?<A:8K6;4A:8E4G8BAG;8GE4AF46G<BA74G8 'BA8G4EL4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F78AB@<A4G87<A9BE8<:A6HEE8A6<8F4E8
GE4AF?4G874GG;8C8E<B78A7E4G8BE4GG;8GE4AF46G<BAE4G8J;8AF8GG?87 ,8FH?G<A:HAE84?<M874A7E84?<M879BE8<:A8K6;4A:8
:4<AF4A7?BFF8F4E8E86B:A<M87J<G;<ABG;8EE8I8AH8<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG9BEG;8C8E<B7

%&+L(, * + &%*&*,*  ) *

*+%
)AH:HFG  G;8B@C4AL6B@C?8G87G;8-.4A4746DH<F<G<BA9BE  47=HFG879BE68EG4<A<G8@FF8858?BJ 
.;8-.4A4746DH<F<G<BA<F466BHAG879BE4F45HF<A8FF6B@5<A4G<BA<A466BE74A68J<G;# ,- 1/&*"//+)&*0&+*/ 
)AH:HFG  G;EBH:;4F8E<8FB9CBFG 6?BF<A:?8:4?4A7G4KFG8CF -.#-7<FGE<5HG87<GFF;4E8FB9-..EHFGGB<GFC4E8AG 
.'2 !EBHC &<@<G87  4A7 BA -8CG8@58E     -. .EHFG 4A7 .-2 .EHFG 4@4?:4@4G87 GB 9BE@ 4 A8J?L 4@4?:4@4G87
6BECBE4G<BA6BAG<AH874F.-2.EHFG -.#-J4FE8A4@87.'2#AI8FGBE-B?HG<BAF#A6
.;89B??BJ<A:G45?8FH@@4E<M8FG;88FG<@4G8794<EI4?H8FB9G;84FF8GF46DH<E874A7?<45<?<G<8F4FFH@87 #A78G8E@<A<A:G;8
CE8?<@<A4EL CHE6;4F8 CE<68 4??B64G<BA  G;8 B@C4AL 6BAF<78E87  4@BA: BG;8E 946GBEF  G;8 <AG8A787 9HGHE8 HF8 B9 46DH<E87
4FF8GF 4A4?LF<FB9;<FGBE<64?9<A4A6<4?C8E9BE@4A684A78FG<@4G8FB99HGHE8C8E9BE@4A68B9-.4A474 .;8B@C4AL;4FABG
L8G B5G4<A87 4?? G;8 <A9BE@4G<BA A868FF4EL GB 9<A4?<M8 G;8 CHE6;4F8 CE<68 4??B64G<BA  <A6?H7<A: G;8 I4?H4G<BA B9 <78AG<9<45?8
<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF <A6B@8G4K8F 68EG4<ABG;8E4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F 4A79<A4?JBE><A:64C<G4?47=HFG@8AGF .;8B@C4ALJ<??
9<A4?<M8 G;8F8 4@BHAGF J<G;<A GJ8?I8 @BAG;F 9B??BJ<A: G;8 46DH<F<G<BA 74G8  AL 6;4A:8F E8FH?G<A: 9EB@ 946GF 4A7
6<E6H@FG4A68F G;4G 8K<FG87 4F B9 G;8 46DH<F<G<BA 74G8 J<?? E8FH?G <A E8GEBFC86G<I8 47=HFG@8AGF GB G;8 CEBI<F<BA4? 4@BHAGF
58?BJ  E86B:A<M87 4G G;8 46DH<F<G<BA 74G8  -. 4A474 <F <A6?H787 <A G;8 4C<G4? BE@4G<BA BC8E4G<A: F8:@8AG  HA78E .-2
.EHFGABG8 




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      113 TMX Group Limited                                                  
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

 *HE6;4F86BAF<78E4G<BA
   4F8CHE6;4F8CE<68                                                                                                                  
   1BE><A:64C<G4?47=HFG@8AGF                                                                                                             
   ?BF<A:785G                                                                                                                           
   B@C4ALGE4AF46G<BA8KC8AF84A7BG;8E47=HFG@8AGF                                                                                      
 +@E2=AFC492D64@?D:56C2E:@?                                                                                                           

  4<EI4?H8B9<78AG<9<45?84FF8GF46DH<E874A7?<45<?<G<8F4FFH@87
    4F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF                                                                                                               
    .E4784A7BG;8EE868<I45?8F                                                                                                            
    #AG4A:<5?84FF8GF                                                                                                                      
    !BB7J<??                                                                                                                               
    898EE87G4K?<45<?<G<8F A8G                                                                                                        
    )G;8E4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F A8G                                                                                                     
 2:CG2=F6@7?6E2DD6ED24BF:C65                                                                                                      

.;8 :BB7J<?? E86BE787 BA 46DH<F<G<BA <F ?4E:8?L E89?86G<I8 B9 G;8 FLA8E:<8F E8FH?G<A: 9EB@ 6B@5<A<A: -. 4A474SF
6B@C?8@8AG4EL CBEG9B?<B B9 F8EI<68F J<G; G;BF8 B9 .-2 .EHFG 5HF<A8FF GB 8A;4A68 4A7 5EB478A G;8 F6BC8 4A7 F64?8 B9 .-2
.EHFGF5HF<A8FF (BA8B9G;8:BB7J<??E86B:A<M87<F787H6G<5?89BE<A6B@8G4KCHECBF8F 

                                                     4BF:D:E:@?52E6        44F>F=2E65
  ?E2?8:3=62DD6ED                                      72:CG2=F6            2>@CE:K2E:@?          %6E3@@<G2=F6             ,D67F==:76
 HFGB@8EE8?4G<BAF;<CF                                                                                                 L84EF
 .86;AB?B:L                                                                                                             L84EF
 +@E2=                                                                                                       

 BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4AL<A6HEE87 <A46DH<F<G<BA4A7E8?4G876BFGF   .;8F86BFGF
4E8<A6?H787<A-8??<A: :8A8E4?4A747@<A<FGE4G<BA4A7B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AGF
 BE G;8 L84E 8A787 868@58E     -. 4A474 6BAGE<5HG87 E8I8AH8 B9   4A7 A8G ?BFF B9   <A G;8 CBFG
6B@5<A4G<BAC8E<B7 "47G;846DH<F<G<BAB9-.4A474B66HEE874FB9$4AH4EL  G;8B@C4ALSF6BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8
FG4G8@8AG9BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E JBH?7;4I8<A6?H787E8I8AH8B9 4A7A8G?BFFB9  <A6?HF<I8B9CE8
46DH<F<G<BA E8I8AH8 B9    4A7 A8G ?BFF B9    #A 78G8E@<A<A: G;8F8 4@BHAGF  @4A4:8@8AG ;4F 4FFH@87 G;4G G;8 94<E
I4?H847=HFG@8AGF 78G8E@<A87CEBI<F<BA4??L G;4G4EBF8BAG;846DH<F<G<BA74G8 JBH?7;4I8588AG;8F4@8<9G;8-.4A474
6DH<F<G<BA;47B66HEE87BA$4AH4EL  .;8CE8 46DH<F<G<BAE8FH?GF<A6?H78GE4AF46G<BA8KC8AF8F5BEA85L-.4A474
CE<BEGB58<A:46DH<E875LG;8B@C4AL 
+)* %#
)A $HA8     G;8 B@C4AL 6B@C?8G87 G;8 46DH<F<G<BA B9 .E478F<:A4? 9BE X     FH5=86G GB JBE><A: 64C<G4?
47=HFG@8AGF .;846DH<F<G<BA;4F588A466BHAG879BE4F45HF<A8FF6B@5<A4G<BAJ<G;G;8B@C4AL6BAFB?<74G<A:B9G;8
E8FH?GF B9 .E478F<:A4?F BC8E4G<BAF 4A7 <GF 4FF8GF 4A7 ?<45<?<G<8F 9EB@ G;8 74G8 B9 46DH<F<G<BA  .;8 4??B64G<BA B9 G;8 CHE6;4F8
CE<68J<??589<A4?<M87J<G;<AGJ8?I8@BAG;F9B??BJ<A:G;846DH<F<G<BA74G8 .;8B@C4AL8FG<@4G8FG;4GG;8@4=BE<GLB9G;8
CHE6;4F8CE<68E8?4G8FGB:BB7J<??4A7<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF .E478F<:A4?<F<A6?H787<AG;8!?B54?-B?HG<BAF #AF<:;GFA4?LG<6F
BC8E4G<A:F8:@8AG HA78E.E4LCBEGABG8 
 BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4AL<A6HEE87 <A46DH<F<G<BA4A7E8?4G876BFGF A<? .;8F86BFGF
4E8<A6?H787<A-8??<A: :8A8E4?4A747@<A<FGE4G<BA<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AGF
)A$H?L  .E478F<:A4?J4FE8A4@87.E4LCBEG!8E@4AL!@5"

%&+L)-%,

,8I8AH8<FE86B:A<M87J;8AC8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAF;4I8588AF4G<F9<87 .;8<78AG<9<64G<BAB9C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAF4A7
G;878G8E@<A4G<BAB9G;8G<@<A:B9J;8AC8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAF4E8F4G<F9<87 8<G;8E4G4CB<AG<AG<@8BEBI8EG<@8 E8DH<E8
=H7:8@8AG 


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report       114 TMX Group Limited                                                    
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

-H5FG4AG<4??L 4?? B9 G;8 B@C4ALF E8I8AH8F 4E8 6BAF<78E87 GB 58 E8I8AH8F 9EB@ 6BAGE46GF J<G; 6HFGB@8EF  .;8 E8?4G87
466BHAGFE868<I45?854?4A68F4E8E86BE787<AG;854?4A68F;88GF4FGE478E868<I45?8F4A7:8A8E4??L;4I8G8E@FB974LF .;8
@4=BE<GLB97898EE87E8I8AH8E8CE8F8AGF6BAGE46G?<45<?<G<8FE8?4G87GB?<FG<A:988FABG8
.;8 @4=BE<GL B9 G;8 B@C4ALF 6BAGE46GF 4E8 F;BEGQG8E@ <A A4GHE8 4A7 G;8E89BE8 G;8 B@C4AL ;4F 8?86G87 GB 4CC?L G;8
CE46G<64? 8KC87<8AG GB ABG 7<F6?BF8 G;8 E8@4<A<A: C8E9BE@4A68 B5?<:4G<BAF <A 6BAGE46GF J<G; 4A 8KC86G87 7HE4G<BA B9 
@BAG;FBE?8FF BAGE46GFG;4G;4I84A8KC86G877HE4G<BAB9@BAG;FBE?BA:8E4E8E86B:A<M87BA4A4FQ<AIB<68754F<F4A7
G;8 B@C4AL ;4F 6;BF8A GB 4CC?L G;8 CE46G<64? 8KC87<8AG GB ABG 7<F6?BF8 E8I8AH8 E8?4G87 GB G;8 E8@4<A<A: C8E9BE@4A68
B5?<:4G<BAF<AG;8F86BAGE46GF .;8F86BAGE46GF4?FB<A6?H78I4E<45?86BAF<78E4G<BAE8?4G87GBHF4:8G;4G4E86BAFGE4<A874A7
ABG<A6?H787<AG;8GE4AF46G<BACE<684A7G;HFABG<A6?H787<AG;8E8@4<A<A:C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BA7<F6?BFHE8 
.;8 B@C4ALF CE<@4EL 6BAGE46GF 9EB@ 6HFGB@8EF 4E8 7<F4::E8:4G87 5L @4=BE CEB7H6GF 4A7 F8EI<68 ?<A8F 58?BJ  4A7
64G8:BE<M875LBC8E4G<A:F8:@8AGF4F<78AG<9<874A77<F6?BF87<AABG8

                                                                                                          @CE96J62C6?565646>36C
 =@32=*@=FE:@?D  ?D:89ED?2=JE:4D                                                                                            
 .E4LCBEG                                                                                                                     
 -H5F6E<58EF4A7HF4:8                                                                                                            
 )G;8E!-#                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                               
 2A:E2=@C>2E:@?
 #A<G<4??<FG<A:988F                                                                                                             
 77<G<BA4??<FG<A:988F                                                                                                          
 -HFG4<A<A:988F                                                                                                                   
 )G;8E<FFH8EF8EI<68F                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                               

 6C:G2E:G6D+C25:?8=62C:?8                                                                                                

 BF:E:6D2?5:I65 ?4@>6+C25:?8=62C:?8
 DH<G<8F4A79<K87<A6B@8GE47<A:                                                                                             
 DH<G<8F4A79<K87<A6B@86?84E<A: F8GG?8@8AG 78CBF<GBEL4A7BG;8EF8EI<68F-                                              
                                                                                                                               


 +@E2=)6G6?F6                                                                                                                

!&)&-)&/.#)(- #(-#!".-((&3.#-
!?B54? FB?HG<BAF  <AF<:;GF 4A7 4A4?LG<6F !-# E8I8AH8 <A6?H78F E84? G<@8 74G4  BG;8E @4E>8G 74G4 CEB7H6GF  74G4 78?<I8EL
FB?HG<BAF4A7G86;AB?B:LFB?HG<BAF
,84?G<@8@4E>8G74G4E8I8AH8<FE86B:A<M874GG;8CB<AG<AG<@8G;8C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BA<FF4G<F9<87 54F87BA8FG<@4G87
HF4:8 4F E8CBEG87 5L 6HFGB@8EF 4A7 I8A7BEF  .;8 B@C4AL 6BA7H6GF C8E<B7<6 4H7<GF B9 G;8 <A9BE@4G<BA CEBI<787 GB
78G8E@<A84AL47=HFG@8AGFGB8FG<@4G87E8I8AH8 "BJ8I8E G;84@BHAGFBJ<A:9EB@G;84H7<GF64AABG588FG<@4G874FG;8L
4E878C8A78AGBA946GBEFBHGF<78B9G;8B@C4ALF6BAGEB? 4A7G;8E8FH?GFB9846;4H7<G;4I8?<@<G87CE87<6G<I8I4?H89BE
9HGHE84H7<GF
.E4LCBEGE8I8AH8<A6?H78FFH5F6E<58E988F J;<6;4E8C4<7BA4@BAG;?L54F<F9BE4668FFGBG;8C?4G9BE@ -H5F6E<58EE8I8AH8<F
E86B:A<M87BI8EG<@84FG;8C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BA<FF4G<F9<87
*8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAF9BEBG;8E:?B54?FB?HG<BAF <AF<:;GF4A74A4?LG<6F6BAGE46GF4E8F4G<F9<87 4A7E8I8AH8<FE86B:A<M87 
J;8AG;8F8EI<68F4E8CEBI<787
*#.& ),'.#)(
4C<G4?9BE@4G<BAE8I8AH8<A6?H78FE8I8AH89EB@?<FG<A:FF8EI<68F4A7BG;8E<FFH8EF8EI<68F &<FG<A:FF8EI<68FE8I8AH8<A6?H78F
E8I8AH8:8A8E4G879EB@<A<G<4??<FG<A:F 477<G<BA4??<FG<A:F4A7FHFG4<A<A:F8EI<68F 



.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      115 TMX Group Limited                                                   
                                                                                        %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                      @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

,8I8AH89EB@A8J<FFH8EF<A6?H78G;8<A<G<4??<FG<A:9884A7G;89<EFG L84EFHFG4<A<A:988 .;8F8988F 8<G;8E5<??87HC9EBAGBE
J;8AG;8?<FG<A:B66HEF 6BAG4<A4F<A:?8C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BA 1;8AG;8<A<G<4?9886E84G8F4@4G8E<4?E<:;G <G<F7898EE87
4A7E86B:A<M87BI8E@BAG;F -HFG4<A<A:F8EI<68F9BEA8J<FFH8EF4E8E86B:A<M87BA4FGE4<:;G ?<A854F<FBI8EG;8E8@4<A78E
B9G;8L84E4FG;BF8F8EI<68F4E8CEBI<787 *8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAF9BE477<G<BA4??<FG<A:F4E8F4G<F9<874G4CB<AG<AG<@8 4A7
E8I8AH8<FE86B:A<M87J;8AG;8477<G<BA4??<FG<A:B66HEF J;<6;<F4?FBJ;8AG;8988<F5<??87 -HFG4<A<A:F8EI<68F9BE8K<FG<A:
<FFH8EF4E85<??877HE<A:G;89<EFGDH4EG8EB9G;8L84E4A7G;8E8?4G87C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BA<FF4G<F9<87BA4FGE4<:;G ?<A854F<F
BI8EG;8L84E 
)G;8E <FFH8E F8EI<68F <A6?H78 E8I8AH8 9EB@ E8:<FGE4E 4A7 GE4AF98E 4:8A6L F8EI<68F 4A7 6BECBE4G8 GEHFG F8EI<68F J;<6; <F
E86B:A<M874FG;8F8EI<68F4E8CEBI<787 '4E:<A<A6B@89EB@9HA7F;8?74A747@<A<FG8E87BA58;4?9B96?<8AGF<F4?FB<A6?H787
<ABG;8E<FFH8EF8EI<68FE8I8AH8 )G;8E<FFH8EF8EI<68F;4I8F8C4E4G8C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAFG;4G4E8F4G<F9<874G4CB<AG<A
G<@8 J;<6;<FJ;8AG;8F8EI<68F4E8CEBI<787GBG;86HFGB@8E
,#0.#0-.,#(!(&,#(!
8E<I4G<I8FGE47<A:4A76?84E<A:E8I8AH8<A6?H78FE8I8AH89EB@GE47<A:4A76?84E<A:46G<I<G<8F 
.E47<A:4A7E8?4G87E8I8AH8F9BE78E<I4G<I8F@4E>8GF6BAG4<ABA8C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAE8?4G87GBGE4788K86HG<BA J;<6;
@BFG?L B66HEF <AFG4AG4A8BHF?L  ,8I8AH8 <F E86B:A<M87 <A G;8 @BAG; <A J;<6; G;8 GE478F 4E8 8K86HG87 BE J;8A G;8 E8?4G87
F8EI<68F4E8CEBI<787 *8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAF4FFB6<4G87J<G;78E<I4G<I8F6?84E<A:4E8F4G<F9<87J<G;<A4F;BEGC8E<B7B9G<@8 
.E4788K86HG<BA4A7ABI4G<BAB66HE8<G;8E<AFG4AG4A8BHF?L BEJ<G;<A4F;BEGC8E<B7B9G<@8
,854G8F4E84??B64G874A7E86BE7874F4E87H6G<BA<AE8I8AH8<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG<AG;8C8E<B7GBJ;<6;
G;8LE8?4G8
F C4EG B9 <GF ,*) 6?84E<A: F8EI<68   84EAF <AG8E8FG <A6B@8 4A7 <A6HEF <AG8E8FG 8KC8AF8 BA 4?? ,*) GE4AF46G<BAF G;4G
6?84E G;EBH:;   .;8 <AG8E8FG <A6B@8 4A7 <AG8E8FG 8KC8AF8 4E8 8DH4? ;BJ8I8E 4F  7B8F ABG ;4I8 4 ?8:4? E<:;G GB
B99F8GG;8F84@BHAGF G;8L4E8E86B:A<M87F8C4E4G8?LBAG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG .;8<AG8E8FG<A6B@8<F84EA87 
4A7G;8<AG8E8FG8KC8AF8<A6HEE87 BI8EG;8G8E@B9G;8,*)4:E88@8AGF
+/#.#-( #2#()'.,#(!(&,#(!
DH<G<8F 4A7 9<K87 <A6B@8 GE47<A: 4A7 6?84E<A: E8I8AH8 <A6?H78F E8I8AH8 9EB@ 8DH<G<8F 4A7 9<K87 <A6B@8 GE47<A:  6?84E<A: 
F8GG?8@8AG 4A778CBF<GBELF8EI<68F
.E47<A:4A7E8?4G87E8I8AH8F9BE8DH<G<8F4A79<K87<A6B@86BAG4<ABA8C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAE8?4G87GBGE4788K86HG<BA 
J;<6; B66HEF <AFG4AG4A8BHF?L  ,8I8AH8 <F E86B:A<M87 <A G;8 @BAG; <A J;<6; G;8 GE478F 4E8 8K86HG87 BE J;8A G;8 E8?4G87
F8EI<68F4E8CEBI<787
,8I8AH8FE8?4G87GB8DH<G<8F4A79<K87<A6B@86?84E<A: F8GG?8@8AG4A778CBF<GBELF8EI<68F4E8E86B:A<M874F9B??BJF
V     ?84E<A:F8EI<68F<A6?H78G;8E8CBEG<A:4A76BA9<E@4G<BAB94??GE478GLC8FJ<G;<AG;8@H?G<?4G8E4?6?84E<A:4A7F8GG?8@8AG
      FLFG8@E898EE87GB4F-2 ?84E<A:F8EI<68F4?FB<A6?H78G;8A8GG<A:4A7ABI4G<BAB98K6;4A:8GE478FG;EBH:;-SF
      BAG<AHBHF (8G -8GG?8@8AG T(-U F8EI<68 CE<BE GB F8GG?8@8AG  .;8 B@C4AL ;4F <78AG<9<87 GJB C8E9BE@4A68
      B5?<:4G<BAF E8?4G87 GB 6?84E<A: 4A7 F8GG?8@8AG 4A7 4??B64G8F G;8 GE4AF46G<BA CE<68 BA G;8 54F<F B9 E8?4G<I8 FG4A7Q4?BA8
      F8??<A: CE<68F  .;8F8 4E8 :8A8E4??L F4G<F9<87 4G 4 CB<AG <A G<@8 4A7 E86B:A<M87 <A G;8 @BAG; <A J;<6; G;8 F8EI<68F 4E8
      CEBI<787 ?84E<A:F8EI<68F4A7G;8E8?4G87F8GG?8@8AGB66HEJ<G;<A4F;BEGC8E<B7B9G<@8 )G;8E6?84E<A:E8?4G87988F
      4E8E86B:A<M87J;8AF8EI<68F4E8C8E9BE@87
V     8CBF<GBEL 988F 4E8 6;4E:87 9BE 6HFGB7L B9 F86HE<G<8F  78CBF<GBEL E8?4G87 46G<I<G<8F 4A7 CEB68FF<A: B9 8AG<G?8@8AG 4A7
      6BECBE4G846G<BAF4A74E8E86B:A<M87J;8AG;8F8EI<68F4E8C8E9BE@87
V     /A78EG;8-E86B:A<G<BABE78EF:E4AG875LG;8)AG4E<B-86HE<G<8FB@@<FF<BAT)-U4A7G;8HGBE<GP78F@4E6;PF
      9<A4A6<8EF T' U  - <F E8DH<E87 GB F;4E8 4AL 4AAH4? E8I8AH8 <A6E84F8F BA 6?84E<A: 4A7 BG;8E 6BE8 - ?84E<A:
      F8EI<68F  4F 6B@C4E87 GB E8I8AH8F 9BE G;8 GJ8?I8 @BAG; C8E<B7 8A787 )6GB58E     BA 4  54F<F J<G;
      *4EG<6<C4AGF 8:<AA<A:$4AH4EL 4A7CE<BEGBH:HFG  -4?FBF;4E8FJ<G;*4EG<6<C4AGF BA454F<F 
      4AL 4AAH4? <A6E84F8F <A E8I8AH8 4CC?<645?8 GB G;8 (8J 3BE> &<A>8CBF<GBEL .EHFG B@C4AL <E86G &<A> &<DH<7<GL
      *E8@<H@ 9986G<I8H:HFG  4F4E8FH?GB9(8J3BE>&<A>9886;4A:8 G;8C4FFG;EBH:;?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL988F4E8AB
      ?BA:8E FH5=86G GB  E854G8  .;8F8 4@BHAGF 4E8 64?6H?4G87 4A7 E86BE787 BA 4 @BAG;?L 54F<F 4F 4 E87H6G<BA B9
      E8I8AH8 J;<6;E8FH?GF<AG;8E86B:A<G<BAB9E8I8AH84GG;84@BHAGGBJ;<6;G;8B@C4AL<F8AG<G?87
V     )A58;4?9B9*4EG<6<C4AGF -?84E<A:<A6HEF68EG4<A946<?<GL988F J;<6;4E8E8<@5HEF875LG;8*4EG<6<C4AGF -<A68-
      46GF 4F G;8 CE<A6<C4?  B99F8GG<A: E8I8AH8 4A7 8KC8AF8 4@BHAGF E8?4G87 GB G;8F8 946<?<GL 988F 4E8 E86B:A<M87 HCBA
      F4G<F946G<BAB9C8E9BE@4A68B5?<:4G<BAF


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report      116 TMX Group Limited                                                    
                                                                                    %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                  @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

V    .;8B@C4ALE86BE7F4A8DH4?4@BHAGB9<AG8E8FG<A6B@84A7<AG8E8FG8KC8AF8BA*4EG<6<C4AG64F;6B??4G8E4?54?4A68F 
     FG;8B@C4AL7B8FABG;4I84?8:4?E<:;GGBB99F8GG;8F84@BHAGF G;8L4E8E86B:A<M87F8C4E4G8?LBAG;86BAFB?<74G87
     <A6B@8FG4G8@8AG
V    ,854G8F 4E8 4??B64G87 4A7 E86BE787 4F 4 E87H6G<BA <A E8I8AH8 <A G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 <A6B@8 FG4G8@8AG <A G;8 C8E<B7 GB
     J;<6;G;8LE8?4G8 
%&+L*$%+ %&)$+ &%

.;8B@C4AL;4F9BHEBC8E4G<A:F8:@8AGF ABC8E4G<A:F8:@8AG<F46B@CBA8AGB9G;8B@C4ALG;4G8A:4:8F<A5HF<A8FF
46G<I<G<8F9EB@J;<6;<G@4L84EAE8I8AH8F4A7<A6HE8KC8AF8F <A6?H7<A:E8I8AH8F4A78KC8AF8FG;4GE8?4G8GBGE4AF46G<BAF
J<G;4ALB9G;8B@C4ALSFBG;8E6B@CBA8AGF4A79BEJ;<6;7<F6E8G89<A4A6<4?<A9BE@4G<BA<F4I4<?45?8 )C8E4G<A:F8:@8AGF
4E8E8CBEG87<A4@4AA8E6BAF<FG8AGJ<G;G;8<AG8EA4?E8CBEG<A:CEBI<787GBG;8;<89)C8E4G<A:86<F<BA'4>8ET)'U 
.;8 )'  J;B <F E8FCBAF<5?8 9BE 4??B64G<A: E8FBHE68F 4A7 4FF8FF<A: C8E9BE@4A68 B9 G;8 BC8E4G<A: F8:@8AGF  ;4F 588A
<78AG<9<874FG;8;<89K86HG<I8)99<68E 
 %&)$+ &%&,+)'&)+#*$%+*
.;8B@C4AL;4F9BHEE8CBEG45?8F8:@8AGF
V   =@32=*@=FE:@?D  ?D:89ED?2=JE:4D1878?<I8E8DH<G<8F74G4 <A78K74G44FJ8??4F<AG8:E4G8774G4F8GFGB9H8?;<:;
    I4?H8 CEBCE<8G4EL 4A7 G;<E7 C4EGL 4A4?LG<6F J;<6; ;8?C 6?<8AGF @4>8 58GG8E GE47<A: 4A7 <AI8FG@8AG 786<F<BAF  18 4?FB
    CEBI<78 FB?HG<BAF GB HEBC84A 4A7 :?B54? J;B?8F4?8 8A8E:L @4E>8GF 9BE CE<68 7<F6BI8EL  GE478 8K86HG<BA  CBFG GE478
    GE4AFC4E8A6L 4A7 FGE4<:;G G;EBH:; CEB68FF<A:  .;8 B@C4ALF BC8E4G<BAF <A6?H787 <A G;8 !?B54? -B?HG<BAF  #AF<:;GF 
    A4?LG<6FF8:@8AG4E8.'24G4?<AK B &B64G<BA 4A7.E4LCBEG 
V   2A:E2=@C>2E:@?)HE8K6;4A:8F4E8<AG8:E4?GBG;8899<6<8AGBC8E4G<BAB9G;864C<G4?@4E>8GF 186BAG<AH4??LFHCCBEG
    G;864C<G4?@4E>8GF6B@@HA<GL5LCEBI<7<A:6B@C4A<8FB94??GLC8F4A74G4??FG4:8FB978I8?BC@8AGJ<G;4668FFGB8DH<GL
    64C<G4?  J;<?8 4?FB CEBI<7<A: @4E>8G BI8EF<:;G GB 8AFHE8 @4E>8G <AG8:E<GL  .;8 B@C4ALF BC8E4G<BAF <A6?H787 <A G;8
    4C<G4? BE@4G<BAF8:@8AG4E8.BEBAGB-GB6>K6;4A:8 4A4G<BA4?FGB6>8K6;4A:8F8EI<A:G;8F8A<BE8DH<G<8F@4E>8G
    .-208AGHE8K6;4A:8 4A4G<BA4?FGB6>8K6;4A:8F8EI<A:G;8CH5?<6I8AGHE88DH<GL@4E>8G 4A7.-2.EHFG 4CEBI<78EB9
    6BECBE4G8GEHFG E8:<FGE4E GE4AF98E4:8A6L4A79BE8<:A8K6;4A:8F8EI<68F
V   6C:G2E:G6D+C25:?8=62C:?8184E84668?8E4G<A:A8JCEB7H6G6E84G<BA4A7?8I8E4:8BHEHA<DH8@4E>8GCBF<G<BAGB
    58A89<G9EB@<A6E84F<A:78@4A79BE78E<I4G<I8FCEB7H6GF5BG;<A4A4744A7:?B54??L .;8B@C4ALFBC8E4G<BAF<A6?H787
    <AG;88E<I4G<I8F.E47<A:4A7?84E<A:F8:@8AG4E8'BAGEP4?K6;4A:8 4A4G<BA4?78E<I4G<I8F8K6;4A:84A74A47<4A
    8E<I4G<I8F?84E<A:BECBE4G<BA 46?84E<A:;BHF89BEBCG<BAF4A79HGHE8F6BAGE46GF4A768EG4<ABI8E G;8 6BHAG8E
    CEB7H6GF4A79<K87<A6B@8E8CHE6;4F84:E88@8AGF 
V   BF:E:6D2?5:I65 ?4@>6+C25:?8=62C:?818BC8E4G894<E4A7GE4AFC4E8AG@4E>8GF J<G;<AABI4G<I8 899<6<8AG 4A7
    E8?<45?8C?4G9BE@F9BE8DH<G<8F4A79<K87<A6B@8GE47<A:4A76?84E<A: .;8B@C4ALFBC8E4G<BAF<A6?H787<AG;8DH<G<8F
    4A7 <K87 #A6B@8 .E47<A:  ?84E<A: F8:@8AG 4E8 G;8 GE47<A: BC8E4G<BAF B9 .BEBAGB -GB6> K6;4A:8  .-2 08AGHE8
    K6;4A:8 4A7.-2?C;4K6;4A:8-?84E<A:4A78CBF<GBEL-8EI<68F#A6 -?84E<A: 4A4HGB@4G87946<?<GL9BE
    G;86?84E<A:4A7F8GG?8@8AGB98DH<G<8F4A79<K87<A6B@8GE4AF46G<BAF4A76HFGB7LB9F86HE<G<8F<A4A4744A7-;BE64A
    EB>8EF&<@<G87 49<K87<A6B@8<AG8E 784?8E5EB>8E
.;8B@C4AL;4F68EG4<AE8I8AH84A76BECBE4G86BFGFABG4??B64G87GBG;8BC8E4G<A:F8:@8AGF ,8I8AH8E8?4G87GB9BE8<:A
8K6;4A:8 :4<AF 4A7 ?BFF8F 4A7 BG;8E F8EI<68F 4E8 CE8F8AG87 <A G;8 BG;8E F8:@8AG  BFGF 4A7 8KC8AF8F E8?4G87 GB G;8
4@BEG<M4G<BAB9CHE6;4F87<AG4A:<5?8F 4?BA:J<G;68EG4<A6BAFB?<74G<BA4A78?<@<A4G<BA47=HFG@8AGF 4E84?FBCE8F8AG87<AG;8
BG;8EF8:@8AG 
#A9BE@4G<BAE8?4G87GB846;E8CBEG45?8F8:@8AG<F4F9B??BJF




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                          2021 Annual Report     117 TMX Group Limited                                                 
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

 @CE96J62C6?565                                                                                                               646>36C  
                                                  =@32=                                       BF:E:6D2?5
                                               *@=FE:@?D                     6C:G2E:G6D     :I65 ?4@>6
                                               ?D:89ED        2A:E2=       +C25:?8          +C25:?8
                                               ?2=JE:4D      @C>2E:@?          =62C:?8            =62C:?8        &E96C                      +@E2=

 )6G6?F66IE6C?2=                                                                       M                    
  ?E6C D68>6?EC6G6?F6                                                         M                                               M
 +@E2=C6G6?F6                                                                                             


  ?4@>67C@>@A6C2E:@?D                                                                                   


 *6=64E65:E6>D
    6AC64:2E:@?2?52>@CE:K2E:@?                                                                                      

  BEG;8L84E8A787                                                                                                               868@58E 
                                                    !?B54?                                       DH<G<8F4A7
                                                 -B?HG<BAF                      8E<I4G<I8F     <K87#A6B@8
                                                #AF<:;GF        4C<G4?       .E47<A:         .E47<A:
                                                 A4?LG<6F       BE@4G<BA          ?84E<A:           ?84E<A:         )G;8E                    .BG4?

 ,8I8AH88KG8EA4?                                                                         R                  
 #AG8E F8:@8AGE8I8AH8                                                         R                                             R
 .BG4?E8I8AH8                                                                                             



 #A6B@89EB@BC8E4G<BAF                                                                                    

 -8?86G87<G8@F
   8CE86<4G<BA4A74@BEG<M4G<BA                                                                                     

.;8 )' 4FF8FF8F G;8 C8E9BE@4A68 B9 G;8 BC8E4G<A: F8:@8AGF 54F87 BA <A6B@8 9EB@ BC8E4G<BAF  J;<6; <F ABG 4 G8E@
789<A87J<G;<A# ,- .;<F@84FHE8B9CEB9<G8K6?H78FF;4E8B9<A6B@89EB@8DH<GL466BHAG87<AI8FG88F <@C4<E@8AG6;4E:8F 
4A7BG;8E6BFGF4A78KC8AF8FG;4GE8?4G8GB<A7<I<7H4?8I8AGFB94A<A9E8DH8AGA4GHE8 
#A6B@89EB@BC8E4G<BAF<F4A<@CBEG4AG<A7<64GBEB9G;8B@C4ALF45<?<GLGB:8A8E4G8?<DH<7<GLG;EBH:;BC8E4G<A:64F;9?BJ
GB 9HA7 9HGHE8 JBE><A: 64C<G4? A887F  F8EI<68 BHGFG4A7<A: 785GF  4A7 9HA7 9HGHE8 64C<G4? 8KC8A7<GHE8F  #@C4<E@8AG 6;4E:8F
<A6?H78F<@C4<E@8AG B9:BB7J<??4A7<AG4A:<5?8FBE<:<A4G<A:9EB@46DH<F<G<BAF4A7<FABG6BAF<78E874ABC8E4G<A:<G8@ .;8
<AG8AGB9G;<FC8E9BE@4A68@84FHE8<FGBCEBI<78477<G<BA4?HF89H?<A9BE@4G<BAGB<AI8FGBEF4A74A4?LFGF;BJ8I8E <GF;BH?7
ABG586BAF<78E87<A<FB?4G<BA 
 %&)$+ &%&,+&)' #)*
.;8B@C4ALSFE8I8AH85L:8B:E4C;L<F4F9B??BJF
 @CE96J62C6?565                                                                             646>36C                     868@58E 
 4A474                                                                                                                                 
 /-                                                                                                                                       
 /%                                                                                                                                         
 !8E@4AL                                                                                                                                    
 )G;8E6BHAGE<8F                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                         

,8I8AH8<F4??B64G8754F87BAG;86BHAGELGBJ;<6;6HFGB@8E<AIB<68F4E8477E8FF87
(BF<A:?86HFGB@8E:8A8E4G8FE8I8AH8F:E84G8EG;4AG8AC8E68AGB9G;8B@C4ALFGBG4?E8I8AH8F




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                              2021 Annual Report      118 TMX Group Limited                                                             
                                                                                 %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                               @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

.;8B@C4ALSFABA 6HEE8AG4FF8GF5L:8B:E4C;L<F4F9B??BJF
 D2E                                                                               646>36C                     868@58E 
 4A474                                                                                                                    
 /%                                                                                                                             
 /-                                                                                                                               
 )G;8E6BHAGE<8F                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                           

(BA 6HEE8AG 4FF8GF 45BI8 4E8 CE<@4E<?L 6B@CE<F87 B9 :BB7J<?? 4A7 <AG4A:<5?8 4FF8GF  <AI8FG@8AGF <A 8DH<GL 466BHAG87
<AI8FG88F E<:;G B9 HF84FF8GF4A7BG;8E4FF8GF4A78K6?H78F5BG;466EH878@C?BL8858A89<G4FF8GF4A77898EE87<A6B@8G4K
4FF8GF

%&+L %% %&$% %%&*+*

 <A4A68<A6B@86B@CE<F8F<AG8E8FG<A6B@8BA9HA7F<AI8FG874A76;4A:8F<AG;894<EI4?H8B9@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F  <A4A68
6BFGF6B@CE<F8<AG8E8FG8KC8AF8BA5BEEBJ<A:F4A7?84F8?<45<?<G<8F
(8G9<A4A686BFGF9BEG;8L84E<F4F9B??BJF
 @CE96J62C6?565                                                                             646>36C          868@58E 

 :?2?46:?4@>6
 #AG8E8FG<A6B@8BA9HA7F<AI8FG87                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                   
 :?2?464@DED
 #AG8E8FG8KC8AF8BA5BEEBJ<A:F <A6?H7<A:9BE8<:A8K6;4A:84A7
 4@BEG<M4G<BAB99<A4A6<A:988FABG8                                                                                
 #AG8E8FG8KC8AF8BA?84F8?<45<?<G<8FABG8                                                                                
 )G;8E8KC8AF8F                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                              
 %6E7:?2?464@DED                                                                                                          



%&+L)% %*')*)

4F<6 84EA<A:F C8E F;4E8 <F 78G8E@<A87 5L 7<I<7<A: A8G <A6B@8 5L G;8 J8<:;G87 4I8E4:8 AH@58E B9 6B@@BA F;4E8F
BHGFG4A7<A:7HE<A:G;8E8CBEG<A:C8E<B7 <?HG8784EA<A:FC8EF;4E8<F78G8E@<A875L7<I<7<A:G;8A8G<A6B@85LG;8J8<:;G87
4I8E4:8AH@58EB96B@@BAF;4E8FBHGFG4A7<A:7HE<A:G;8E8CBEG<A:C8E<B7 47=HFG879BEG;889986GFB94??CBG8AG<4?7<?HG<I8
6B@@BAF;4E8F4E<F<A:9EB@F;4E8BCG<BAF:E4AG87GB8@C?BL88F
4F<64A77<?HG8784EA<A:FC8EF;4E89BEG;8C8E<B74E84F9B??BJF

 @CE96J62C6?565                                                                             646>36C          868@58E 

 %6E:?4@>6                                                                                                                  

 18<:;G874I8E4:8AH@58EB96B@@BAF;4E8FBHGFG4A7<A:Q54F<6                                                            
 9986GB97<?HG<I8F;4E8BCG<BAF                                                                                         
 18<:;G874I8E4:8AH@58EB96B@@BAF;4E8FBHGFG4A7<A:Q7<?HG87                                                         

 2D:462C?:?8DA6CD92C6                                                                                                       
 :=FE6562C?:?8DA6CD92C6                                                                                                    




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                              2021 Annual Report   119 TMX Group Limited                                                     
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

%&+L %&$+/*

 %&$+//'%*)&% 1 %+&%*&# + %&$*++$%+
#A6B@8G4K8KC8AF86B@CE<F8F6HEE8AG4A77898EE87<A6B@8G4K #A6B@8G4K8KC8AF8<FE86B:A<M87<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8
FG4G8@8AG8K68CGGBG;88KG8AGG;4G<GE8?4G8FGB<G8@FE86B:A<M877<E86G?L<A8DH<GLBE<ABG;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@8
#A6B@8G4K8KC8AF8E86B:A<M87<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG9BEG;8C8E<B7<F4F9B??BJF

 @CE96J62C6?565                                                                               646>36C   868@58E 

 FCC6?E:?4@>6E2I6IA6?D6
 #A6B@8G4K9BEG;86HEE8AGC8E<B7                                                                                            
 7=HFG@8AGF<AE8FC86GB9CE<BEL84EF                                                                                            

 676CC65:?4@>6E2I6IA6?D6
 )E<:<A4G<BA4A7E8I8EF4?B9G8@CBE4EL7<998E8A68F                                                                               
 7=HFG@8AGF<AE8FC86GB9CE<BEL84EF                                                                                            
 ;4A:8F<AFH5FG4AG<I8?L8A46G87<A6B@8G4KE4G8F                                                                                 
 *E8I<BHF?LHAE86B:A<M87G4K?BFF8FB94CE<BEC8E<B7                                                                             R
 +@E2=:?4@>6E2I6IA6?D6                                                                                                      

HEE8AG <A6B@8 G4K <F G;8 8KC86G87 <A6B@8 G4K C4L45?8 BE E868<I45?8 BA G;8 G4K45?8 <A6B@8 BE ?BFF 9BE G;8 C8E<B7 HF<A:
<A6B@8G4KE4G8F8A46G87BEFH5FG4AG<I8?L8A46G874GG;8E8CBEG<A:74G8<AG;86BHAGE<8FJ;8E8G;8B@C4ALBC8E4G8F4A7
4AL47=HFG@8AGFGB<A6B@8G4KC4L45?8<AE8FC86GB9CE8I<BHFL84EF
.;8B@C4AL@4<AG4<AFCEBI<F<BAF9BEHA68EG4<AG4KCBF<G<BAFG;4G<G58?<8I8F4CCEBCE<4G8?LE89?86GG;8E<F>B9G;8G4KCBF<G<BAF
4A7 G;8 CEB545<?<GL B9 4668CG4A68 B9 G;8 G4K GE84G@8AG 5L G;8 E8?8I4AG 4HG;BE<G<8F  /A68EG4<A <A6B@8 G4K CBF<G<BAF 4E8
E86B:A<M87<AG;89<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGFHF<A:@4A4:8@8AGSF58FG8FG<@4G8B9G;84@BHAG8KC86G87GB58C4<7 
898EE87<A6B@8G4K<FE86B:A<M87<AE8FC86GB968EG4<AG8@CBE4EL7<998E8A68F58GJ88AG;864EEL<A:4@BHAGFB94FF8GF4A7
?<45<?<G<8F9BE9<A4A6<4?E8CBEG<A:CHECBF8F4A7G;84@BHAGFHF879BEG4K4G<BACHECBF8F 898EE87<A6B@8G4K<F@84FHE874G
G;8 <A6B@8 G4K E4G8F G;4G 4E8 8KC86G87 GB 58 4CC?<87 GB G8@CBE4EL 7<998E8A68F J;8A G;8L E8I8EF8  54F87 BA G;8 ?4JF G;4G
;4I8588A8A46G87BEFH5FG4AG<I8?L8A46G874GG;8E8CBEG<A:74G8 
#A6B@8 G4K 8KC8AF8 4GGE<5HG45?8 GB <A6B@8 7<998EF 9EB@ G;8 4@BHAGF 6B@CHG87 5L 4CC?L<A: G;8 6B@5<A87 9878E4? 4A7
CEBI<A6<4?<A6B@8G4KE4G8B9 Q GB<A6B@8589BE8<A6B@8G4K8F4F4E8FH?GB9G;89B??BJ<A:

 @CE96J62C6?565                                                                              646>36C        868@58E 
 ?4@>6367@C6:?4@>6E2I6IA6?D6                                                                                              

 B@CHG878KC86G87<A6B@8G4K8KC8AF8                                                                                          
 (BA 787H6G<5?88KC8AF8F                                                                                                             
 ,4G87<998E8AG<4?7H8GBI4E<BHF=HE<F7<6G<BAF                                                                                  
 7=HFG@8AGF<AE8FC86GB9CE<BEL84EF                                                                                           
 ;4A:8F<AFH5FG4AG<I8?L8A46G87<A6B@8G4KE4G8F                                                                                 
 -.4A47446DH<F<G<BA6BFGFABG8                                                                                               
 -;4E8B9A8G<A6B@89EB@8DH<GL466BHAG87<AI8FG88F                                                                                
 *E8I<BHF?LHAE86B:A<M87G4K?BFF8FB94CE<BEC8E<B7                                                                             R
 )G;8E                                                                                                                              
  ?4@>6E2I6IA6?D6                                                                                                            

HE<A: G;8 L84E 8A787 868@58E     G;8 /% 6BECBE4G8 <A6B@8 G4K E4G8 <A6E84F8 9EB@  GB  89986G<I8 CE<?  
J4FFH5FG4AG<I8?L8A46G87 (8G7898EE87<A6B@8G4K?<45<?<G<8FJ8E8<A6E84F875L 4F4E8FH?G J<G;46BEE8FCBA7<A:
<A6E84F8<A7898EE87<A6B@8G4K8KC8AF8B9 
HE<A:G;8L84E8A787868@58E  <GJ4FFH5FG4AG<I8?L8A46G87G;4GG;8CE8I<BHF?L8KC86G87/%6BECBE4G8<A6B@8
G4K E4G8 786E84F8 9EB@  GB  GB 58 89986G<I8 CE<?    JBH?7 ABG B66HE  F 4 E8FH?G  A8G 7898EE87 <A6B@8 G4K
?<45<?<G<8F<A6E84F875L  J<G;46BEE8FCBA7<A:<A6E84F8<A7898EE87<A6B@8G4K8KC8AF8B9  


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report     120 TMX Group Limited                                                  
                                                                                                          %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                                        @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

)) %&$+/**+*%#  # + *
.;8B@C4ALE86B:A<M8F47898EE87<A6B@8G4K4FF8GBA?LGBG;88KG8AGG;4G<G<FCEB545?8G;4G9HGHE8G4K45?8<A6B@8J<??58
4I4<?45?84:4<AFGJ;<6;<G64A58HG<?<M87 898EE87<A6B@8G4K4FF8GF4E8E8I<8J874G846;E8CBEG<A:74G84A74E8E87H687GB
G;88KG8AGG;4G<G<FAB?BA:8ECEB545?8G;4GG;8E8?4G87G4K58A89<GJ<??58E84?<M87 
898EE87<A6B@8G4K4FF8GF?<45<?<G<8F4FB9868@58E4E84GGE<5HG45?8GBG;89B??BJ<A:

                                                                                  DD6ED                                 #:23:=:E:6D                                %6E
                                                                                                                                                  
 *E8@<F8F4A78DH<C@8AG                                                                                                                
 H@H?4G<I88?<:<5?864C<G4?<AG4A:<5?8
 4FF8GF                                                                                                                          
 .4K?BFF64EEL 9BEJ4E7F                                                                        M                  R                             
 @C?BL889HGHE858A89<GF                                                                                                                    
 -;4E8 54F87C4L@8AGF                                                                            M                  R                              
 )G;8E                                                                                                                                        
 676CC65:?4@>6E2I2DD6ED=:23:=:E:6D                                                                                  
 -8GB99B9G4K                                                                                                       M                   R
 %6E5676CC65:?4@>6E2I
 2DD6ED=:23:=:E:6D                                                                                                      

#A6B@8G4K4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F4E8B99F8G<AG;89<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF<9G;8E8<F4?8:4??L8A9BE6845?8E<:;GGBB99F8GG;8@4A7
G;8LE8?4G8GB<A6B@8G4K8F?8I<875LG;8F4@8G4K4G<BA4HG;BE<GLBAG;8F4@8G4K45?88AG<GL BEBA7<998E8AGG4K45?88AG<G<8F
5HG G;8 B@C4AL <AG8A7F GB F8GG?8 G;8@ BA 4 A8G 54F<F BE J;8E8 G;8 <A6B@8 G4K 4FF8GF 4A7 ?<45<?<G<8F J<?? 58 E84?<M87
F<@H?G4A8BHF?L
'BI8@8AGF<AG;87898EE87<A6B@8G4K54?4A68F<AG;8L84E4E84F9B??BJF

                                                                                     F>F=2E:G6                         >A=@J66
                                                            'C6>:D6D2?5       6=:8:3=642A:E2=  +2I=@DD42CCJ           7FEFC6 *92C6 32D65
                                                              6BF:A>6?E        :?E2?8:3=62DD6ED        7@CH2C5D          36?67:ED    A2J>6?ED        &E96C         +@E2=
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                                                 
    ,86B:A<M87<AA8G<A6B@8                                                                                                       
    ,86B:A<M87G;EBH:;46DH<F<G<BAB90<FB.86;                       R                                 R              R         R         R          
    ,86B:A<M87<ABG;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8?BFF                           R                      R              R                      R         R           
    9986GB9@BI8@8AGF<A8K6;4A:8E4G8F                            R                                            R         R                  
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                                                         
    )64@8?:K65:??6E:?4@>6                                                                                                          
    )64@8?:K65E9C@F8924BF:D:E:@?@7*+2?252                                                                M         M                  
    )64@8?:K65:?@E96C4@>AC696?D:G6:?4@>6                         M                      M              M                     M         M          
    7764E@7>@G6>6?ED:?6I492?86C2E6D                            M                                   M              M         M                  
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                                 

F4G868@58E   4A7 B9G;845BI87898EE87<A6B@8G4K4FF8GFE8?4G87GBG4K?BFF8F4A76E87<GF<A6HEE87<A
4A4744A7G;8/- E8FC86G<I8?LQ 4A7  E8FC86G<I8?L ,86BI8E45<?<GLB9G;8F84FF8GF<F78C8A78AGHCBAG;8
4I4<?45<?<GLB99HGHE8G4K45?8CEB9<GFJ<G;<AG;8F8?8:4?8AG<G<8F .;8B@C4AL58?<8I8FG;4GG;8F8?BFF8FJ<??58E86BI8E45?8
898EE87<A6B@8G4K4FF8GF;4I8ABG588AE86B:A<M87<AE8FC86GB9G;89B??BJ<A:G8@CBE4EL7<998E8A68F

 D2E                                                                                                          646>36C                    868@58E 
 .4K?BFF8F                                                                                                                                               
 )G;8E787H6G<5?8G8@CBE4EL7<998E8A68F                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                      

G868@58E   Q B9G;845BI8<A6B@8G4K?BFF8FJ<??8KC<E85LJ<G;G;8E8@4<A78EABGFH5=86G
GB 8KC<EL  898EE87 <A6B@8 G4K 4FF8GF ;4I8 ABG 588A E86B:A<M87 <A E8FC86G B9 G;8F8 <G8@F 4F <G <F ABG CEB545?8 G;4G 9HGHE8
G4K45?8CEB9<GJ<??584I4<?45?84:4<AFGJ;<6;G;8B@C4AL64AHG<?<M8G;8G4K?BFF8F .;8B@C4ALJ<??;BJ8I8E6BAG<AH8GB
CHEFH8G4KC?4AA<A:FGE4G8:<8FGBHG<?<M8G;8G4K?BFF8FJ;8E8CBFF<5?8


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                                     2021 Annual Report            121 TMX Group Limited                                                                   
                                                                                        %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                      @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

G868@58E  7898EE87<A6B@8G4K?<45<?<G<8F9BEG8@CBE4EL7<998E8A68FB9   E8?4G<A:GB<AI8FG@8AGF
<A 68EG4<A 9BE8<:A FH5F<7<4E<8F J8E8 ABG E86B:A<M87 4F G;8 B@C4AL <F 45?8 GB 6BAGEB? G;8 G<@<A: B9 G;8 E8I8EF4? B9 G;8
G8@CBE4EL7<998E8A68F4A7<G<FCEB545?8G;4GG;8G8@CBE4EL7<998E8A68FJ<??ABGE8I8EF8<AG;89BE8F8845?89HGHE8 .8@CBE4EL
7<998E8A68F E8?4G<A: GB G;8 E8@4<A<A: 7B@8FG<6 FH5F<7<4E<8F ;4I8 ABG 588A E86B:A<M87 4F G;8 G8@CBE4EL 7<998E8A68 64A 58
F8GG?87J<G;BHGG4K6BAF8DH8A68F

%&+L#%*&')+  '%+*%#) %$$)*

4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF4A7?84E<A:'8@58EFBAG;86BAFB?<74G8754?4A68F;88GF4E86B@CE<F87B9
 D2E                                                                                              646>36C          868@58E 
 4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF                                                                                                     
 4?4A68FB9?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                                    
 ?84E<A:'8@58EF64F;6B??4G8E4?                                                                                                
 2=2?46D@7'2CE:4:A2?ED2?5=62C:?8$6>36CD                                                                               

.;8E8<FABA8G<@C46GBAG;86BAFB?<74G87A8G4FF8GF4F4A8DH<I4?8AG4@BHAG<FE86B:A<M87<A5BG;4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F
*#) % *++#$%+%')+  '%+#%*
4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF<A6?H78FG;864F;6B??4G8E4?C?87:874A778CBF<G87J<G;-?84E<A:4A764F;7<I<78A7F <AG8E8FG4A7
BG;8E 64F; 7<FGE<5HG<BAF 4J4<G<A: 7<FGE<5HG<BA T8AG<G?8@8AGF 4A7 BG;8E 9HA7FU BA F86HE<G<8F ;8?7 HA78E 6HFGB7L <A G;8
78CBF<GBEL 4F;6B??4G8E4?<F;8?75L-?84E<A:4GG;84A>B94A474 J<G;6B@@8E6<4?54A>FJ<G;4@<A<@H@6E87<GE4G<A:
B9 , ?BJ BE 58GG8E  4A7 (4G<BA4? -86HE<G<8F ?84E<A: BECBE4G<BA T(-U8CBF<GBEL .EHFG B@C4AL T.U 4A7 <F
E86B:A<M874F4A4FF8G4A74A8DH<I4?8AG4A7B99F8GG<A:?<45<?<GL<FE86B:A<M874FG;8F84@BHAGF4E8H?G<@4G8?LBJ87GBG;8
*4EG<6<C4AGF
                                                                                                   646>36C           868@58E 
 AG<G?8@8AGF4A7BG;8E9HA7F                                                                                                      
 *4EG<6<C4AGF64F;6B??4G8E4?                                                                                                   
 2=2?46D@7'2CE:4:A2?ED                                                                                                     

HE<A:   G;8 <A6E84F8 <A 45BI8 C4EG<6<C4AGF 64F; 6B??4G8E4? <F 7E<I8A 5L *4EG<6<C4AGF GE47<A: @4E>8G 46G<I<GL E8DH<E<A:
*4EG<6<C4AGFGBCBFGFH5FG4AG<4??L@BE86B??4G8E4? 
.;8 @4E:<A 78CBF<GF B9 - ?84E<A: 4E8 ;8?7 <A ?<DH<7 <AFGEH@8AGF  - ?84E<A:F (8J 3BE> &<A> (3& F8EI<68 7B8F ABG
4CC?LFGE<6G?<@<GFGB4*4EG<6<C4AGF8A7 B9 74LC4L@8AGB5?<:4G<BA 6E84G<A:G;8CBG8AG<4?9BEHA?<@<G87?<DH<7<GLE<F>8KCBFHE8
<94HF8EB9G;8F8EI<68J8E8GB7894H?GBA<GFB5?<:4G<BA -?84E<A:@4A4:8FG;<FE<F>G;EBH:;46G<I8@BA<GBE<A:B9C4L@8AG
B5?<:4G<BAF4A746B@@<GG87?<DH<7<GL946<?<GLJ;<6;6BI8EFG;8I4FG@4=BE<GLB9CBG8AG<4?*4EG<6<C4AG7894H?GF68A4E<BF ,8F<7H4?
?<DH<7<GLE<F><A8K68FFB9-?84E<A:SF?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL<FGE4AF98EE87GBFHEI<I<A:*4EG<6<C4AGHF8EFB9G;8(3&F8EI<684A74F4
E8FH?G-?84E<A:SF?<DH<7<GLE<F>8KCBFHE8<F?<@<G87GB4@4K<@H@B9<GF4I4<?45?8?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL 
G 868@58E     4F 4 E8FH?G B9 64?6H?4G<BAF B9 *4EG<6<C4AGFS 8KCBFHE8  G;8 GBG4? 4@BHAG B9 6B??4G8E4? E8DH<E87 5L -
?84E<A:J4F  Q   .;846GH4?6B??4G8E4?C?87:87GB-?84E<A:4G868@58E<FFH@@4E<M8758?BJ
                                                                                                   646>36C           868@58E 

 4F;<A6?H787J<G;<A4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGFBAG;86BAFB?<74G8754?4A68F;88GF                                           
 .E84FHEL5<??F4A79<K87<A6B@8F86HE<G<8F                                                                                      
 +@E2=4@==2E6C2=A=65865                                                                                                    

.E84FHEL5<??F4A79<K87<A6B@8F86HE<G<8F6B??4G8E4?4E8ABG<A6?H787<AG;8B@C4ALSF6BAFB?<74G8754?4A68F;88GF
#) % *++#$%+%#) %$$)#%*
4?4A68FB9?84E<A:'8@58EF<A6?H78F54?4A68FB96?84E<A:@8@58EFB9T?84E<A:'8@58EFU4F9B??BJF
V    4<?LF8GG?8@8AGF7H89EB@ 4A7GB ?84E<A:'8@58EFQ.;8F854?4A68FE8FH?G9EB@@4E><A:BC8A9HGHE8FCBF<G<BAFGB
     @4E>8G4A7F8GG?<A:BCG<BAGE4AF46G<BAF846;74L .;8F84@BHAGF4E8E8DH<E87GB586B??86G879EB@4A7C4<7GB?84E<A:
     '8@58EFCE<BEGBG;86B@@8A68@8AGB9GE47<A:G;8A8KG74L .;8E8<FABA8G<@C46GBAG;86BAFB?<74G87A8G4FF8GF4F
     4A8DH<I4?8AG4@BHAG<FE86B:A<M87<A5BG;4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F 


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      122 TMX Group Limited                                                        
                                                                                          %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                        @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

     G 868@58E     G;8 :EBFF 4@BHAG B9 74<?L F8GG?8@8AGF 7H8 9EB@  4A7 GB  ?84E<A: '8@58EF J4F   4A7
        E8FC86G<I8?L  Q   4A7    .;8F8 54?4A68F 4E8 G;8A A8GG87 5L ?84E<A: '8@58E 4G G;8 54?4A68
     F;88G74G8 9BE64F;GB58C4<7BEE868<I87BA@4E> GB @4E>8GBA9HGHE8F BCG<BAFCE8@<H@4A764F;@4E:<AF;BEG4:8BE
     8K68FF
V    (8G4@BHAGFE868<I45?8C4L45?8BABC8A,*)4:E88@8AGFQ).,*)4:E88@8AGF58GJ88A5HL<A:4A7F8??<A:?84E<A:
     '8@58EF4E8ABI4G87GBJ;8E85LG;8E<:;GF4A7B5?<:4G<BAFB9G;8?84E<A:'8@58EFHA78EG;8,*)4:E88@8AGF
     4E8 64A68??87 4A7 E8C?4687 5L A8J 4:E88@8AGF J<G;   )A68 ABI4G<BA B66HEF   586B@8F G;8 6BHAG8EC4EGL GB
     5BG;G;85HL<A:4A7F8??<A:?84E<A:'8@58E F4E8FH?G G;86BAGE46GH4?E<:;GGBE868<I84A7E8GHEAG;8CE<A6<C4?4@BHAG
     B9G;8,*)4FJ8??4FG;86BAGE46GH4?E<:;GGBE868<I84A7C4L<AG8E8FGBAG;8,*)<FG;HFGE4AF98EE87GB
     .;8F854?4A68FE8CE8F8AGBHGFG4A7<A:54?4A68FBABC8A,*)4:E88@8AGF G868@58E  G;8:EBFF4@BHAGB9
     BC8A ,*) 6BAGE46GF E868<I45?8 4A7 C4L45?8 J4F    4A7     Q    4A7     .;8F8
     6BAGE46GFJ;8A5EB>8A7BJA5L?84E<A:'8@58E:<I8E<F8GB:EBFFE868<I45?84A7:EBFFC4L45?8CBF<G<BAF F4??BJ87
     HA78EEH?8F E868<I45?84A7C4L45?854?4A68FBHGFG4A7<A:J<G;G;8F4@8?84E<A:'8@58E4E8B99F8GJ;8AG;8L4E8
     <AG;8F4@86HEE8A6L4A74E8GB58F8GG?87BAG;8F4@874L 4F;4F4?8:4??L8A9BE6845?8E<:;GGBB99F8G4A7G;8
     <AG8AG<BA GB A8G F8GG?8  .;8 54?4A68F <A6?H78 5BG; G;8 BE<:<A4? CE<A6<C4? 4@BHAG B9 G;8 ,*) 4A7 G;8 466EH87 <AG8E8FG 
     5BG;B9J;<6;4E864EE<874G4@BEG<M876BFG F<FG;868AGE4?6BHAG8EC4EGL 4A8DH<I4?8AG4@BHAG<FE86B:A<M87<A
     5BG;G;8B@C4ALSF4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F
.;89B??BJ<A:G45?8F8GFBHGG;864EEL<A:4@BHAGFB94?4A68FB9?84E<A:'8@58EFG;4G4E8FH5=86GGBB99F8GG<A: 8A9BE6845?8
@4FG8EA8GG<A:4EE4A:8@8AGF4A7F<@<?4E4EE4A:8@8AGF
 D2E                                                                                                                            646>36C  
                                                            C@DD2DD6E@C=:23:=:EJ #:23:=:E:6D 2DD6ED@77D6E
                                                             7@C4@F?E6CA2CE:6D:?2      282:?DE?6E2DD6ED ?6E           %6E2>@F?EDAC6D6?E65
                                                            ?6E2DD6E ?6E=:23:=:EJ               =:23:=:E:6D3J           :?E964@?D@=:52E65
 FF8G&<45<?<GL                                                           A@D:E:@?                4@F?E6CA2CE:6D                     32=2?46D966E
 :?2?4:2=2DD6ED
 4<?LF8GG?8@8AGF7H89EB@?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                    
 (8G4@BHAGFE868<I45?8BABC8A,*)4:E88@8AGF                                                                                
                                                                                                                               
 :?2?4:2==:23:=:E:6D
 4<?LF8GG?8@8AGF7H8GB?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                         
 (8G4@BHAGFC4L45?8BABC8A,*)4:E88@8AGF                                                                                 
                                                                                                                             
 %6E2>@F?E                                                                                                                    M

 F4G                                                                                                                            868@58E 
                                                             !EBFF4FF8GBE?<45<?<GL &<45<?<G<8F4FF8GFB99F8G
                                                          9BE6BHAG8EC4EG<8F<A4A8G      4:4<AFGA8G4FF8GFA8G          (8G4@BHAGFCE8F8AG87
                                                                4FF8GA8G?<45<?<GL                 ?<45<?<G<8F5L         <AG;86BAFB?<74G87
 FF8G&<45<?<GL                                                           CBF<G<BA                 6BHAG8EC4EG<8F                     54?4A68F;88G
  <A4A6<4?4FF8GF
 4<?LF8GG?8@8AGF7H89EB@?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                     
 (8G4@BHAGFE868<I45?8BABC8A,*)4:E88@8AGF                                                                             
                                                                                                                            
  <A4A6<4??<45<?<G<8F
 4<?LF8GG?8@8AGF7H8GB?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                         
 (8G4@BHAGFC4L45?8BABC8A,*)4:E88@8AGF                                                                               
                                                                                                                           
 (8G4@BHAG                                                                                                                      R

 BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8?4E:8FG74<?LF8GG?8@8AG4@BHAG7H89EB@4?84E<A:'8@58EJ4F Q
   4A7G;8?4E:8FG74<?LF8GG?8@8AG4@BHAG7H8GB4?84E<A:'8@58EJ4F Q   .;8F8F8GG?8@8AG
4@BHAGF7BABGE89?86GA8G4@BHAGF9EB@BC8A,*)4:E88@8AGF J;<6;4E84?FB7H89EB@?84E<A:'8@58EF
?84E<A: '8@58EFS 64F; 6B??4G8E4? 4E8 6B@CE<F87 B9 64F; @4E:<A 78CBF<GF 4A7 64F; 6?84E<A: 9HA7 78CBF<GF 9EB@ ?84E<A:
'8@58EFJ;<6;4E8;8?75LJ<G;G;84A>B94A474BEJ<G;6B@@8E6<4?54A>FJ<G;4@<A<@H@6E87<GE4G<A:B9,
?BJBE58GG8E 4F;6B??4G8E4? 8<G;8E4F@4E:<A4:4<AFGBC8ACBF<G<BAFBE4FC4EGB9G;86?84E<A:9HA7 4E8;8?75L4A7
4E8E86B:A<M874F4A4FF8G4A74A8DH<I4?8AG4A7B99F8GG<A:?<45<?<GL<FE86B:A<M874FG;8F84@BHAGF4E8H?G<@4G8?LBJ87GBG;8

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report       123 TMX Group Limited                                                           
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

?84E<A:'8@58EF .;8E8<FABA8G<@C46GBAG;86BAFB?<74G87A8G4FF8GF4F4A8DH<I4?8AG4@BHAG<FE86B:A<M87<A5BG;4FF8GF
4A7?<45<?<G<8F
.;846GH4?6B??4G8E4?C?87:87GB4G868@58E<FFH@@4E<M8758?BJ
                                                                                       646>36C                  868@58E 
 2D94@==2E6C2=96=5
 ?84E<A:'8@58EFS64F;@4E:<A78CBF<GF                                                                                     
 ?84E<A:9HA764F;78CBF<GF                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                            

(BA 64F;@4E:<A78CBF<G4A7ABA 64F;6?84E<A:9HA778CBF<G6B??4G8E4?C?87:87GBHA78E<EE8IB645?84:E88@8AGF<F;8?7
<A:BI8EA@8AGF86HE<G<8F CHG?8GG8EFB9:H4E4AG884A78DH<GLF86HE<G<8FJ<G;4CCEBI8778CBF<GBE<8F ?84E<A:'8@58EF@4L
4?FB C?87:8 8F6EBJ E868<CGF 7<E86G?L J<G;   .;8 ABA 64F; 6B??4G8E4? C?87:87 GB  4G 868@58E  <F FH@@4E<M87
58?BJ
                                                                                       646>36C                 868@58E 
 %@? 42D94@==2E6C2=A=65865
 (BA 64F;@4E:<A78CBF<GF                                                                                                
                                                                                                                         

(BA 64F;6B??4G8E4?<FABG<A6?H787<AG;8B@C4ALSF6BAFB?<74G8754?4A68F;88GF
+*/+),*+**+*,%)$ % *+)+ &%
.-2.EHFG47@<A<FG8EFI4E<BHFF8:E8:4G879HA7F E8CE8F8AG<A:4@BHAGF;8?7BA58;4?9B96?<8AGF<A6BAA86G<BAJ<G;6BECBE4G8
GEHFG 4A7 F<@<?4E F8EI<68F  .;8 46GH4? 4FF8GF HA78E 47@<A<FGE4G<BA 5L .-2 .EHFG 4G 868@58E  4E8 FH@@4E<M87 58?BJ
                                                                                       646>36C                 868@58E 
 4F;                                                                                                                        
 .E84FHEL5<??F4A79<K87<A6B@8F86HE<G<8F                                                                                    
 +@E2=2DD6EDF?56C25>:?:DEC2E:@?                                                                                          

-<A68G;8F84@BHAGF4E8ABG6BAGEB??875L.-2.EHFGBE5LG;8B@C4AL 4FF8GFHA78E47@<A<FGE4G<BA4E8ABG<A6?H787<AG;8
6BAFB?<74G8754?4A68F;88G

%&+ L %% #) *"$%$%+

.;8B@C4AL<F8KCBF87GB4AH@58EB99<A4A6<4?E<F>F4F4E8FH?GB9<GFBC8E4G<BAF J;<6;4E87<F6HFF8758?BJ #GF88>FGB
@BA<GBE4A7@<A<@<M847I8EF889986GF9EB@G;8F8E<F>FG;EBH:;<GFE<F>@4A4:8@8AGCB?<6<8F4A7CEB68FF8F
%)#,* %**) *"
!8A8E4?5HF<A8FFE<F>E898EFGBG;8E<F>F4A7CBG8AG<4??BFF8F4E<F<A:9EB@G;8B@C4ALSF47@<A<FGE4G<BA4A7BC8E4G<BA4F4
5HF<A8FF8AG8ECE<F8G;4G4E8HAE8?4G87GBC4EG<6<C4AG7894H?G !8A8E4?5HF<A8FFE<F><A6?H78F4ALCBG8AG<4?<@C4<E@8AGB9G;8
B@C4ALSF 9<A4A6<4? CBF<G<BA 4F 4 5HF<A8FF 6BA68EA 4F 4 6BAF8DH8A68 B9 4 786?<A8 <A <GF E8I8AH8F BE 4A <A6E84F8 <A <GF
8KC8AF8F  -H6; <@C4<E@8AG 64A 58 64HF87 5L 4 I4E<8GL B9 5HF<A8FF 946GBEF  <A6?H7<A: CBBE 8K86HG<BA B9 5HF<A8FF FGE4G8:L 
A8:4G<I864F;9?BJF BEHA8KC86G874A78K68FF<I8?L?4E:8BC8E4G<A:8KC8AF8F
) +) *"
E87<GE<F><FG;8E<F>B9?BFF7H8GBG;894<?HE8B945BEEBJ8E 6BHAG8EC4EGL ?84E<A:'8@58E BE*4EG<6<C4AGGB;BABHEG;8<E
9<A4A6<4? B5?<:4G<BAF  #G 4E<F8F CE<A6<C4??L 9EB@ G;8 B@C4ALSF 6?84E<A: BC8E4G<BAF B9 - ?84E<A: 4A7   G;8 5EB>8E4:8
BC8E4G<BAF B9 -;BE64A  64F; 4A7 64F; 8DH<I4?8AGF  E8FGE<6G87 64F; 4A7 64F; 8DH<I4?8AGF  @4E>8G45?8 F86HE<G<8F  GE478
E868<I45?8F 4A7GBG4?E8GHEAFJ4CF.,-F
:=62C:?82?5 @C3C@<6C286@A6C2E:@?D
     .;8B@C4AL<F8KCBF87GB6E87<GE<F><AG;88I8AGG;4G*4EG<6<C4AGF <AG;864F8B9-?84E<A:?84E<A:'8@58EF <AG;8
     64F8B94A76?<8AGF <AG;864F8B9.-2.EHFG4A7-;BE64A 94<?GB9H?9<??G;8<E9<A4A6<4?B5?<:4G<BAF




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report    124 TMX Group Limited                                                     
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

*=62C:?8
    - ?84E<A: <F 8KCBF87 GB G;8 E<F> B9 ?BFF 7H8 GB G;8 94<?HE8 B9 4 *4EG<6<C4AG <A - ?84E<A:SF 6?84E<A: 4A7 F8GG?8@8AG
    F8EI<68F GB ;BABHE <GF 9<A4A6<4? B5?<:4G<BAF  .B 4 ?8FF8E 8KG8AG  - ?84E<A: <F 8KCBF87 GB 6E87<G E<F> G;EBH:; G;8
    C8E9BE@4A68B9F8EI<68F<A47I4A68B9C4L@8AG
    .;EBH:; G;8 6?84E<A: 4A7 F8GG?8@8AG F8EI<68F BC8E4G87 5L - ?84E<A:  6E87<G E<F> 8KCBFHE8F 4E8 6E84G87  HE<A: G;8
    6BHEF8 B9 846; 5HF<A8FF 74L  GE4AF46G<BA F8GG?8@8AGF 64A E8FH?G <A 4 A8G C4L@8AG B5?<:4G<BA B9 4 *4EG<6<C4AG GB -
    ?84E<A:BEG;8B5?<:4G<BAB9-?84E<A:GBC4L4*4EG<6<C4AG .;8CBG8AG<4?94<?HE8B9G;8*4EG<6<C4AGGB@88G<GFC4L@8AG
    B5?<:4G<BAGB-?84E<A:E8FH?GF<AC4L@8AGE<F> 4FC86<9<69BE@B96E87<GE<F> *4L@8AGE<F><F49BE@B96E87<GE<F><A
    F86HE<G<8FF8GG?8@8AGJ;8E85L4F8??8EJ<??78?<I8EF86HE<G<8F4A7ABGE868<I8C4L@8AG BEG;4G45HL8EJ<??@4>8C4L@8AG
    4A7ABGE868<I8G;8CHE6;4F87F86HE<G<8F *4L@8AGE<F><F@<G<:4G875L78?<I8ELC4L@8AG9<A4?<GL<A-2 -?84E<A:SF
    @H?G<?4G8E4?6?84E<A:4A7F8GG?8@8AGFLFG8@ 4FF8GBHG<AG;8-?84E<A:*4EG<6<C4AG,H?8F
    #AG;8F8GG?8@8AGF8EI<68FB998E875L-?84E<A: C4L@8AGE<F><FGE4AF98EE878AG<E8?L9EB@-?84E<A:GB*4EG<6<C4AGF
    J;B4668CGG;<FE<F>CHEFH4AGGBG;86BAGE46GH4?EH?8F9BEG;8F8GG?8@8AGF8EI<68F .;<FGE4AF98EB9C4L@8AGE<F>B66HEF
    CE<@4E<?L 5L @84AF B9 *4EG<6<C4AGF 46G<A: 4F 8KG8A78EF B9 6E87<G GB BG;8E *4EG<6<C4AGF G;EBH:; ?<A8F B9 6E87<G @4A4:87
    J<G;<A G;8 F8GG?8@8AG FLFG8@ BE  4?G8EA4G<I8?L  5L @84AF B9 E<F> F;4E<A: 4EE4A:8@8AGF J;8E85L :EBHCF B9 *4EG<6<C4AGF
    6EBFF :H4E4AG88 G;8 C4L@8AG B5?<:4G<BAF B9 BG;8E @8@58EF B9 G;8 :EBHC  -;BH?7 4 *4EG<6<C4AG 58 HA45?8 GB @88G <GF
    C4L@8AG B5?<:4G<BAF GB - ?84E<A:  G;8F8 FHEI<I<A: *4EG<6<C4AGF 4E8 E8DH<E87 GB @4>8 G;8 C4L@8AG  *4L@8AG E<F> <F
    @<G<:4G87BA58;4?9B9*4EG<6<C4AGFG;EBH:;G;88A9BE68@8AGB9?<@<GFBAG;8@4:A<GH78B9C4L@8AGB5?<:4G<BAFB9846;
    *4EG<6<C4AG4A7G;8E8DH<E8@8AGB9846;*4EG<6<C4AGGB6B??4G8E4?<M8G;8<EC4L@8AGB5?<:4G<BA BG;B9G;8F8@<G<:4AGF4E8
    8A9BE687<AE84?G<@8<AG;8F8GG?8@8AGFLFG8@
    .;EBH:;(3&4A7.<E86G&<A>T&U 6E87<GE<F>8KCBFHE8F4G-?84E<A:4E86E84G87 HE<A:G;86BHEF8B9846;
    5HF<A8FF 74L  F8GG?8@8AG GE4AF46G<BAF 5L G;8 (-. 64A E8FH?G <A 4 A8G C4L@8AG B5?<:4G<BA 9EB@ (-. GB -
    ?84E<A:BEG;8B5?<:4G<BAB9-?84E<A:GB@4>84C4L@8AGGB(-. F46BEB??4ELE8FH?G -?84E<A:;4F4?8:4?
    E<:;G GB E868<I8 G;8 9HA7F 9EB@ FCBAFBE87 *4EG<6<C4AGF <A 4 785<G CBF<G<BA BE ;4F 4A B5?<:4G<BA GB C4L G;8 9HA7F GB
    FCBAFBE87*4EG<6<C4AGF<A46E87<GCBF<G<BA 
    .;8CBG8AG<4?94<?HE8B94*4EG<6<C4AGGB@88G<GFC4L@8AGB5?<:4G<BAGB-?84E<A:<AG;8(3&BE&F8EI<68FE8FH?GF<A4
    C4L@8AGE<F> .B@<G<:4G8G;8E<F>B97894H?G -?84E<A:;4F<AC?4687894H?GE<F>@<G<:4G<BA@86;4A<F@FGB@<A<@<M8
    ?BFF8F GB G;8 FHEI<I<A: *4EG<6<C4AGF 4F F8G BHG <A G;8 - ?84E<A: *4EG<6<C4AG ,H?8F  .;8 CEB68FF <A6?H78F *4EG<6<C4AGF
    CBFG<A:6B??4G8E4?J<G;-?84E<A:4A7(-.ABG8 
    .;8E<F>8KCBFHE8B9-?84E<A:<AG;8F868AGE4?6BHAG8EC4EGLF8EI<68F<F@<G<:4G87G;EBH:;474<?L@4E> GB @4E>8GB9
    846;*4EG<6<C4AGSFB5?<:4G<BAF4FJ8??4FE<F> 54F876B??4G8E4?E8DH<E8@8AGF64?6H?4G8774<?L .;8F8@<G<:4AGF4E8<AG8A787
    GB6BI8EG;8I4FG@4=BE<GLB9@4E>8G6;4A:8F4A74E8G8FG874:4<AFG46GH4?CE<686;4A:8FBA4E8:H?4E54F<F .;<FG8FG<A:<F
    FHCC?8@8AG87 J<G; 4A4?LF<F B9 G;8 89986GF B9 8KGE8@8 @4E>8G 6BA7<G<BAF BA 4 6B??4G8E4? I4?H4G<BA 4A7 @4E>8G E<F>
    @84FHE8@8AGF J;<6; 4E8 HF87 GB 78G8E@<A8 477<G<BA4? 6B??4G8E4? E8DH<E8@8AGF B9 *4EG<6<C4AGF GB 4 7894H?G 9HA7
    8FG45?<F;87<A -;BH?7G;86B??4G8E4?B947894H?G8E<A468AGE4?6BHAG8EC4EGLF8EI<6858<AFH99<6<8AG 8<G;8E5864HF8
    G;8I4?H8B9G;86B??4G8E4?;4F786?<A87BEG;8?BFFGB586BI8E875LG;86B??4G8E4?8K688787G;86B??4G8E4?E8DH<E8@8AG 
    G;8FHEI<I<A:*4EG<6<C4AGF<AG;8F8EI<684E8E8DH<E87GB6BI8E4ALE8F<7H4??BFF8F 4F;6B??4G8E4?<F;8?75L-?84E<A:4G
    G;84A>B94A474 J<G;6B@@8E6<4?54A>FJ<G;4@<A<@H@6E87<GE4G<A:B9, ?BJBE58GG8E 4A7(-.4A7ABA
    64F;6B??4G8E4?C?87:875L*4EG<6<C4AGFHA78E*4EG<6<C4AG,H?8F<F;8?75L-?84E<A:ABG8 
    - ?84E<A: 4?FB ;B?7F   B9 <GF 64F; 4A7 64F; 8DH<I4?8AGF 4A7 @4E>8G45?8 F86HE<G<8F GB 6BAGE<5HG8 CE8 9HA787
    E8FBHE68F GB <GF (- 7894H?G J4G8E94??  .;<F 7894H?G 9HA7 B9   JBH?7 58 4668FF87 9B??BJ<A: G;8 8K;4HFG<BA B9 4
    FHFC8A787*4EG<6<C4AGF(-C4EG<6<C4AG9HA74A77894H?G9HA76BAGE<5HG<BA
    -?84E<A:@4LE868<I8C4L@8AG9EB@F86HE<G<8F<FFH8EF9BE8AG<G?8@8AGF 9BE8K4@C?8 @4GHE<GLBE<AG8E8FGC4L@8AGF 
    CE<BE GB G;8 74G8 B9 C4L@8AG GB G;8 *4EG<6<C4AGF ;B?7<A: G;BF8 F86HE<G<8F  #A E4E8 6<E6H@FG4A68F  7H8 GB G;8 G<@<A: B9
    E868<CGB9G;8F8C4L@8AGFBE7H8GB@4E>8G6BA7<G<BAF G;8F89HA7F@4L58;8?7J<G;4@4=BE4A47<4A6;4EG8E8754A> 
    F4E8FH?G -?84E<A:6BH?7588KCBF87GBG;86E87<GE<F>4FFB6<4G87J<G;G;8CBG8AG<4?94<?HE8B9G;854A>

     <F 8KCBF87 GB E<F> B9 ?BFF <A G;8 8I8AG G;4G ?84E<A: '8@58EF 94<? GB F4G<F9L 4AL B9 G;8 6BAGE46GH4? B5?<:4G<BAF 4F
    FG<CH?4G87J<G;<ASFEH?8F



.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report       125 TMX Group Limited                                                     
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

     <F 8KCBF87 GB G;8 6E87<G E<F> B9 <GF ?84E<A: '8@58EF F<A68 <G 46GF 4F G;8 68AGE4? 6BHAG8EC4EGL 9BE 4?? GE4AF46G<BAF
    64EE<87BHGBA'2SF@4E>8GF4A7BA68EG4<A).@4E>8GFJ;<6;4E8F8EI<6875L FFH6; <AG;88I8AGB94?84E<A:
    '8@58E7894H?G G;8B5?<:4G<BAFB9G;BF87894H?G<A:6BHAG8EC4EG<8FJBH?7586B@8G;8E8FCBAF<5<?<GLB9
    .;8 9<EFG ?<A8 B9 7898A68 <A F 6E87<G E<F> @4A4:8@8AG CEB68FF <F G;8 47BCG<BA B9 FGE<6G @8@58EF;<C 6E<G8E<4 J;<6;
    <A6?H78 5BG; 9<A4A6<4? 4A7 E8:H?4GBEL E8DH<E8@8AGF  #A 477<G<BA   C8E9BE@F BA :B<A: @BA<GBE<A: B9 G;8 9<A4A6<4?
    I<45<?<GL B9 <GF ?84E<A: '8@58EF 4:4<AFG G;8 E8?8I4AG 6E<G8E<4 4F 4 @84AF B9 8AFHE<A: G;8 BA :B<A: 6B@C?<4A68 B9 <GF
    ?84E<A:'8@58EF #AG;88I8AGG;4G4?84E<A:'8@58E94<?FGB6BAG<AH8GBF4G<F9L4ALB9<GF@8@58EF;<C6E<G8E<4 
    ;4FG;8E<:;GG;EBH:;<GFEH?8F GB<@CBF8I4E<BHFF4A6G<BAFBAFH6;?84E<A:'8@58EF
    )A8B9SFCE<A6<C4?E<F>@4A4:8@8AGCE46G<68FJ<G;E8:4E7GB6BHAG8EC4EGL6E87<GE<F><FG;86B??86G<BAB9E<F> 54F87
    @4E:<A 78CBF<GF <A G;8 9BE@ B9 64F;  8DH<G<8F  ?<DH<7 :BI8EA@8AG F86HE<G<8F 4A7 8F6EBJ E868<CGF  -;BH?7 4 ?84E<A:
    '8@58E 94<? GB @88G F8GG?8@8AGF 4A7BE 74<?L @4E:<A 64??F BE BG;8EJ<F8 ABG ;BABHE <GF B5?<:4G<BAF HA78E BC8A 9HGHE8
    6BAGE46GF BCG<BA6BAGE46GF 4A7,*)4:E88@8AGF @4E:<A78CBF<GFJBH?758F8<M874A7JBH?7G;8A584I4<?45?8GB4CC?L
    4:4<AFGG;8CBG8AG<4??BFF8F<A6HEE87G;EBH:;G;8?<DH<74G<BAB9G;8?84E<A:'8@58ESFCBF<G<BAF 
    SF @4E:<A<A: FLFG8@ <F 6B@C?8@8AG87 5L 4 4<?L 4C<G4? '4E:<A 'BA<GBE<A: '' CEB68FF G;4G 8I4?H4G8F G;8
    9<A4A6<4? FGE8A:G; B9 4 ?84E<A: '8@58E 4:4<AFG <GF @4E:<A E8DH<E8@8AGF   @BA<GBEF G;8 @4E:<A E8DH<E8@8AG B9 4
    ?84E<A:'8@58E4F4C8E68AG4:8B9<GF64C<G4?A8G4??BJ45?84FF8GF J<??@4>8477<G<BA4?@4E:<A64??FJ;8AG;8
    E4G<BB9@4E:<AE8DH<E8@8AGA8G4??BJ45?84FF8GF8K6887F .;8477<G<BA4?@4E:<A<F8DH4?GBG;88K68FFB9G;8E4G<B
    BI8E4A7<F@84AGGB8AFHE8G;4G?84E<A:'8@58E?8I8E4:8<AG;86?84E<A:46G<I<G<8F7B8FABG8K6887G;8I4?H8B9
    G;8 9<E@   4?FB ;4F 477<G<BA4? @4E:<A FHE6;4E:8F GB @4A4:8 G;8 E<F> 8KCBFHE8F 4FFB6<4G87 J<G; FC86<9<6 5HF<A8FF
    E8?4G87 E<F>F  .;8F8 <A6?H78 6BA68AGE4G<BA 6;4E:8F 9BE ?84E<A: '8@58EF G;4G 4E8 BI8E?L 6BA68AGE4G87 <A 68EG4<A
    CBF<G<BAF  JEBA: J4L E<F> 6;4E:8F 9BE G;BF8 ?84E<A: '8@58EF ;B?7<A: CBF<G<BAF J;<6; 4E8 ;<:;?L 6BEE8?4G87 J<G; G;8<E
    BJA 6E87<G E<F> CEB9<?8  @<F@4G6;87 F8GG?8@8AG FHE6;4E:8F J;<6; 4E8 @84AG GB @<G<:4G8 G;8 E<F> B9 6;8EEL C<6><A: 5L 4
    CBG8AG<4?7894H?G8E<AG;8F8GG?8@8AGCEB68FF
    !?B54?E8:H?4GBELE8DH<E8@8AGF9BE68AGE4? 6BHAG8EC4EG<8F*F ?<>8 ;4I8;<:;?<:;G87G;8A8879BE*FGB;4I84
    6B@CBA8AGB9G;8<E64C<G4?4GE<F><AG;87894H?G@4A4:8@8AGCEB68FF ;B?7F B9<GF64F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF
    4A7 @4E>8G45?8 F86HE<G<8F GB 6BI8E G;8 CBG8AG<4? ?BFF <A6HEE87 7H8 GB ?84E<A: '8@58E 7894H?GF  .;<F   JBH?7 58
    4668FF87<AG;88I8AGG;4G47894H?G<A:?84E<A:'8@58EFS@4E:<A4A76?84E<A:9HA778CBF<GF4E8<AFH99<6<8AGGB6BI8EG;8
    ?BFF<A6HEE875L .;8 <F4??B64G87<AGBGJBF8C4E4G8GE4A6;8F .;89<EFGGE4A6;8B9 <F<AG8A787GB6BI8EG;8
    ?BFF E8FH?G<A: 9EB@ G;8 9<EFG 7894H?G<A: ?84E<A: '8@58E  #9 G;8 ?BFF <A6HEE87 <F :E84G8E G;4A    4A7 4F FH6; G;8 9<EFG
    GE4A6;8<F9H??L78C?8G87 J<??9H??LE8C?8A<F;G;89<EFGGE4A6;8HF<A:G;8F86BA7GE4A6;8B9  .;<FF86BA7GE4A6;8
    <F<AC?468GB8AFHE8G;8E8<F 4I4<?45?8<AG;88I8AGB94A477<G<BA4??84E<A:'8@58E7894H?G
    SF64F;@4E:<A78CBF<GF4A764F;6?84E<A:9HA778CBF<GF4E8;8?74GG;84A>B94A474BEJ<G;6B@@8E6<4?54A>F
    J<G;4@<A<@H@6E87<GE4G<A:B9, ?BJBE58GG8E G;8E85L4??8I<4G<A:G;86E87<GE<F>JBH?79468J<G;78CBF<GF;8?7
    4G6B@@8E6<4?54A>F SFABA 64F;@4E:<A78CBF<GF4A7ABA 64F;6?84E<A:9HA778CBF<GF4E8C?87:87GBHA78E
    <EE8IB645?8 4:E88@8AGF 4A7 4E8 ;8?7 5L 4CCEBI87 78CBF<GBE<8F ABG8   .;<F 6B??4G8E4? @4L 58 F8<M87 5L  <A G;8
    8I8AGB97894H?G5L4?84E<A:'8@58E 
*9@C42?
    -;BE64A<F8KCBF87GB6E87<GE<F><AG;88I8AGG;4G6HFGB@8EF94<?GBF8GG?8BAG;86BAGE46G87F8GG?8@8AG74G8 .;<FE<F><F
    ?<@<G875LG;8<EFG4GHF4F4:8AGF <AG;4GG;8L7BABGCHE6;4F8BEF8??F86HE<G<8F9BEG;8<EBJA466BHAG F4:8AGF <AG;8
    8I8AG B9 4 94<?87 GE478  -;BE64A ;4F G;8 E<:;G GB J<G;7E4J <GF ABE@4? CB?<6L B9 4ABAL@<GL 4A7 47I<F8 G;8 GJB
    6BHAG8EC4EG<8FGBF8GG?87<E86G?L
::2D92?542D96BF:G2=6?ED2?5C6DEC:4E6542D92?542D96BF:G2=6?ED
    .;8 B@C4AL @4A4:8F <GF 8KCBFHE8 GB 6E87<G E<F> BA <GF 64F; 4A7 64F; 8DH<I4?8AGF 4A7 E8FGE<6G87 64F; 4A7 64F;
    8DH<I4?8AGF 5L ;B?7<A: G;8 @4=BE<GL B9 <GF 64F; 4A7 64F; 8DH<I4?8AGF J<G; @4=BE 4A47<4A 6;4EG8E87 54A>F BE <A
    !BI8EA@8AGB94A4744A7CEBI<A6<4?GE84FHEL5<??F4A7/-GE84FHEL5<??F
:::$2C<6E23=6D64FC:E:6D
    .;8B@C4AL@4A4:8F<GF8KCBFHE8GB6E87<GE<F>4E<F<A:9EB@<AI8FG@8AGF<A@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F5L;B?7<A:;<:; :E478
    <A7<I<7H4?9<K87<A6B@8F86HE<G<8FBEG8E@78CBF<GFJ<G;6E87<GE4G<A:FB9, ?BJBE58GG8E #A477<G<BA J;8A;B?7<A:
    <A7<I<7H4?9<K87<A6B@8F86HE<G<8F G;8B@C4ALJ<???<@<G<GF8KCBFHE8GB4ALABA :BI8EA@8AGF86HE<GL .;8<AI8FG@8AG
    CB?<6LB9G;8B@C4ALJ<??BA?L4??BJ8K68FF64F;GB58<AI8FG87<A@BA8L@4E>8GF86HE<G<8FBE9<K87<A6B@8F86HE<G<8F

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report       126 TMX Group Limited                                                     
                                                                                          %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                        @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

     ;BJ8I8EG;8@4=BE<GLB9G;8CBEG9B?<B<F;8?7J<G;<A54A>78CBF<GF ABG8F !BI8EA@8AGB94A4744A7CEBI<A6<4?GE84FHEL
     5<??F 4A7/-GE84FHEL5<??F
:G+C256C646:G23=6D
     .;8B@C4ALSF8KCBFHE8GB6E87<GE<F>E8FH?G<A:9EB@HA6B??86G45?8466BHAGF<F<A9?H8A6875LG;8<A7<I<7H4?6;4E46G8E<FG<6F
     B9<GF6HFGB@8EF @4ALB9J;B@4E854A>F4A79<A4A6<4?<AFG<GHG<BAF .;8B@C4AL<AIB<68F<GF6HFGB@8EFBA4 E8:H?4E
     54F<F4A7@4<AG4<AF46B??86G<BAFG84@GB@BA<GBE6HFGB@8E466BHAGF4A7@<A<@<M8G;84@BHAGB9BI8E7H8E868<I45?8F 
     .;8E8<FAB6BA68AGE4G<BAB96E87<GE<F>4E<F<A:9EB@GE478E868<I45?8F9EB@4F<A:?86HFGB@8E #A477<G<BA 6HFGB@8EFG;4G
     94<? GB @4<AG4<A G;8<E 466BHAG <A :BB7 FG4A7<A: E<F> ?BFF B9 ?<FG<A:  GE47<A:  6?84E<A:  BE 74G4 4668FF CE<I<?8:8F 4A7 BG;8E
     F8EI<68F 
G+@E2=C6EFC?DH2AD
     .;8B@C4AL?<@<GF<GF8KCBFHE8GB6BHAG8EC4EGL6E87<GE<F>BA<GFGBG4?E8GHEAFJ4CF5L6BAGE46G<A:J<G;@4=BE4A47<4A
     6;4EG8E8754A>F
 %-*+$%+) *"
#AG;86?84E<A:BC8E4G<BAFB9<GF5HF<A8FF G;8B@C4AL@4A4:8F5BG;F86HE<G<8F4A764F;6B??4G8E4?4A7HF8F6HFGB7L54A>F
9BEG;8?4GG8E .;8<AI8FG@8AG@4A4:8@8AGCEB68FF:BI8EA<A:G;8<AI8FG45?864F;9B??BJF<A7HFGELCE46G<684A7<F<A?<A8J<G;
G;8B@C4ALSFE8:H?4GBELB5?<:4G<BAF "BJ8I8E 4FJ<G;4??<AI8FG@8AGFGE4G8:<8F G;8E<F>B9?BFFBAC4EG<6<C4AG4FF8GFE8@4<AF
4CBFF<5<?<GL .;8CBG8AG<4?9BEG;8F847I8EF8BHG6B@8F<F466BHAG879BE<AG;86BAGE46GH4?9E4@8JBE>8@587787<AG;8-
,H?8F  J;<6; 8AFHE8 G;4G <9 <AI8FG@8AG ?BFF8F 4E8 E84?<M87  G;8L 4E8 GE4AF98EE87 GB C4EG<6<C4AGF  G;8E85L 8?<@<A4G<A: 4AL
CBFF<5?8<@C46GFGBG;8B@C4ALSF9<A4A6<4?CBF<G<BA
$)"+) *"
'4E>8G E<F> <F G;8 E<F> B9 ?BFF 7H8 GB 6;4A:8F <A @4E>8G CE<68F 4A7 E4G8F  FH6; 4F 9BE8<:A 8K6;4A:8 E4G8F  <AG8E8FG E4G8F 
6B@@B7<GLCE<68F4A78DH<GLCE<68F 
:@C6:8?4FCC6?4JC:D<
     .;8 B@C4AL <F 8KCBF87 GB 9BE8<:A 6HEE8A6L E<F> BA E8I8AH8 4A7 8KC8AF8F J;8E8 <G <AIB<68F BE CEB6HE8F <A 4 9BE8<:A
     6HEE8A6L #G<F4?FB8KCBF87GB9BE8<:A6HEE8A6LE<F>BA64F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF GE478E868<I45?8F4A7GE478C4L45?8F
     78AB@<A4G87 <A 9BE8<:A 6HEE8A6<8F  CE<A6<C4??L <A /- 7B??4EF  F 4G 868@58E     64F; 4A7 64F; 8DH<I4?8AGF 4A7
     GE478 E868<I45?8F  A8G B9 6HEE8AG ?<45<?<G<8F  <A6?H78 /-   J;<6; 4E8 8KCBF87 GB 6;4A:8F <A G;8 /- 4A47<4A 7B??4E
     8K6;4A:8E4G8 N  J;<6;4E88KCBF87GB6;4A:8F<AG;8E<G<F;*BHA7-G8E?<A: 4A47<4A7B??4E8K6;4A:8E4G8 4A7?8FF
     G;4AX  J;<6;4E88KCBF87GB6;4A:8F<AG;8HEB 4A47<4A7B??4E8K6;4A:8E4G8Q/-  N 4A7?8FFG;4A
     X   #A 477<G<BA  A8G 4FF8GF E8?4G87 GB .E4LCBEG 4A7 BG;8E 9BE8<:A BC8E4G<BAF 4E8 78AB@<A4G87 <A /- 7B??4EF  HEBF
     T/,U4A7E<G<F;*BHA7-G8E?<A:!* 4A7G;889986GB99BE8<:A8K6;4A:8E4G8@BI8@8AGFBAG;8B@C4ALSFF;4E8
     B9G;8F8A8G4FF8GF<F<A6?H787<A466H@H?4G87BG;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@8<AG;86BAFB?<74G8754?4A68F;88G 
     .;8 B@C4AL 7B8F ABG 6HEE8AG?L 8@C?BL 6HEE8A6L ;87:<A: FGE4G8:<8F J<G; E8FC86G GB <GF BC8E4G<A: 46G<I<G<8F  4A7
     G;8E89BE8 F<:A<9<64AG @BI8F <A 8K6;4A:8 E4G8F  FC86<9<64??L 4 FGE8A:G;8A<A: B9 G;8 4A47<4A 7B??4E 4:4<AFG G;8 /- 7B??4E
     6BH?7;4I84A47I8EF889986GBAG;8I4?H8B9G;8B@C4ALFA8G<A6B@8BEA8G4FF8GF<A4A47<4A7B??4EF
     -8GG?8@8AGF <A G;8 6?84E<A: 4A7 F8GG?8@8AG F8EI<68F B998E87 5L - ?84E<A: B66HE <A 5BG; 4A47<4A 4A7 /- 7B??4EF 
      BE8<:A8K6;4A:8E<F>6BH?7586E84G87<9G;8E8<F47894H?G4A7G;86HEE8A6LB9G;8C4L@8AGB5?<:4G<BA<F7<998E8AG9EB@
     G;86HEE8A6LB9G;86B??4G8E4?FHCCBEG<A:G;4GC4L@8AGB5?<:4G<BA .;<FE<F><F@<G<:4G875L7<F6BHAG<A:G;86B??4G8E4?I4?H8
     B9F86HE<G<8FJ;8E8G;8F8@<F@4G6;8FB66HE 
:: ?E6C6DEC2E6C:D<
     .;8B@C4AL<F8KCBF87GB<AG8E8FGE4G8E<F>BA<GF@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F 6E87<G4A7?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F 7858AGHE8F4A7
     B@@8E6<4?*4C8E
     G868@58E  G;8B@C4AL;8?7 <A@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F 4??B9J;<6;J8E8;8?7<AGE84FHEL5<??FQ
       4??B9J;<6;J8E8;8?7<AGE84FHEL5<??F 
     .;8B@C4AL4?FB;4FA<?B9B@@8E6<4?*4C8EABG8BHGFG4A7<A:4G868@58E 




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                              2021 Annual Report       127 TMX Group Limited                                                      
                                                                                     %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                   @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

:::BF:EJAC:46C:D<
     .;8B@C4AL<F8KCBF87GB8DH<GLCE<68E<F>4E<F<A:9EB@<GFF;4E8 54F87C4L@8AGF 4FG;8B@C4ALSFB5?<:4G<BAHA78E
     G;8F8 4EE4A:8@8AGF 4E8 C4EG?L 54F87 BA G;8 CE<68 B9 G;8 B@C4ALSF F;4E8F  .;8 B@C4AL ;4F 8AG8E87 <AGB .,-F 4F 4
     C4EG<4?86BAB@<6;87:8GBG;8F;4E84CCE86<4G<BAE<:;GFB9G;8F8F;4E8 54F87C4L@8AGF
:G&E96C>2C<6EAC:46C:D<
     .;8B@C4AL<F8KCBF87GB@4E>8GE<F>946GBEF9EB@G;846G<I<G<8FB9 -?84E<A: .-2 .-208AGHE8K6;4A:8 4A7
     -;BE64A <94?84E<A:'8@58E *4EG<6<C4AGBE6?<8AG 4FG;864F8@4L58 94<?FGBG4>8BE78?<I8E8<G;8E78E<I4G<I8CEB7H6GF
     BE F86HE<G<8F BA G;8 6BAGE46G87 F8GG?8@8AG 74G8 J;8E8 G;8 6BAGE46G87 CE<68 <F ?8FF 94IBHE45?8 G;4A G;8 6HEE8AG @4E>8G
     CE<68 

     <F8KCBF87GB@4E>8GE<F>G;EBH:;<GF*9HA6G<BA<AG;88I8AGB94?84E<A:'8@58E7894H?G4F<G586B@8FG;8?8:4?
     6BHAG8EC4EGLGB4??B9G;87894H?G8EFSABI4G87GE4AF46G<BAF4A7@HFG;BABEG;89<A4A6<4?B5?<:4G<BAFG;4G4E<F89EB@G;BF8
     ABI4G87GE4AF46G<BAF
     .;8CE<A6<C4?@<G<:4G<BAB9G;8@4E>8GE<F>8KCBFHE8CBFG7894H?G<FG;87894H?G@4A4:8@8AGCEB68FF ;4F78I8?BC87
     78G4<?87 7894H?G @4A4:8@8AG CEB68FF8F G;4G JBH?7 8A45?8 <G GB A8HGE4?<M8 G;8 @4E>8G 8KCBFHE8F G;EBH:; 8<G;8E <GF
     4H6G<BACEB68FFBEI<4BC8A@4E>8GFBC8E4G<BAFJ<G;<ACE8F6E<587G<@8C8E<B7F AL?BFF8F9EB@FH6;BC8E4G<BAFJBH?7
     58F8G B994:4<AFGG;8@4E:<A4A76?84E<A:9HA7<9A868FF4EL6B??4G8E4?G;4G4E8CE8 9HA7875L4???84E<A:'8@58EF9BE
     G;8F8CHECBF8F 
*=62C:?8
     -?84E<A:<F8KCBF87GB@4E>8GE<F>G;EBH:;<GF*9HA6G<BA<AG;88I8AGB94*4EG<6<C4AG7894H?G4F<G586B@8FG;8
     ?8:4?6BHAG8EC4EGLGB4??B9G;87894H?G8EFSABI4G87GE4AF46G<BAF4A7@HFG;BABEG;89<A4A6<4?B5?<:4G<BAFG;4G4E<F89EB@
     G;BF8ABI4G87GE4AF46G<BAF 
     .;8CE<A6<C4?@<G<:4G<BAB9G;8@4E>8GE<F>8KCBFHE8CBFG7894H?G<FG;87894H?G@4A4:8@8AGCEB68FF -?84E<A:;4F
     78I8?BC87 78G4<?87 7894H?G @4A4:8@8AG CEB68FF8F G;4G JBH?7 8A45?8 <G GB A8HGE4?<M8 G;8 @4E>8G 8KCBFHE8F I<4 BC8A
     @4E>8GBC8E4G<BAFJ<G;<ACE8F6E<587G<@8C8E<B7F AL?BFF8F9EB@FH6;BC8E4G<BAFJBH?758F8G B994:4<AFGG;86B??4G8E4?
     6BAGE<5HG<BAFB9G;87894H?G<A:C4EG<6<C4AGGBG;8C4EG<6<C4AG9HA74A77894H?G9HA79BEG;8*F8EI<68
     ,8C?468@8AG6BFGE<F>8KCBFHE8B9-?84E<A:<AG;8F868AGE4?6BHAG8EC4EGLF8EI<68F<F@<G<:4G87G;EBH:;474<?L@4E>
     GB @4E>8GB9846;C4EG<6<C4AGSFB5?<:4G<BAF4FJ8??4FE<F> 54F876B??4G8E4?E8DH<E8@8AGF64?6H?4G8774<?L .;8F8@<G<:4AGF
     4E8<AG8A787GB6BI8EG;8I4FG@4=BE<GLB9@4E>8G6;4A:8F4A74E8G8FG874:4<AFG46GH4?CE<686;4A:8FBA4E8:H?4E54F<F 
     .;<FG8FG<A:<FFHCC?8@8AG87J<G;4A4?LF<FB9G;889986GFB98KGE8@8@4E>8G6BA7<G<BAFBA6B??4G8E4?I4?H4G<BA4A7@4E>8G
     E<F> @84FHE8@8AGF J;<6; 4E8 HF87 GB 78G8E@<A8 477<G<BA4? 6B??4G8E4? E8DH<E8@8AGF B9 *4EG<6<C4AGF GB 4 7894H?G 9HA7
     8FG45?<F;87<A -;BH?7G;86B??4G8E4?B947894H?G8E<A468AGE4?6BHAG8EC4EGLF8EI<6858<AFH99<6<8AG 8<G;8E5864HF8
     G;8I4?H8B9G;86B??4G8E4?;4F786?<A87BEG;8?BFFGB586BI8E875LG;86B??4G8E4?8K688787G;86B??4G8E4?E8DH<E8@8AG 
     G;8FHEI<I<A:C4EG<6<C4AGF<AG;8F8EI<684E8E8DH<E87GB6BI8E4ALE8F<7H4??BFF8F 
     -8GG?8@8AGF <A G;8 6?84E<A: 4A7 F8GG?8@8AG F8EI<68F B66HE <A 5BG; 4A47<4A 4A7 /- 7B??4EF  BE8<:A 8K6;4A:8 E<F> <F
     6E84G87J;8AG;86HEE8A6LB9G;8C4L@8AGB5?<:4G<BA<F7<998E8AG9EB@G;8I4?H4G<BA6HEE8A6LB9G;86B??4G8E4?FHCCBEG<A:
     G;4GC4L@8AGB5?<:4G<BA .;<FE<F><F@<G<:4G875L7<F6BHAG<A:G;86B??4G8E4?I4?H8B9F86HE<G<8FJ;8E8G;8F8@<F@4G6;8F
     B66HE 
+*/2?5+*/-6?EFC6I492?86
     .;8B@C4AL<F8KCBF87GB@4E>8GCE<68E<F>BA<GFFHFG4<A<A:F8EI<68FE8I8AH8 J;<6;<F54F87BADHBG87@4E>8GI4?H8F
     B9?<FG87<FFH8EF4F4G868@58EB9G;8CE8I<BHFL84E 
*9@C42?
     -;BE64AFE<F><F?<@<G875LG;8<EFG4GHF4F4A4:8AG <AG;4GG;8L7BABGCHE6;4F8BEF8??F86HE<G<8F9BEG;8<EBJA466BHAG 
     G;8 F;BEG C8E<B7 B9 G<@8 58GJ88A GE478 74G8 4A7 F8GG?8@8AG 74G8  4A7 G;8 7894H?G<A: 6HFGB@8ESF ?<45<?<GL 9BE 4AL
     7<998E8A6858GJ88AG;84@BHAGFE868<I87HCBAF4?8B9 4A7G;84@BHAGC4<7GB46DH<E8 G;8F86HE<G<8F




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report     128 TMX Group Limited                                                 
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

G$2C<6EC:D<D6?D:E:G:EJDF>>2CJ

                                                              92?86:?F?56C=J:?8          >A24E@?:?4@>6
                                                                            724E@C        367@C6:?4@>6E2I6D             >A24E@?6BF:EJ
 @C6:8?4FCC6?4J
 /- /,4A7!*6HEE8A6L                                                                                                  
 /- /,4A7!*6HEE8A6L                                                                                                 

 ?E6C6DEC2E6D
 '4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F                                                                                                       A4
 '4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F                                                                                                        A4
 B@@8E6<4?*4C8E                                                                                          A4                      A4
 B@@8E6<4?*4C8E                                                                                          A4                      A4
 858AGHE8F                                                                                                A4                      A4
 858AGHE8F                                                                                                A4                      A4

 BF:EJAC:46
 *-/F ,-/F4A7-/F                                                                                                       A4
 *-/F ,-/F4A7-/F                                                                                                          A4
 .,-                                                                                                                           A4
 .,-                                                                                                                         A4

# (,  +0) *"
&<DH<7<GLE<F><FG;8E<F>B9?BFF7H8GBG;8<A45<?<GLB9G;8B@C4ALGB@88G<GF BEB9G;8B@C4ALF5BEEBJ8EF 6BHAG8EC4EG<8F 
?84E<A: '8@58EF  BE *4EG<6<C4AGF GB @88G G;8<E B5?<:4G<BAF <A 4 G<@8?L @4AA8E BE 4G E84FBA45?8 CE<68F  .;8 B@C4AL
@4A4:8F?<DH<7<GLE<F>G;EBH:;G;8@4A4:8@8AGB9<GF64F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF4A7@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F 4??B9J;<6;4E8
;8?7<AF;BEG G8E@<AFGEH@8AGF 4A7<GF7858AGHE8F 6E87<G4A7?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F4A7B@@8E6<4?*4C8EABG84A764C<G4?
ABG8 
.;86BAGE46GH4?@4GHE<G<8FB9G;8B@C4ALSF9<A4A6<4??<45<?<G<8F4E84F9B??BJF
 D2E                                                                                                                     646>36C  
                                                                       #6DDE92?J62C    6EH66?2?5J62CD          C62E6CE92?J62CD
 *4EG<6<C4AGFSG4KJ<G;;B?7<A:F                                                                        M                          M
 66EH87<AG8E8FGC4L45?8                                                                                M                           M
 )G;8EGE4784A7BG;8EC4L45?8F                                                                         M                           M
 *EBI<F<BAF                                                                                                                          
 &84F8?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                                               
 4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF4A7?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                       M                           M
 .BG4?E8GHEAFJ4CF                                                                                       R                           M
 B@@8E6<4?*4C8E                                                                   M                      M                           M
 858AGHE8F                                                                         M                                           
%"+2"#&** &((&&(&0&"/." +2"."!5//"0/0%0."."/0.& 0"!#.+)1/"&*0%"+.!&*.5 +1./"+#1/&*"//




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                              2021 Annual Report      129 TMX Group Limited                                                      
                                                                                       %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                     @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

&-  ) *"
.;8)0# C4A78@<6;4F6E84G87F<:A<9<64AGIB?4G<?<GL HA68EG4<AGL4A786BAB@<67<FEHCG<BA J;<6;@4L47I8EF8?L49986G
BHE 5HF<A8FF  9<A4A6<4? 6BA7<G<BA  ?<DH<7<GL  E8FH?GF B9 BC8E4G<BAF 4A7 ?BA: G8E@ 9<A4A6<4? B5=86G<I8F  6BAB@<6  CB?<G<64? 4A7
@4E>8G6BA7<G<BAF64A<@C46GG;8?8I8?B9<A<G<4?CH5?<6B998E<A:F F86BA74EL9<A4A6<A:F @4E>8G64C<G4?<M4G<BAB9BHE<FFH8EF 
GE4AF98E4:8AG4A7GEHFG88F8EI<68F GE47<A:IB?H@8F 8A8E:L74G44A7A8GJBE>6BAA86G<I<GL 6?<8AG;BFG<A:E8I8AH8 4A7F4?8F
B9@4E>8G74G446EBFFBHE@4E>8GF 
.;8B@C4AL;4FJ<GA8FF87;<:;?8I8?FB9IB?4G<?<GLJ;<6; J;8A6BHC?87J<G;CEB?BA:87A8:4G<I886BAB@<66BA7<G<BAF 64A
64HF8 7E4@4G<6 9?H6GH4G<BAF <A GE47<A: IB?H@8F  8DH<GL 9<A4A6<A:F 4A7 78@4A7 9BE @4E>8G 74G4  .;<F 64A ?847 GB F?BJ8E
6B??86G<BAFB9466BHAGFE868<I45?84FJ8??4F<A6E84F876BHAG8EC4EGLE<F>J;<6; <AGHEA 6BH?747I8EF8?L49986GBHE5HF<A8FF 
77<G<BA4??L  <9 G;8 B@C4AL <F E8DH<E87 GB FHFC8A7 GE47<A: 9BE 4 CEB?BA:87 C8E<B7 B9 G<@8 BE F;BEG8A GE47<A: ;BHEF  BHE
5HF<A8FF  BC8E4G<A: E8FH?GF  ?BA: G8E@ 9<A4A6<4? B5=86G<I8F  64F; 9?BJF  BE 9<A4A6<4? 6BA7<G<BA 6BH?7 58 @4G8E<4??L 47I8EF8?L
49986G87 
1;<?8>8L<A<G<4G<I8F6BAG<AH8 FB@86BH?75878?4L87BECBFGCBA87<A789<A<G8?L7H8GB?46>B96?<8AG4I4<?45<?<GL9BE89986G<I8
8A:4:8@8AG 4A7 5HF<A8FF 78I8?BC@8AG  ?G;BH:; G;8 B@C4AL 6BAG<AH8F GB C?4A 4A7 8A:4:8 J<G; A8J 4A7 CEBFC86G<I8
6?<8AGF  G;8<E ?8I8? B9 E847<A8FF 4A7 6B@@<G@8AG <F BHGF<78 B9 BHE 6BAGEB? G;8E89BE8  E8I8AH8F 6BH?7 58 ?BJ8E G;4A
4AG<6<C4G87

%&+L+ ) +%# (,  +0 # + *

.;8B@C4AL<F8KCBF87GB?<DH<7<GLE<F>G;EBH:;<GF6?84E<A:BC8E4G<BAF4A764C<G4?FGEH6GHE8ABG8 .B@4A4:8G;<FE<F> 
G;8B@C4AL;4F4EE4A:87I4E<BHF?<DH<7<GL4A76E87<G946<?<G<8F B@@8E6<4?*4C8E4A77858AGHE8F4F4FBHE68B99<A4A6<A: #9
G;8B@C4AL<FHA45?8GB@88G<GF6BI8A4AGFHA78EG;8GEHFG<A78AGHE8F G;8G8E@FB9G;8B@@8E6<4?*4C8ECEB:E4@BEG;8
6E87<G946<?<G<8F G;8B@C4AL@4L58E8DH<E87GBF88>CBG8AG<4??L?8FF94IBHE45?8FBHE68FB99<A4A6<A:
+
.;8B@C4AL;4FG;89B??BJ<A:785GBHGFG4A7<A:4F4G868@58E
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                      'C:?4:A2=
                                                                                      FE9@C:K65
                                             ?E6C6DEC2E6         $2EFC:EJ52E6D     2>@F?E            2CCJ:?82>@F?E      4EEL<A:4@BHAG

 -8E<8F858AGHE8F                                            )6GB58E                                      
 -8E<8F858AGHE8F                                         868@58E                                         
 -8E<8F858AGHE8F                                               $HA8                                        
 -8E<8F 858AGHE8F                                           85EH4EL                                          R
 636?EFC6D                                                                                                                      


 B@@8E6<4?*4C8E                                           A4                  A4                          M                
 @>>6C4:2='2A6C                                                                                                   M                


                                               @BAG;  
 .'2!EBHC&<@<G876E87<G946<?<GL         &#),  5CF            '4L                            M                   R
 C65:E724:=:EJ                                                                                                    M                   R
 +@E2=563E                                                                                                                       
 &8FF6HEE8AGCBEG<BAB9785G                                                                                      M                
 %@? 4FCC6?E563E                                                                                                               

:636?EFC6D
     .;8B@C4AL@4<AG4<AF7858AGHE8F J;<6;4E87<E86G F8A<BE HAF86HE874A7HAFH5BE7<A4G87B5?<:4G<BAFB9G;8B@C4AL
     4A7 E4A> 8DH4??L J<G; 4?? BG;8E F8A<BE HAF86HE87 4A7 HAFH5BE7<A4G87 <A785G87A8FF  .;8 7858AGHE8F ;4I8 E868<I87 4
     E4G<A:B9;<:;J<G;*BF<G<I8GE8A79EB@,-'BEA<A:FG4E,- 
     )A 85EH4EL     G;8 B@C4AL 6B@C?8G87 4 4A47<4A CE<I4G8 C?468@8AG B998E<A: B9   4::E8:4G8 CE<A6<C4?
     4@BHAG B9 F8A<BE HAF86HE87 7858AGHE8F -8E<8F  858AGHE8F GB 466E87<G87 <AI8FGBEF <A 4A474  .;8 -8E<8F 

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      130 TMX Group Limited                                                      
                                                                                       %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                     @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

    858AGHE8F 4E8 7<E86G F8A<BE HAF86HE87 4A7 HAFH5BE7<A4G87 B5?<:4G<BAF B9 G;8 B@C4AL 4A7 E4A> C4E< C4FFH J<G; 4??
    BG;8EF8A<BEHAF86HE874A7HAFH5BE7<A4G87<A785G87A8FFB9G;8B@C4AL .;8B@C4AL<A6HEE879<A4A6<A:6BFGFB9 
    BAG;8<FFH4A68B9G;8-8E<8F 858AGHE8F 4A7G;8F86BFGF4E8E86B:A<M87<AG;864EEL<A:I4?H8B9G;8858AGHE8F<AG;8
    85G64CG<BAB9G;86BA78AF876BAFB?<74G8754?4A68F;88GHA78EABA 6HEE8AG?<45<?<G<8F4A74@BEG<M87BI8EG;8G8E@B9
    G;8785G
    .;8B@C4AL;4FG;8E<:;G 4G<GFBCG<BA GBE8788@ <AJ;B?8BE<AC4EG 846;B9G;8-8E<8F -8E<8F -8E<8F4A7-8E<8F
      858AGHE8F 4G 4AL G<@8 CE<BE GB G;8<E E8FC86G<I8 @4GHE<G<8F  .;8 E878@CG<BA CE<68 <F 8DH4? GB G;8 :E84G8E B9 G;8
    4CC?<645?84A4743<8?7*E<684F789<A87<AG;8E8?8I4AG#A78AGHE84A7B9G;8CE<A6<C4?4@BHAGB9G;87858AGHE8F
    58<A:E8788@87 GB:8G;8EJ<G;466EH874A7HAC4<7<AG8E8FGGBG;874G89<K879BEE878@CG<BA #9E8788@87BABE49G8EG;8
    74G8G;4G<FG;E88@BAG;FCE<BEGBG;8@4GHE<GL74G89BEG;8-8E<8F -8E<8F4A7-8E<8F BEGJB@BAG;FCE<BEGBG;8
    @4GHE<GL 74G8 9BE G;8 -8E<8F  858AGHE8F  G;8 E878@CG<BA CE<68 <F 8DH4? GB  B9 G;8 4::E8:4G8 CE<A6<C4? 4@BHAG
    BHGFG4A7<A:BAG;8F8E<8F58<A:E8788@87 GB:8G;8EJ<G;466EH874A7HAC4<7<AG8E8FGGBG;874G89<K879BEE878@CG<BA
    .;87858AGHE8F4E864EE<874G4@BEG<M876BFG4A74E8@84FHE87HF<A:G;889986G<I8<AG8E8FGE4G8@8G;B7
     BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4ALE86B:A<M87<AG8E8FG8KC8AF8BA<GF-8E<8F -8E<8F -8E<8F4A7
    -8E<8F 7858AGHE8FB9     4A7  E8FC86G<I8?LQ     4A7A<? E8FC86G<I8?L
::@>>6C4:2=A2A6C
    .;8 B@C4AL ;4F 4 6B@@8E6<4? C4C8E CEB:E4@ GB B998E CBG8AG<4? <AI8FGBEF HC GB    BE G;8 /- 7B??4E 8DH<I4?8AG
    E87H687 9EB@    BE G;8 /- 7B??4E 8DH<I4?8AG  BA CE<?    B9 B@@8E6<4? *4C8E GB 58 <FFH87 <A I4E<BHF
    @4GHE<G<8FB9AB@BE8G;4ABA8L84E4A7584E<A:<AG8E8FGE4G8F54F87BAG;8CE8I4<?<A:@4E>8G6BA7<G<BAF4GG;8G<@8B9
    <FFH4A68
    .;8 B@@8E6<4? *4C8E <FFH87 4E8 HAF86HE87 B5?<:4G<BAF B9 .'2 !EBHC &<@<G87 4A7 E4A> 8DH4??L J<G; 4?? BG;8E F8A<BE
    HAF86HE87B5?<:4G<BAFB9G;8B@C4AL .;8B@@8E6<4?*4C8E;4F588A4FF<:A874E4G<A:B9, ?BJJ<G;*BF<G<I8GE8A7
    5L,-
    .;8B@@8E6<4?*4C8E<F64EE<874G4@BEG<M876BFG4A7@84FHE87HF<A:G;889986G<I8<AG8E8FGE4G8@8G;B7 
    HE<A:G;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4AL<FFH87B@@8E6<4?*4C8EJ<G;46H@H?4G<I84@BHAGB9  
    4G<AG8E8FGE4G8FE4A:<A:9EB@ GB Q  4G<AG8E8FGE4G8FE4A:<A:9EB@ GB  HE<A:G;8
    F4@8C8E<B7 G;8B@C4ALE8C4<7B@@8E6<4?*4C8EJ<G;46H@H?4G<I84@BHAGB9  4G<AG8E8FGE4G8FE4A:<A:9EB@
     GB Q  4G<AG8E8FGE4G8FE4A:<A:9EB@ GB  
:::+$/C@FA#:>:E654C65:E724:=:EJ
    .;8B@C4AL;4F8AG8E87<AGB46E87<G4:E88@8AGG;8T.'2!EBHC&<@<G876E87<G946<?<GLUJ<G;4FLA7<64G8B9?8A78EFGB
    CEBI<78  546>FGBC GB G;8 6B@@8E6<4? C4C8E CEB:E4@ 4F J8?? 4F 9BE :8A8E4? 6BECBE4G8 CHECBF8F  .;8 6E87<G
    4:E88@8AG <F GB @<G<:4G8 G;8 B@C4ALF 8KCBFHE8 GB FC86<9<6 ?<DH<7<GL E<F> F;BH?7 <G 58 HA45?8 GB 5BEEBJ HA78E 4 A8J
    B@@8E6<4? *4C8E <FFH4A68 <A BE78E GB C4L 9BE B@@8E6<4? *4C8E G;4G <F 6B@<A: 7H8 5864HF8 B9 4 ?46> B9 ?<DH<7<GL BE
    78@4A79BEG;8B@C4ALFB@@8E6<4?*4C8E<AG;8@4E>8G 
    .;8 4@BHAG 4I4<?45?8 GB 58 7E4JA HA78E G;8 .'2 !EBHC &<@<G87 6E87<G 946<?<GL <F ?<@<G87 GB   786E84F87 9EB@
     BACE<? ?8FFG;84::E8:4G84@BHAGB9<B@@8E6<4?*4C8EBHGFG4A7<A:868@58E QA<?4A7
    <<<AG8E 6B@C4ALABG8FC4L45?8GB-?84E<A:  -&<@<G874A7-;BE64AEB>8EF&<@<G87868@58E Q
      .;8946<?<GL8KC<E8FBA'4L 
    '2 ;4F 4A BHGFG4A7<A: ?8GG8E B9 :H4E4AG88 9BE   <FFH87 4:4<AFG G;8 .'2 !EBHC &<@<G87 6E87<G 946<?<GL  .;<F ?8GG8E B9
    :H4E4AG88;4F588A<FFH874F4:H4E4AG88GBG;8GEHFG88HA78EG;8'2FHCC?8@8AG4ELC8AF<BAC?4A<AE8FC86GB9466EH87
    9HGHE88@C?BL8858A89<GFABG8




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      131 TMX Group Limited                                                   
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

&+)) +%# (,  +0 # + *
.;8B@C4AL;4FG;89B??BJ<A:BG;8E6E87<G4A7?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F7E4JA4A7BHGFG4A7<A:4G868@58E
                                                                                                                                   
                                             ?E6C6DEC2E6    $2EFC:EJ52E6D       FE9@C:K65       2CCJ:?82>@F?E      4EEL<A:4@BHAG
   -&<@<G87BC8E4G<A:78@4A7?B4A                     Q                A4                                 M                  R
   -?84E<A:HAF86HE87BI8E7E49G                      Q                A4                                 M                  R
   -?84E<A:BC8E4G<A:78@4A7?B4A                     Q                 A4                              M                    R
   -?84E<A:F86HE87FG4A75L?<DH<7<GL
   946<?<GL                                               Q    '4E6;                               M                    R
   -?84E<A:BI8EA<:;G?B4A946<?<GL                   Q               A4            /-                    M                    R
   -?84E<A:F86HE87FG4A75L?<DH<7<GL
   946<?<GL                                              Q     '4E6;           /-                    M                    R
   FLA7<64G87E8IB?I<A:FG4A75L
   ?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL                                    Q   85EH4EL                                                   
   74L?<:;G?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F                    Q                 A4                              M                    R
   FLA7<64G87,*)946<?<GL                         Q    85EH4EL                             M                    R
   -;BE64ABI8E7E49G946<?<GL                            Q                 A4                               M                    R
 +@E2=4C65:E2?5=:BF:5:EJ724:=:E:6D                                                                                              
%"&*0"."/0.0" %.$"!+*+..+3&*$/1*!".0%" ."!&0*!(&-1&!&05# &(&0&"/2.5/0%" 01(.0"3&(("/"!+*0%"
,."2&(&*$).'"0.0"/00%"0&)"+#!.3
:*724:=:E:6D
     - @4<AG4<AF HAF86HE87 BC8E4G<A: 78@4A7 ?B4AF GBG4?<A:   GB FHCCBEG F;BEG G8E@ BC8E4G<A: E8DH<E8@8AGF  .B
     FHCCBEGCEB68FF<A:4A7F8GG?8@8AG46G<I<G<8FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF 4AHAF86HE87BI8E7E49G946<?<GLB9  78@4A7?B4AB9 
     4A74ABI8EA<:;G946<?<GLB9/- 4E84I4<?45?8 .;85BEEBJ<A:E4G8F9BEG;8F8946<?<G<8F <97E4JA 4E8G;84A47<4ACE<@8
     BEG;8/-54F8E4G8 78C8A7<A:BAG;86HEE8A6L7E4JA 
     -?84E<A:@4<AG4<AF4F86HE87FG4A75L?<DH<7<GL946<?<GLB9/-  BE4A47<4A7B??4E8DH<I4?8AG G;4G64A587E4JA
     <A8<G;8E/A<G87-G4G8FBE4A47<4A6HEE8A6L )A'4E6;  -?84E<A:8KG8A787G;8@4GHE<GL74G8GB'4E6; 
      .;8946<?<GL<F4I4<?45?8GBFHCCBEGCEB68FF<A:4A7F8GG?8@8AG46G<I<G<8F<AG;88I8AGB94*4EG<6<C4AG7894H?GJ<G;G;8
     (8J 3BE> &<A> -8EI<68 4A7 .;8 8CBF<GBEL .EHFG B@C4AL <E86G &<A> -8EI<68  .;8 946<?<GL J<?? 4??BJ G;8 B@C4AL GB
     <A6E84F8G;84@BHAG4I4<?45?85L4A477<G<BA4?/- BE4A47<4A8DH<I4?8AG J<G;4CCEBI4?B9G;8?8A78EF BEEBJ<A:F
     HA78EG;8F86HE87946<?<GL4E8B5G4<A875LC?87:<A:BECEBI<7<A:6B??4G8E4?C?87:875L*4EG<6<C4AGFCE<@4E<?L<AG;89BE@B9
     785G <AFGEH@8AGF <FFH87 BE :H4E4AG887 5L 9878E4?  CEBI<A6<4? 4A7BE @HA<6<C4? :BI8EA@8AGF <A 4A474  BE /- GE84FHEL
     <AFGEH@8AGF 4A7 8DH<GL <AFGEH@8AGF  8C8A7<A: HCBA G;8 6HEE8A6L 7E4JA  G;8 5BEEBJ<A: E4G8 9BE G;8 F86HE87 FG4A75L
     ?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL<FG;8/-54F8E4G8C?HF5CFBEG;84A47<4ACE<@8E4G8C?HF5CF
     -?84E<A:4?FB;4F4F86HE87FG4A75L?<DH<7<GL946<?<GLB9  BE/-8DH<I4?8AG G;4G64A587E4JA<A8<G;8E4A47<4A
     BE /- 6HEE8A6L  )A '4E6;     - ?84E<A: 8KG8A787 G;8 @4GHE<GL 74G8 GB '4E6;     .;<F 4EE4A:8@8AG <F
     4I4<?45?8 GB FHCCBEG F8GG?8@8AG 46G<I<G<8F <A G;8 8I8AG B9 4 *4EG<6<C4AG 7894H?G J<G; - ?84E<A:SF BAG<AHBHF (8G
     -8GG?8@8AG F8EI<68  .;8 946<?<GL J<?? 4??BJ G;8 B@C4AL GB <A6E84F8 G;8 4@BHAG 4I4<?45?8 5L 4A 477<G<BA4?   BE /-
     8DH<I4?8AG  J<G; 4CCEBI4? B9 G;8 ?8A78EF  BEEBJ<A:F HA78E G;8 F86HE87 946<?<GL 4E8 B5G4<A87 5L C?87:<A: BE CEBI<7<A:
     6B??4G8E4? C?87:87 5L *4EG<6<C4AGF CE<@4E<?L <A G;8 9BE@ B9 785G 4A7 8DH<GL <AFGEH@8AGF  8C8A7<A: HCBA G;8 6HEE8A6L
     7E4JA G;85BEEBJ<A:E4G89BEG;8F86HE87FG4A75L?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL<FG;84A47<4ACE<@8E4G8C?HF5CFBEG;8/-54F8
     E4G8C?HF5CF
     #A477<G<BA -;4FF<:A874:E88@8AGFG;4GJBH?74??BJG;84A>B94A474GBCEBI<788@8E:8A6L?4FG E8FBEG?<DH<7<GLGB
     -4GG;87<F6E8G<BAB9G;84A>B94A474 .;<F?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL<F<AG8A787GBCEBI<788A7B974L?<DH<7<GL9BEC4L@8AG
     B5?<:4G<BAF 4E<F<A: 9EB@ -2  4A7 BA?L <A G;8 8I8AG G;4G - ?84E<A: <F HA45?8 GB 4668FF ?<DH<7<GL 9EB@ <GF FG4A75L
     ?<DH<7<GL946<?<GLBE<AG;88I8AGG;4GG;8?<DH<7<GLHA78EFH6;946<?<G<8F<F<AFH99<6<8AG /F8B9G;<F946<?<GLJBH?758BA49H??L
     6B??4G8E4?<M8754F<F
::724:=:E:6D
     @4<AG4<AF74L?<:;G?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F9BE4GBG4?B9 GBCEBI<78?<DH<7<GLBAG;854F<FB96B??4G8E4?<AG;89BE@B9
     F86HE<G<8FG;4G;4I8588AE868<I875L BEC?87:87GB  .;874L?<:;G?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F@HFG586?84E87GBM8EB4GG;8
     8A7B9846;74L


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      132 TMX Group Limited                                                  
                                                                                       %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                     @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

     @4<AG4<AF4  ,*)HA6B@@<GG87946<?<GL868@58E    G;4G<F<AC?468GBCEBI<788A7B9
     74L?<DH<7<GL<AG;88I8AGG;4G<FHA45?8GB6?84EG;874L?<:;G?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8FGBM8EB )A 85EH4EL  
     8KG8A787G;<F946<?<GLGB 85EH4EL  .;8946<?<GLJBH?7CEBI<78?<DH<7<GL<A8K6;4A:89BEF86HE<G<8FG;4G;4I8588A
     E868<I875L BEC?87:87GB  
     4?FB@4<AG4<AF4 FLA7<64G87E8IB?I<A:FG4A75L?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL868@58E   GBCEBI<788A7
     B974L?<DH<7<GL<AG;88I8AGG;4G<FHA45?8GB6?84EG;874L?<:;G?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8FGBM8EB 7I4A68FHA78EG;8946<?<GL
     4E8F86HE875L6B??4G8E4?<AG;89BE@B9F86HE<G<8FG;4G;4I8588AE868<I875L BEC?87:87GB  .;85BEEBJ<A:E4G8BA
     G;<F946<?<GL<FCE<@8E4G8?8FF  )A 85EH4EL  8KG8A787G;<F946<?<GLGB 85EH4EL 4A7BA$HA8
       E87H687G;<F946<?<GL9EB@ GB 
     F4G868@58E  ;477E4JA GB946<?<G4G8494<?87,*)F8GG?8@8AG .;84@BHAG<F9H??L6B??4G8E4?<M87
     5L?<DH<7F86HE<G<8F<A6?H787<A64F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF4A7J4F9H??LE8C4<7FH5F8DH8AGGBG;8E8CBEG<A:74G8 
     #A 477<G<BA   ;4F F<:A87 4A 4:E88@8AG G;4G JBH?7 4??BJ G;8 4A> B9 4A474 GB CEBI<78 8@8E:8A6L ?4FG E8FBEG
     ?<DH<7<GLGB4GG;87<F6E8G<BAB9G;84A>B94A474 .;<F?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL<F<AG8A787GBCEBI<788A7B974L?<DH<7<GL
     BA?L<AG;88I8AGG;4G<FHA45?8GB4668FF?<DH<7<GL9EB@G;8E8IB?I<A:FG4A75L?<DH<7<GL946<?<GL4A7G;8FLA7<64G87
     ,*)946<?<GLBE<AG;88I8AGG;4GG;8?<DH<7<GLHA78EFH6;946<?<G<8F<F<AFH99<6<8AG /F8B9G;<F946<?<GLJBH?758BA49H??L
     6B??4G8E4?<M8754F<F 
:::*9@C42?724:=:EJ
     -;BE64A@4<AG4<AF4ABI8E7E49G946<?<GLJ<G;4@4=BE6;4EG8E8754A>GBCEBI<788A7B974L?<DH<7<GLGB6BI8E4ALF;BEG94??F
     7H8GBG<@<A:B9C4L@8AGF4A7E868<CGF4FFB6<4G87J<G;G;85EB>8E4:8B9GE478F /F8B9G;<F946<?<GL<FF86HE875L6B??4G8E4?
     <AG;89BE@B9F86HE<G<8F
:G+$/C@FA#:>:E65*FAA@CE8C66>6?E
     #A6B@C?<4A68J<G;G;8*E<A6<C?8F9BE <A4A6<4?'4E>8G#A9E4FGEH6GHE8F4A7477<G<BA4?4A47<4AE8:H?4GBEL4A7BI8EF<:;G
     :H<74A68 -?84E<A:4A7846;;4I847BCG874E86BI8ELC?4A GB584CC?<87<AG;88I8AGG;4GG;88AG<GL<FHA45?8
     GB CEBI<78 789<A87 6E<G<64? BC8E4G<BAF 4A7 F8EI<68F 4F 4 :B<A: 6BA68EA  .;8F8 E86BI8EL C?4AF J8E8 9<?87 J<G; G;8<E
     E8FC86G<I8 4A47<4A E8:H?4GBEF  #A 6BAA86G<BA J<G; G;8 E86BI8EL C?4AF  4A7 <9 68EG4<A 9HA7<A: 6BA7<G<BAF 4E8 @8G  .'2
     !EBHC&<@<G87<FGBCEBI<7868EG4<A?<@<G879<A4A6<4?FHCCBEGGB-?84E<A:4A7 <9A868FF4EL <AG;86BAG8KGB94
     E86BI8EL 
)&% # + &%&#  # + *) * %)&$ %% %+ - + *
.;8G45?858?BJ78G4<?F6;4A:8F<AG;8B@C4ALF?<45<?<G<8F4E<F<A:9EB@9<A4A6<A:46G<I<G<8F <A6?H7<A:5BG;64F;4A7ABA 64F;
6;4A:8F &<45<?<G<8F4E<F<A:9EB@9<A4A6<A:46G<I<G<8F4E8G;BF89BEJ;<6;64F;9?BJFJ8E8 BE9HGHE864F;9?BJFJ<??58 6?4FF<9<87
<AG;8B@C4ALF6BAFB?<74G87FG4G8@8AGB964F;9?BJF9EB@9<A4A6<A:46G<I<G<8F

                                                                                DJ?5:42E65
                                                            @>>6C4:2=        C6G@=G:?8DE2?53J
                                         636?EFC6D             '2A6C               =:BF:5724:=:EJ      #62D6=:23:=:E:6D          +@E2=
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                              
  <A4A6<A:64F;9?BJF                            R                                                            
 )G;8EABA 64F;                                                R                       R                                
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                             
 :?2?4:?842D97=@HD                                                                                     
 &E96C?@? 42D9                                                R                       R                              
 2=2?462E646>36C                                  R                                               




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                           2021 Annual Report     133 TMX Group Limited                                                    
                                                                                    %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                  @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

%&+L' +#$ %+%%

.;8B@C4ALSFCE<@4ELB5=86G<I8F<A@4A4:<A:64C<G4? J;<6;<G789<A8F4F<A6?H7<A:<GF64F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF @4E>8G45?8
F86HE<G<8F F;4E864C<G4? 7858AGHE8F 6B@@8E6<4?C4C8E 4A7I4E<BHF6E87<G946<?<G<8F <A6?H78
V   '4<AG4<A<A:FH99<6<8AG64C<G4?9BEBC8E4G<BAFGB8AFHE8@4E>8G6BA9<78A684A7GB@88GE8:H?4GBELE8DH<E8@8AGF4A7
    I4E<BHF946<?<GLE8DH<E8@8AGF HEE8AG?L G;8B@C4ALG4E:8GFGBE8G4<A4@<A<@H@B9 <A64F; 64F;8DH<I4?8AGF4A7
    @4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F .;<F4@BHAG<FFH5=86GGB6;4A:8
V   '4<AG4<A<A: 4 6E87<G E4G<A: <A 4 E4A:8 6BAF<FG8AG J<G; G;8 B@C4ALSF 6HEE8AG  ;<:; 4A7 , ?BJ 6E87<G E4G<A:F 9EB@
    ,-
V   /F<A:8K68FF64F;GB<AI8FG<A4A76BAG<AH8GB:EBJG;85HF<A8FF
V   ,8GHEA<A: 64C<G4? GB F;4E8;B?78EF G;EBH:; @8G;B7F FH6; 4F 7<I<78A7F C4<7 GB F;4E8;B?78EF 4A7 CHE6;4F<A: F;4E8F 9BE
    64A68??4G<BACHEFH4AGGBABE@4?6BHEF8<FFH8E5<7F4A7
V   ,87H6<A:G;8785G?8I8?FGB5858?BJG;8GBG4??8I8E4:8E4G<BF4F7<F6HFF87<A458?BJ J;<6;786E84F8BI8EG<@8
.;8B@C4AL4<@FGB46;<8I8G;845BI8B5=86G<I8FJ;<?8@4A4:<A:<GF64C<G4?FH5=86GGB64C<G4?@4<AG8A4A68E8DH<E8@8AGF
<@CBF87BAG;8B@C4AL4A768EG4<AFH5F<7<4E<8F4F9B??BJF
4   #AE8FC86GB9G;8.'2!EBHC&<@<G876E87<G946<?<GLABG8G;4GE8DH<E8G;8B@C4ALGB@4<AG4<A
        <    4A<AG8E8FG6BI8E4:8E4G<BB9@BE8G;4A 
       <<    4GBG4??8I8E4:8E4G<BB9ABG@BE8G;4A 
5   #AE8FC86GB9846;B9.-24A7?C;4K6;4A:8#A6 GB@4<AG4<AG;89B??BJ<A:E8DH<E8@8AGF BA5BG;46BAFB?<74G874A7
    ABA 6BAFB?<74G87 54F<F  4F F8G BHG <A G;8 4@8A787 4A7 E8FG4G87 E86B:A<G<BA BE78E <FFH87 5L G;8 )AG4E<B -86HE<G<8F
    B@@<FF<BA)-89986G<I8-8CG8@58E
        <    @4<AG4<AFH99<6<8AG9<A4A6<4?E8FBHE68F9BEG;8CEBC8EC8E9BE@4A68B9<GF9HA6G<BAF4A7GB@88G<GF
             E8FCBAF<5<?<G<8F4A7
       <<    64?6H?4G8BA4@BAG;?L54F<F
                      V 46HEE8AGE4G<B
                      V 4785GGB64F;9?BJE4G<B4A7
                      V 49<A4A6<4??8I8E4:8E4G<B
6   #AE8FC86GB9.-208AGHE8K6;4A:8#A6 4FE8DH<E875L68EG4<ACEBI<A6<4?F86HE<G<8F6B@@<FF<BAF GB@4<AG4<AFH99<6<8AG
    9<A4A6<4?E8FBHE68FGBC8E9BE@<GF9HA6G<BAF
7   #AE8FC86GB9'2 GB@4<AG4<AG;89B??BJ<A:9<A4A6<4?E4G<BF4FF8GBHG<AG;8E86B:A<G<BABE78E<FFH875LG;8' 
        <    4JBE><A:64C<G4?E4G<BB9@BE8G;4A 
       <<    464F;9?BJGBGBG4?785GBHGFG4A7<A:E4G<BB9@BE8G;4A4A7
      <<<    49<A4A6<4??8I8E4:8E4G<BB9?8FFG;4A 
8   #AE8FC86GB9 GB@4<AG4<A68EG4<A4@BHAGF 4F9B??BJF
       <     @4<AG4<AFH99<6<8AG9<A4A6<4?E8FBHE68F4FE8DH<E875LG;8)-4A7' 
       <<     64F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGFBE@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F4FC4EGB9G;8?84E<A:'8@58E7894H?GE86BI8ELCEB68FF
             C?HF4A477<G<BA4? <AG;88I8AGG;4GG;8<A<G<4? <F9H??LHG<?<M877HE<A:47894H?G
      <<<    FH99<6<8AG64F; 64F;8DH<I4?8AGF4A7@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8FGB6BI8E@BAG;FB9BC8E4G<A:8KC8AF8F 8K6?H7<A:
             4@BEG<M4G<BA4A778CE86<4G<BA4A7
      <I      GBG4?F;4E8;B?78EF8DH<GL
9   #AE8FC86GB9-4A7-?84E<A: 4FE8DH<E875LG;8)-4A7G;8' GB@4<AG4<A68EG4<A9<A4A6<4?E4G<BF4F789<A87<A
    G;8)-E86B:A<G<BABE78E 4F9B??BJF
       <     4785GGB64F;9?BJE4G<BB9?8FFG;4ABE8DH4?GB4A7
       <<    49<A4A6<4??8I8E4:8E4G<BB9?8FFG;4ABE8DH4?GB
    #A477<G<BA G;8)-E8DH<E8F-4A7-?84E<A:GB@4<AG4<AJBE><A:64C<G4?GB6BI8E@BAG;FB9BC8E4G<A:8KC8AF8F
    8K6?H7<A: <AG;864F8B9- G;84@BHAGB9F;4E87F8EI<68F988F6;4E:87GB-?84E<A:
    -<FE8DH<E87GB787<64G84CBEG<BAB9<GFBJAE8FBHE68F<AG;8(-7894H?GJ4G8E94??9BEG;8(-9HA6G<BA -@4<AG4<AF
     <A64F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGFBE@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8FGB6BI8ECBG8AG<4??BFF8F<A6HEE874F4E8FH?GB94*4EG<6<C4AG
    7894H?G

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                           2021 Annual Report     134 TMX Group Limited                                                 
                                                                                        %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                      @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

:    #AE8FC86GB9-;BE64A
        <      5L##,)J;<6;E8DH<E8F-;BE64AGB@4<AG4<A4@<A<@H@?8I8?B9F;4E8;B?78EFS8DH<GLB9 
        <<     5LG;8(4G<BA4? HGHE8FFFB6<4G<BAJ;<6;E8DH<E8F-;BE64AGB@4<AG4<A4@<A<@H@?8I8?B9A8G64C<G4?4A7
       <<<     5L4CC?<645?84A47<4AF86HE<G<8F6B@@<FF<BAF J;<6;E8DH<E8-;BE64AGB@4<AG4<A4@<A<@H@?8I8?B98K68FF
               JBE><A:64C<G4?
; #AE8FC86GB9.-2.EHFG
        <      4F E8DH<E87 5L G;8 )99<68 B9 G;8 -HC8E<AG8A78AG B9 <A4A6<4? #AFG<GHG<BAF  GB @4<AG4<A G;8 9B??BJ<A: @<A<@H@
               64C<G4?E4G<BF
                     6B@@BA8DH<GLG<8E64C<G4?E4G<BB9
                     G<8E64C<G4?E4G<BB9 4A7
                     GBG4?64C<G4?E4G<BB9 
        <<     4FE8DH<E875L##,) GB@4<AG4<A<A8K68FFB9 B9C4<7HC64C<G4?4A7FHEC?HFBAG;8?4FG4H7<G8754?4A68
               F;88G9BEG;84668CG45?8<AFG<GHG<BA78F<:A4G<BA
F4G868@58E 4A7 G;8B@C4AL6B@C?<87J<G;846;B9G;88KG8EA4??L<@CBF8764C<G4?E8DH<E8@8AGF<A89986G
4GG;84CC?<645?8C8E<B7 8A7 

%&+L %% # %*+),$%+*

 <A4A6<4?4FF8GF4E8E86B:A<M87BAG;8GE47874G84GJ;<6;G;8B@C4AL586B@8F4C4EGLGBG;86BAGE46GH4?CEBI<F<BAFB9G;8
<AFGEH@8AG  <A4A6<4?4FF8GF4E8:8A8E4??L78E86B:A<M87J;8AG;86BAGE46GH4?E<:;GFGBG;864F;9?BJF9EB@G;84FF8GF8KC<E8 
BE J;8A G;8 B@C4AL GE4AF98EF G;8 E<:;GF GB E868<I8 G;8 6BAGE46GH4? 64F; 9?BJF BA G;8 9<A4A6<4? 4FF8GF GB 4ABG;8E C4EGL
J<G;BHGE8G4<A<A:FH5FG4AG<4??L4??G;8E<F>F4A7E8J4E7FB9BJA8EF;<CB9G;89<A4A6<4?4FF8GF 
 <A4A6<4? ?<45<?<G<8F 4E8 <A<G<4??L E86B:A<M87 BA G;8 GE478 74G8 4G J;<6; G;8 B@C4AL 586B@8F 4 C4EGL GB G;8 6BAGE46GH4?
CEBI<F<BAFB9G;8<AFGEH@8AG .;8B@C4AL78E86B:A<M8F49<A4A6<4??<45<?<GLJ;8A<GF6BAGE46GH4?B5?<:4G<BAF4E87<F6;4E:87 
64A68??87BE8KC<E87  <A4A6<4??<45<?<G<8F4E8E86B:A<M87<A<G<4??L4G94<EI4?H8C?HF4AL7<E86G?L4GGE<5HG45?8GE4AF46G<BA6BFGF 
-H5F8DH8AGGB<A<G<4?E86B:A<G<BAG;8F89<A4A6<4??<45<?<G<8F4E8@84FHE874G4@BEG<M876BFGHF<A:G;889986G<I8<AG8E8FG@8G;B7 
 <A4A6<4? 4FF8GF 4A7 ?<45<?<G<8F 4E8 B99F8G 4A7 G;8 A8G 4@BHAG CE8F8AG87 <A G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 54?4A68 F;88G BA?L J;8A G;8
B@C4AL;4F46HEE8AG?8:4?E<:;GGBB99F8GG;84@BHAGF4A7<AG8A7F8<G;8EGBF8GG?8BA4A8G54F<FBEGBE84?<M8G;84FF8G4A7
F8GG?8G;8?<45<?<GLF<@H?G4A8BHF?L
8E<I4G<I8F4E8E86B:A<M87<A<G<4??L4G94<EI4?H8 -H5F8DH8AGGB<A<G<4?E86B:A<G<BA 78E<I4G<I8F4E8@84FHE874G94<EI4?H8 4A7
6;4A:8FG;8E8<A4E8466BHAG879BE4F78F6E<58758?BJ 
.;8B@C4AL;B?7FGBG4?E8GHEAFJ4CFJ;<6; J;<?8CEBI<7<A:4C4EG<4?86BAB@<6;87:84:4<AFG<GFF;4E8CE<688KCBFHE8BA<GF
64F; F8GG?87F;4E8 54F876B@C8AF4G<BAC?4AFABG8 4E8ABG78F<:A4G874F;87:8F9BE466BHAG<A:CHECBF8F FFH6; G;8F8
78E<I4G<I8F 4E8 E86B:A<M87 4G 94<E I4?H8 5BG; <A<G<4??L 4A7 FH5F8DH8AG?L  J<G; 6;4A:8F <A G;8 94<E I4?H8 E86B:A<M87 <A G;8
6BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG
#**  + &%%$*,)$%+
 <A4A6<4? 4FF8GF 4A7 ?<45<?<G<8F 4E8 6?4FF<9<87 4F 94<E I4?H8 G;EBH:; CEB9<G 4A7 ?BFF  0.*&  4@BEG<M87 6BFG  BE 94<E I4?H8
G;EBH:;BG;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@8 0.)# .;8B@C4AL;4F8K8E6<F87=H7:8@8AG<A<GF4FF8FF@8AGB9G;85HF<A8FF
@B78? J<G;<A J;<6; G;8 4FF8GF 4E8 ;8?7 4A7 <A <GF 4FF8FF@8AG B9 J;8G;8E G;8 6BAGE46GH4? G8E@F B9 G;8 9<A4A6<4? 4FF8GF 4E8
FB?8?L C4L@8AGF B9 CE<A6<C4? 4A7 <AG8E8FG BA G;8 CE<A6<C4? 4@BHAGF BHGFG4A7<A: GB 78G8E@<A8 G;8 6?4FF<9<64G<BA B9 9<A4A6<4?
4FF8GF
.;8 B@C4AL 6?4FF<9<8F <GF ABA 78E<I4G<I8 9<A4A6<4? 4FF8GF <A G;8 9B??BJ<A: 64G8:BE<8F  78C8A7<A: BA G;8 CHECBF8 9BE J;<6;
G;8LJ8E846DH<E87
V     <A4A6<4?4FF8GF4G 0.*&4E8@84FHE874G94<EI4?H84GG;88A7B9846;E8CBEG<A:C8E<B7 J<G;4AL94<EI4?H8:4<AFBE?BFF8F
     E86B:A<M87<ACEB9<GBE?BFF .;8A8G:4<ABE?BFFE86B:A<M87<ACEB9<GBE?BFF<A6?H78F4AL7<I<78A7BE<AG8E8FG84EA87BA
     G;89<A4A6<4?4FF8G4A7<FCE8F8AG874F9<A4A68<A6B@8BE6BFG<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG
V     <A4A6<4?4FF8GF64EE<874G4@BEG<M876BFG @BEG<M876BFG<FG;84@BHAG4GJ;<6;G;89<A4A6<4?4FF8G<F@84FHE874G<A<G<4?
     E86B:A<G<BA@<AHFG;8CE<A6<C4?E8C4L@8AGF 47=HFG879BEG;86H@H?4G<I84@BEG<M4G<BAHF<A:G;889986G<I8<AG8E8FG@8G;B7
     B94AL7<998E8A6858GJ88AG;4G<A<G<4?4@BHAG4A7G;8@4GHE<GL4@BHAG 47=HFG879BE4AL?BFF4??BJ4A68 )AG;8BG;8E


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report      135 TMX Group Limited                                                    
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

     ;4A7 G;8:EBFF64EEL<A:4@BHAGB949<A4A6<4?4FF8G<FG;84@BEG<M876BFGB949<A4A6<4?4FF8G589BE847=HFG<A:9BE4AL?BFF
     4??BJ4A68 
.;8 6?4FF<9<64G<BA B9 G;8 B@C4ALSF 9<A4A6<4? <AFGEH@8AGF  4?BA: J<G; G;8<E 64EEL<A: 4@BHAGF 4A7 94<E I4?H8F 4E8 4F 9B??BJF
                                                                                     646>36C                                 868@58E 
                                                                             2CCJ:?8                      2:C           4EEL<A:               4<E
                                                                             2>@F?E                        G2=F6            4@BHAG               I4?H8
 DD6ED2E72:CG2=F6E9C@F89AC@7:E@C=@DD
 '4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                   

 DD6ED2E2>@CE:K654@DE
 4F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF                                                                                                     
 ,8FGE<6G8764F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF                                                                                              
 .E4784A7BG;8EE868<I45?8F                                                                                                   
 *EB@<FFBELABG8                                                                  M                       M                                
 ?84E<A:'8@58EF64F;6B??4G8E4?                                                                                          
 4?4A68FB9?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                              
 4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF                                                                                                
                                                                                                                         

 #:23:=:E:6D2E72:CG2=F6E9C@F89AC@7:E@C=@DD
 .BG4?E8GHEAFJ4CF                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                  

 #:23:=:E:6D2E2>@CE:K654@DE
 )G;8EGE4784A7BG;8EC4L45?8F                                                                                             
 66EH87<AG8E8FGC4L45?8                                                                                                       
 *4EG<6<C4AGFSG4KJ<G;;B?7<A:F                                                                                             
 ?84E<A:'8@58EF64F;6B??4G8E4?                                                                                   
 4?4A68FB9?84E<A:'8@58EF                                                                                       
 4?4A68FB9*4EG<6<C4AGF                                                                                         
 E87<G4A7?<DH<7<GL946<?<G<8F7E4JA                                                                                            
 B@@8E6<4?*4C8E                                                                 M                        M                        
 858AGHE8F                                                                                                             
                                                                                                            

.;864EEL<A:4@BHAGB9G;8B@C4ALSF9<A4A6<4?<AFGEH@8AGF4CCEBK<@4G8G;8<E94<EI4?H8F4G846;E8CBEG<A:74G8 J<G;G;8
8K68CG<BA B9 G;8 7858AGHE8F  .;8 94<E I4?H8F B9 G;8 7858AGHE8F J8E8 B5G4<A87 HF<A: &8I8?  B5F8EI45?8 @4E>8G CE<68F 4F
<ACHGF
 )-#,$*,)$%+
.;864G8:BE<8FJ<G;<AG;894<EI4?H8;<8E4E6;LB9G;8B@C4ALSF9<A4A6<4?<AFGEH@8AGF64EE<874G94<EI4?H84E84F9B??BJF

 D2E                                                                                                                               646>36C  
 DD6E #:23:=:EJ                                            #6G6=                 #6G6=                           #6G6=                   +@E2=
 $2C<6E23=6D64FC:E:6D                                                                M                          M                   
 +@E2=C6EFC?DH2AD                                             M
                                                                  M                       M
                                                                                                                       M
                                                                                                                            M                    M
                                                                                                                                                     


 F4G                                                                                                                            868@58E 
 FF8G&<45<?<GL                                            &8I8?                 &8I8?                           &8I8?                .BG4?
 '4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F                                                                R                          R                
 .BG4?E8GHEAFJ4CF                                              R                                                 R                     

.;8E8J8E8ABGE4AF98EF7HE<A:G;8C8E<B7F58GJ88A4ALB9G;8?8I8?F



.'2!,)/*&#'#.                               2021 Annual Report   136 TMX Group Limited                                                                
                                                                                     %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                   @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

%&+L*%*(, -#%+* )*+) +*%*(, -#%+*%$)"+#*,) + *

*%*(, -#%+*%)*+) +*%*(, -#%+*
4F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF 4A7E8FGE<6G8764F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF4E86B@CE<F87B9
 D2E                                                                                             646>36C         868@58E 

 4F;                                                                                                                         
 .8E@4A7BG;8E78CBF<GF                                                                                                          
 .E84FHEL5<??F                                                                                                                  
 ,8:H?4GBELFHEC?HF                                                                                                                 
 2D92?542D96BF:G2=6?ED                                                                                                    

 ,8FGE<6G8764F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGFQ-?84E<A:                                                                              
 )6DEC:4E6542D92?542D96BF:G2=6?ED                                                                                           

4F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF6BAF<FGB964F;4A7;<:;?L?<DH<7<AI8FG@8AGF;4I<A:4ABE<:<A4?@4GHE<GLB9G;E88@BAG;FBE?8FF
4A74?FB<A6?H78E8FGE<6G8764F; '2BC8E4G8F4F8C4E4G8E8:H?4GBEL7<I<F<BA E8FCBAF<5?89BEG;84CCEBI4?B9C4EG<6<C4AGF4A7
@4E>8GE8:H?4G<BA J;<6;BC8E4G8FBA46BFGE86BI8EL54F<F .;8FHEC?HFB9G;<FE8:H?4GBEL7<I<F<BA;4F4A8DH<I4?8AG4A7B99
F8GG<A:4@BHAG<A6?H787<AGE4784A7BG;8EC4L45?8F
,8FGE<6G8764F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF6BAG4<AFG4KJ<G;;8?75L-?84E<A:BA8AG<G?8@8AGC4L@8AGF@4785L-?84E<A:BA
58;4?9B9-?84E<A:*4EG<6<C4AGF .;8E8FGE<6G8764F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGFE8?4G87GBG;<FJ<G;;8?7G4K<FH?G<@4G8?LHA78E
G;86BAGEB?B9-?84E<A:;BJ8I8E G;84@BHAG<FC4L45?8GBI4E<BHFG4K4G<BA4HG;BE<G<8FJ<G;<A4E8?4G<I8?LF;BEGC8E<B7B9
G<@84A7FB<FE8FGE<6G879EB@HF8<AABE@4?BC8E4G<BAF A8DH<I4?8AG4A7B99 F8GG<A:4@BHAG<F<A6?H787<AG;86BAFB?<74G87
54?4A68F;88G4F46HEE8AG?<45<?<GLHA78EG;864CG<BA*4EG<6<C4AGFSG4KJ<G;;B?7<A:F
$)"+#*,) + *
'4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F4E86B@CE<F87B9
 D2E                                                                                         646>36C       868@58E 
 .E84FHEL5<??F                                                                                                            
 $2C<6E23=6D64FC:E:6D                                                                                                          

.;8B@C4AL;4F78F<:A4G87<GF@4E>8G45?8F86HE<G<8F4F94<EI4?H8G;EBH:;CEB9<G4A7?BFF J<G;6;4A:8F<A94<EI4?H858<A:
E86BE787 J<G;<A 9<A4A68 <A6B@8 <A G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 <A6B@8 FG4G8@8AG <A G;8 C8E<B7 <A J;<6; G;8L B66HE   4<E I4?H8F ;4I8
588A78G8E@<A8754F87BADHBG87@4E>8GCE<68FBE4E854F87BAB5F8EI45?8@4E>8G<A9BE@4G<BA 
%&+L+)%&+)) -#*

.E4784A7BG;8EE868<I45?8F4E86B@CE<F87B9
 D2E                                                                                              646>36C   868@58E 
 .E478E868<I45?8F :EBFF                                                                                                 
 &8FF??BJ4A689BE<@C4<E@8AG                                                                                               
 .E478E868<I45?8F A8G                                                                                                       
 )G;8EE868<I45?8F                                                                                                             
 +C2562?5@E96CC646:G23=6D                                                                                             

&BFF 4??BJ4A68F 9BE GE478 4A7 BG;8E E868<I45?8F 4E8 @84FHE87 4G 4A 4@BHAG 8DH4? GB ?<98G<@8 8KC86G87 6E87<G ?BFF8F   .;8
8KC86G876E87<G?BFF8FBAGE4784A7BG;8EE868<I45?8F4E864?6H?4G87HF<A:;<FGBE<64?6E87<G?BFF8KC8E<8A68G4><A:<AGB466BHAG
6HEE8AGB5F8EI45?874G44GG;8E8CBEG<A:74G8GBE89?86GG;889986GFB94ALE8?8I4AG6HEE8AG4A79BE864FGFB99HGHE86BA7<G<BAF
.E478E868<I45?8F:8A8E4??L;4I8G8E@FB974LF &BFF4??BJ4A68F9BEGE478E868<I45?8F4E8@84FHE874G4A4@BHAG8DH4?GB
?<98G<@8 8KC86G87 6E87<G ?BFF8F &  .E478 E868<I45?8F G;4G 4E8 @BE8 G;4A G;E88 @BAG;F C4FG 7H8 4E8 6BAF<78E87 GB 58
<@C4<E874A7G;8<@C4<E@8AG<FG;8?<98G<@8& ??BJ4A68F9BE&4E8E86BE787J<G;<AF8??<A: :8A8E4?4A747@<A<FGE4G<BA
6BFGF <A G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 <A6B@8 FG4G8@8AG  )G;8E FC86<9<6 GE478 E868<I45?8F 4E8 4?FB CEBI<787 4:4<AFG 4F 6BAF<78E87
A868FF4EL


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                           2021 Annual Report      137 TMX Group Limited                                                      
                                                                                        %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                      @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

.;84:<A:B9G;8GE478E868<I45?8FJ4F4F9B??BJF

 D2E                                                                       646>36C                                  868@58E 
                                                                      C@DD         ==@H2?46                         !EBFF          ??BJ4A68
 (BGC4FG7H8                                                                       M                                       R
 *4FG7H8 74LF                                                                   M                                         R
 'BE8G;4A74LFC4FG7H8                                                                                                     
 +C256C646:G23=6D                                                                                                       

.;8@BI8@8AG<AG;8B@C4ALSF4??BJ4A689BE<@C4<E@8AG<F4F9B??BJF

                                                                                                     646>36C        868@58E 
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                                                                
 ??BJ4A68E86B:A<M87<AG;8L84E A8GB94??BJ4A68E8?84F87                                                                           
 ,868<I45?8FJE<GG8AB994FHA6B??86G<5?8                                                                                           
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                                              

(B4??BJ4A689BE<@C4<E@8AG<F6BAF<78E87A868FF4EL9BEBG;8EE868<I45?8F

%&+L&&. ##% %+% #**+*

&&. ##% % % +#  %+% #**+*
!BB7J<??<FE86B:A<M874G6BFGBA46DH<F<G<BA?8FF4ALFH5F8DH8AG<@C4<E@8AG<AI4?H8 #AG4A:<5?84FF8GFFH6;4FGE478A4@8F 
78E<I4G<I8CEB7H6GF E8:H?4GBEL78F<:A4G<BAF4A7FGEH6GHE87CEB7H6GF4E86BAF<78E87GB;4I8<A789<A<G8?<I8F4F@4A4:8@8AG
58?<8I8FG;4GG;8E8<FAB9BE8F8845?8?<@<GGBG;8C8E<B7BI8EJ;<6;G;8F84FF8GF4E88KC86G87GB:8A8E4G8A8G64F;9?BJF
FH@@4ELB9G;8B@C4ALSF:BB7J<??4A7<A789<A<G8?<98<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF<F4F9B??BJF
                                                                                                6C:G2E:G6         )68F=2E@CJ
                                                               @@5H:==       +C256?2>6D        AC@5F4ED          56D:8?2E:@?D           +@E2=

 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                                
 7=HFG@8AG9BE0<FB.86;                                                        R                R               R             
 9986GB9@BI8@8AGF<A8K6;4A:8E4G8F                                                           R               R              
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                                   
 4BF:D:E:@?@7*+2?252?@E6                                              M                M               M             
 4BF:D:E:@?@7+C256*:8?2=?@E6                                             M                 M               M              
 7764E@7>@G6>6?ED:?6I492?86C2E6D                                                        M               M            
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                 

.;8B@C4AL@84FHE8F:BB7J<??4E<F<A:BA45HF<A8FF6B@5<A4G<BA4FG;894<EI4?H8B9G;86BAF<78E4G<BAGE4AF98EE87?8FFG;8
94<E I4?H8 B9 G;8 <78AG<9<45?8 4FF8GF 46DH<E87 4A7 ?<45<?<G<8F 4FFH@87  4?? @84FHE87 4F B9 G;8 46DH<F<G<BA 74G8  .;8 B@C4AL
8?86GF BA 4 GE4AF46G<BA 5L GE4AF46G<BA 54F<F J;8G;8E GB @84FHE8 ABA 6BAGEB??<A: <AG8E8FGF 4G 94<E I4?H8 BE 4G G;8<E
CEBCBEG<BA4G8 F;4E8 B9 G;8 E86B:A<M87 4@BHAG B9 G;8 <78AG<9<45?8 A8G 4FF8GF 46DH<E87  4G G;8 46DH<F<G<BA 74G8  .E4AF46G<BA
6BFGF  BG;8E G;4A G;BF8 4FFB6<4G87 J<G; G;8 <FFH8 B9 785G BE 8DH<GL F86HE<G<8F 4F 6BAF<78E4G<BA  G;4G G;8 B@C4AL <A6HEF <A
6BAA86G<BAJ<G;45HF<A8FF6B@5<A4G<BA4E88KC8AF874F<A6HEE87
 % +#  %+% #**+*
89<A<G8?<98<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF4E8E86B:A<M874G6BFG?8FF466H@H?4G874@BEG<M4G<BA J;8E84CC?<645?8 4A74AL<@C4<E@8AG<A
I4?H8  BFG <A6?H78F 4AL 8KC8A7<GHE8 G;4G <F 7<E86G?L 4GGE<5HG45?8 GB G;8 46DH<F<G<BA B9 G;8 4FF8G  .;8 6BFG B9 <AG8EA4??L
78I8?BC87 4FF8GF <A6?H78F G;8 6BFG B9 @4G8E<4?F 4A7 7<E86G ?45BHE  4A7 4AL BG;8E 6BFGF 7<E86G?L 4GGE<5HG45?8 GB 5E<A:<A: G;8
4FF8GFGB4JBE><A:6BA7<G<BA9BEG;8<E<AG8A787HF8
BFGF<A6HEE87<AE8F84E6;46G<I<G<8F HA78EG4>8AJ<G;G;8CEBFC86GB9:4<A<A:A8JG86;A<64?>ABJ?87:8 4E8E86B:A<M87<AG;8
6BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG4F<A6HEE87 BFGF<A6HEE87<A78I8?BC@8AG46G<I<G<8F4E864C<G4?<M87J;8A4??B9G;89B??BJ<A:
6E<G8E<44E8@8G
     V #G<FG86;A<64??L984F<5?8GB6B@C?8G8G;8JBE>FH6;G;4GG;84FF8GJ<??584I4<?45?89BEHF8BEF4?8
     V .;8B@C4AL<AG8A7FGB6B@C?8G8G;84FF8G9BEHF8BEF4?8

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      138 TMX Group Limited                                                        
                                                                                          %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                        @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

     V    .;8B@C4ALJ<??5845?8GBHF8G;84FF8GBA686B@C?8G87
     V    .;84FF8GJ<??58HF89H?4A7<F8KC86G87GB:8A8E4G89HGHE886BAB@<658A89<GF9BEG;8B@C4AL
     V    .;8B@C4AL;4F478DH4G8E8FBHE68F4I4<?45?8GB6B@C?8G8G;878I8?BC@8AGB94A7GBHF8G;84FF8G 4A7
     V    .;8B@C4AL<F45?8GBE8?<45?L@84FHE8G;86BFGF4GGE<5HG45?8GBG;84FF8G7HE<A:78I8?BC@8AG
89<A<G8?<98<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF4E84@BEG<M879EB@G;874G8B946DH<F<G<BABE 9BE<AG8EA4??L78I8?BC87<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF 9EB@
G;8 G<@8 G;8 4FF8G <F 4I4<?45?8 9BE HF8  @BEG<M4G<BA <F E86B:A<M87 <A G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 <A6B@8 FG4G8@8AG BA 4 FGE4<:;G ?<A8
54F<FBI8EG;88FG<@4G87HF89H??<98B9G;84FF8G ,8F<7H4?I4?H8F4A7G;8HF89H??<I8FB9G;84FF8GF4E8E8I<8J874G846;L84E
8A7 4A7E8I<F874FA868FF4EL 
@BEG<M4G<BA<FCEBI<787BI8EG;89B??BJ<A:HF89H??<I8FB9789<A<G8?<98<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF
 DD6E                                                                                     2D:D                            )2E6
 HFGB@8EE8?4G<BAF;<CF                                                                     -GE4<:;G ?<A8                    QL84EF
 .86;AB?B:L                                                                                 -GE4<:;G ?<A8                   QL84EF

FH@@4ELB9G;8B@C4ALSF789<A<G8?<98<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF<F4F9B??BJF

                                                                                             FDE@>6C
                                                                     +649?@=@8J          C6=2E:@?D9:AD       &A6?:?E6C6DE                   +@E2=

 @DE
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                                           
  77<G<BAFG;EBH:;:8A8E4?BC8E4G<BAF                                                        R                  R                 
  7=HFG@8AG9BE0<FB.86;                                                                                       R                  
  )G;8E47=HFG@8AGF                                                                          R                  R                 
  9986GB9@BI8@8AGF<A8K6;4A:8E4G8F                                                                         R                  
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                                             
  55:E:@?DE9C@F8986?6C2=@A6C2E:@?D                                                        M                  M                 
  4BF:D:E:@?@7*+2?252?@E6                                                                           M                 
  &E96C25;FDE>6?ED                                                                                           M                  
  7764E@7>@G6>6?ED:?6I492?86C2E6D                                                                     M                 
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                            

 44F>F=2E652>@CE:K2E:@?
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                                              
  ;4E:89BEG;8L84E                                                                                         R                 
  7=HFG@8AGF                                                                                R                  R                 
  9986GB9@BI8@8AGF<A8K6;4A:8E4G8F                                                                         R                  
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                                                
  92C867@CE96J62C                                                                                         M                 
  5;FDE>6?ED                                                                                                 M                  
  7764E@7>@G6>6?ED:?6I492?86C2E6D                                                                       M                 
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                             

 %6E3@@<G2=F6D
 G868@58E                                                                                     R              
 E646>36C                                                                                      M              

 $' )$%+&**+*
.;8 64EEL<A: 4@BHAGF B9 G;8 B@C4ALSF ABA 9<A4A6<4? 4FF8GF  BG;8E G;4A 7898EE87 <A6B@8 G4K 4FF8GF 4A7 8@C?BL88 9HGHE8
58A89<G4FF8GF 4E8E8I<8J874G846;E8CBEG<A:74G8GB78G8E@<A8J;8G;8EG;8E8<F4AL<A7<64G<BAB9<@C4<E@8AG #94ALFH6;
<A7<64G<BA8K<FGF G;8AG;84FF8GSFE86BI8E45?84@BHAG<F8FG<@4G87 !BB7J<??4A7<AG4A:<5?84FF8GFG;4G;4I8<A789<A<G8HF89H?
?<I8F  BE G;4G 4E8 ABG L8G 4I4<?45?8 9BE HF8  4E8 G8FG87 9BE <@C4<E@8AG 4G ?84FG 4AAH4??L 8I8A <9 G;8E8 <F AB <A7<64G<BA B9
<@C4<E@8AG 4A7G;8E86BI8E45?84@BHAG<F8FG<@4G87846;L84E4GG;8F4@8G<@8
.;8E86BI8E45?84@BHAGB94A4FF8G<FG;8:E84G8EB9<GFI4?H8 <A HF84A7<GF94<EI4?H8?8FF6BFGFB97<FCBF4? #A4FF8FF<A:I4?H8
<A HF8 G;88FG<@4G879HGHE864F;9?BJF4E87<F6BHAG87GBG;8<ECE8F8AGI4?H8HF<A:4CE8 G4K7<F6BHAGE4G8G;4GE89?86GF6HEE8AG
@4E>8G4FF8FF@8AGFB9G;8G<@8I4?H8B9@BA8L4A7G;8E<F>FFC86<9<6GBG;84FF8G  BEG;8CHECBF8B9<@C4<E@8AGG8FG<A: 

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report       139 TMX Group Limited                                                     
                                                                                     %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                   @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

4FF8GFG;4G64AABG58G8FG87<A7<I<7H4??L4E8:EBHC87GB:8G;8E<AGBG;8F@4??8FG:EBHCB94FF8GFG;4G:8A8E4G8F64F;<A9?BJF
9EB@6BAG<AH<A:HF8G;4G4E8?4E:8?L<A78C8A78AGB9G;864F;<A9?BJFB9BG;8E4FF8GFBE:EBHCFB94FF8GFG;8T64F; :8A8E4G<A:
HA<GU BET!/U  BEG;8CHECBF8FB9:BB7J<??<@C4<E@8AGG8FG<A: :BB7J<??46DH<E87<A45HF<A8FF6B@5<A4G<BA<F4??B64G87GB
G;8!/ BEG;8:EBHCB9!/F G;4G<F8KC86G87GB58A89<G9EB@G;8FLA8E:<8FB9G;86B@5<A4G<BA4A7E89?86GFG;8?BJ8FG?8I8?
4GJ;<6;G;4G:BB7J<??<F@BA<GBE879BE<AG8EA4?E8CBEG<A:CHECBF8F 
A<@C4<E@8AG?BFF<FE86B:A<M87<9G;864EEL<A:4@BHAGB94A4FF8G BE<GF!/ 8K6887F<GF8FG<@4G87E86BI8E45?84@BHAG 
J;<6;<FG;8;<:;8EB9G;84FF8GSF94<EI4?H8?8FF6BFGFB97<FCBF4?4A7<GFI4?H8 <A HF8 #@C4<E@8AG?BFF8FE86B:A<M87<AE8FC86G
B94!/4E84??B64G879<EFGGBE87H68G;864EEL<A:4@BHAGB94AL:BB7J<??4??B64G87GBG;8!/F 4A7G;8AGBE87H68G;8
64EEL<A:4@BHAGFB9G;8BG;8E4FF8GF<AG;8!/BA4CEBE4G454F<F #@C4<E@8AG?BFF8F4E8E86B:A<M87<AG;86BAFB?<74G87
<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG
A <@C4<E@8AG ?BFF <A E8FC86G B9 :BB7J<?? 64AABG 58 E8I8EF87  #A E8FC86G B9 BG;8E ABA 9<A4A6<4? 4FF8GF  <@C4<E@8AG ?BFF8F
E86B:A<M87<ACE<BEC8E<B7F4E84FF8FF874G846;E8CBEG<A:74G89BE4AL<A7<64G<BAFG;4GG;8?BFF;4F786E84F87BEAB?BA:8E
8K<FGF A<@C4<E@8AG?BFF<FE8I8EF87<9G;8E8;4F588A46;4A:8<AG;88FG<@4G8FHF87GB78G8E@<A8G;8E86BI8E45?84@BHAG 
A<@C4<E@8AG?BFF<FE8I8EF87BA?LGBG;88KG8AGG;4GG;84FF8GSF64EEL<A:4@BHAG7B8FABG8K6887G;864EEL<A:4@BHAGG;4G
JBH?7;4I8588A78G8E@<A87 A8GB978CE86<4G<BABE4@BEG<M4G<BA <9AB<@C4<E@8AG?BFF;47588AE86B:A<M87 
.;8B@C4ALE86B:A<M87AB<@C4<E@8AG<A4A7
G 868@58E   G;8 64EEL<A: I4?H8F B9 :BB7J<?? 4A7 <A789<A<G8 ?<98 <AG4A:<5?8 4FF8GF 4??B64G87 GB 846; !/  49G8E G;8
<@C4<E@8AG6;4E:8F78F6E<58745BI8 4E84F9B??BJF
 D2E                                                                  646>36C                                868@58E 
                                                                             ?567:?:E6=:76                                #A789<A<G8?<98
                                                           @@5H:==           :?E2?8:3=6D                 !BB7J<??            <AG4A:<5?8F
 &<FG<A:F                                                                                                     
 .'24G4?<AK                                                                                                        
 .E4LCBEG                                                                                                            
 DH<G<8F.E47<A:                                                                                                     
 '2                                                                                                          
 -                                                                                                                   
 .-2.EHFG                                                                                                                 
 -;BE64AEB>8EF                                                                                                           
                                                                                                          

.;8 E86BI8E45?8 4@BHAGF B9 G;8 45BI8 !/F J8E8 78G8E@<A87 54F87 BA I4?H8 <A HF8 64?6H?4G<BAF  HF<A: @4A4:8@8AGSF
7<F6BHAG87 64F; 9?BJ CEB=86G<BAF BI8E C8E<B7F B9  GB  L84EF  78C8A7<A: BA G;8 !/  4?BA: J<G; 4 G8E@<A4? I4?H8  .;8
G8E@<A4?I4?H8<FG;8I4?H84GGE<5HG87GBG;8!/FSBC8E4G<BAF58LBA7G;8CEB=86G87G<@8C8E<B7 .;8G8E@<A4?I4?H89BEG;8
!/F <F 78G8E@<A87 HF<A: 8FG<@4G87 ?BA: G8E@ :EBJG; E4G8F B9   9BE 4?? F<:A<9<64AG !/F  8K68CG 9BE '2 4A7
.E4LCBEG  J;<6; HF87    .;8 8FG<@4G87 ?BA: G8E@ :EBJG; E4G8 <F 54F87 BA G;8 B@C4ALSF 8FG<@4G8F B9 8KC86G87 9HGHE8
BC8E4G<A: E8FH?GF  9HGHE8 5HF<A8FF C?4AF  86BAB@<6 6BA7<G<BAF 4A7 4 :8A8E4? BHG?BB> 9BE G;8 <A7HFGEL <A J;<6; G;8 !/
BC8E4G8F  #A 64?6H?4G<A: G;8 E86BI8E45?8 4@BHAG B9 G;8F8 !/F  4 CE8 G4K 7<F6BHAG E4G8 <F HF87  .;8 CE8 G4K 7<F6BHAG E4G8
4CC?<87J4F GB  J;<6;J4FF8G6BAF<78E<A:G;8J8<:;G874I8E4:86BFGB964C<G4?B9G;8B@C4AL4A768EG4<AE<F>
CE8@<H@F 54F87BA@4A4:8@8AGSFC4FG8KC8E<8A68
.;8F84FFH@CG<BAF4E8FH5=86G<I8=H7:8@8AGF54F87BAG;8B@C4ALSF8KC8E<8A68 >ABJ?87:8B9BC8E4G<BAF4A7>ABJ?87:8
B9G;886BAB@<68AI<EBA@8AG<AJ;<6;<GBC8E4G8F #99HGHE864F;9?BJCEB=86G<BAF ?BA: G8E@:EBJG;E4G8FBECE8 G4K7<F6BHAG
E4G8F4E87<998E8AGGBG;BF8HF87 <G<FCBFF<5?8G;4GG;8BHG6B@8B99HGHE8<@C4<E@8AGG8FGF6BH?7E8FH?G<A47<998E8AGBHG6B@8
J<G;4!/SF:BB7J<??4A7BE<AG4A:<5?84FF8GF58<A:<@C4<E87 




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                           2021 Annual Report      140 TMX Group Limited                                                      
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

%&+L %-*+$%+* %(, +0&,%+ %-*+*

#AI8FG@8AGF<A8DH<GL466BHAG87<AI8FG88F4E86B@CE<F87B9
 D2E                                                                                         646>36C          868@58E 
 #AI8FG@8AG<A)2"B?7<A:F                                                                                                    
 )G;8E                                                                                                                            
  ?G6DE>6?ED:?6BF:EJ244@F?E65:?G6DE66D                                                                                    

 BE G;8 L84E 8A787 868@58E     G;8 B@C4AL E86B:A<M87   9EB@ <GF F;4E8 B9 <A6B@8 9EB@ 8DH<GL 466BHAG87
<AI8FG88FQ  ?FB9BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4AL84EA87A<?9EB@F8EI<68FE8A78E87GB8DH<GL
466BHAG87<AI8FG88FQ 
&/&# %*
F B9 868@58E     G;8 B@C4AL ;B?7F 4A 86BAB@<6 4A7 IBG<A: <AG8E8FG B9   4A7    E8FC86G<I8?L  <A )2
"B?7<A:F  4A7  .;8<AI8FG@8AG<A)2"B?7<A:F<F466BHAG879BEHF<A:G;88DH<GL@8G;B7 
-H@@4EL9<A4A6<4?<A9BE@4G<BA9BE)2"B?7<A:F<F4F9B??BJF
 D2E                                                                                       646>36C            868@58E 
 HEE8AG4FF8GF                                                                                                                
 (BA 6HEE8AG4FF8GF                                                                                                               
 HEE8AG?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                                           
 (BA 6HEE8AG?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                                      
 %6E2DD6ED                                                                                                              

                                                                                             @CE96J62C6?565         BEG;8L84E8A787
                                                                                             646>36C            868@58E 
 ,8I8AH8                                                                                                                       
 (8G<A6B@84A76B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@8                                                                                      
 *92C6@7:?4@>62?54@>AC696?D:G6:?4@>6                                                                               

 BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4ALE86B:A<M87 9EB@<GFF;4E8B9<A6B@8<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8
FG4G8@8AGF 4A7 4 :4<A B9 ?8FF G;4A   9EB@ GE4AF?4G<BA B9 G;8 9BE8<:A BC8E4G<BA <A G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 FG4G8@8AGF B9
6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@89BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E Q<A6B@8B9 4A7?BFFB9  E8FC86G<I8?L 
1/"-1"*0"2"*0
#A 85EH4EL )2"B?7<A:F6B@@8A6874HA<G5HL 546>J<G;68EG4<A@8@58EFG;4GJ4F6BA6?H787BA$4AH4EL  
J;<6;E8FH?G87<AG;8B@C4ALSF86BAB@<64A7IBG<A:<AG8E8FGF<A6E84F<A:GB 4A7  E8FC86G<I8?L F4E8FH?G 
89986G<I8 $4AH4EL     G;8 B@C4AL B5G4<A87 6BAGEB? BI8E )2 "B?7<A:F 4A7 6B@@8A687 6BAFB?<74G<A: G;8 8AG<GL  .;8
GE4AF46G<BAF;4??58466BHAG879BE4F45HF<A8FF6B@5<A4G<BA<A466BE74A68J<G;# ,- 1/&*"//+)&*0&+*/ .;HF HCBA
B5G4<A<A: 6BAGEB?  G;8 B@C4AL E8@84FHE87 <GF CE8I<BHF?L ;8?7 <AG8E8FG  E8FH?G<A: <A 4 :4<A 6HEE8AG?L 8FG<@4G87 GB 58
4CCEBK<@4G8?L  J;<6;J<??58E86B:A<M87<ABHE9<EFGDH4EG8EE8FH?GF
.;8 B@C4AL 8FG<@4G8F G;8 94<E I4?H8 B9 <GF BJA8EF;<C <AG8E8FG <A )2 "B?7<A:F < 8  G;8 CHE6;4F8 6BAF<78E4G<BA HF<A: G;8
<A6B@8 4CCEB46;  .;8 <A6B@8 4CCEB46; <F 4 I4?H4G<BA G86;A<DH8 G;4G 64?6H?4G8F G;8 94<E I4?H8 B9 4 5HF<A8FF 54F87 BA G;8
CE8F8AG I4?H8 B9 9HGHE8 8KC86G87 64F; 9?BJF  .;<F I4?H4G<BA <AIB?I8F F<:A<9<64AG FH5=86G<I<GL 4A7 8FG<@4G<BA HA68EG4<AGL 
<A6?H7<A:4FFH@CG<BAFE8?4G87GBG;89HGHE8E8I8AH8FB9G;846DH<E875HF<A8FF4A7G;87<F6BHAGE4G8
.;89B??BJ<A:G45?8FH@@4E<M8FG;88FG<@4G8794<EI4?H8FB9G;84FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F46DH<E87 .;8B@C4ALJ<??9<A4?<M8G;8
@84FHE8@8AG B9 G;8 I4?H8F 58?BJ 4F <G B5G4<AF G;8 <A9BE@4G<BA A868FF4EL GB 6B@C?8G8 G;8 @84FHE8@8AG CEB68FF  AL
6;4A:8FE8FH?G<A:9EB@946GF4A76<E6H@FG4A68FG;4G8K<FG874FB9G;874G8B946DH<F<G<BAB96BAGEB?J<??E8FH?G<AE8GEBFC86G<I8
47=HFG@8AGFGBG;8CEBI<F<BA4?4@BHAGF58?BJ E86B:A<M874GG;846DH<F<G<BA74G8F




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report     141 TMX Group Limited                                                  
                                                                                     %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                   @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

 BAF<78E4G<BA
    4<EI4?H8B9CE8I<BHF?L;8?7<AG8E8FG<A)2"B?7<A:F                                                                          
   (BA 6BAGEB??<A:<AG8E8FG 54F87BAG;8CEBCBEG<BA4G8<AG8E8FG<AG;8E86B:A<M874@BHAGFB9
                                                                                                                                   
   )2"B?7<A:F<78AG<9<45?8A8G4FF8GF
 +@E2=4@?D:56C2E:@?                                                                                                              
 #78AG<9<45?84FF8GF46DH<E874A7?<45<?<G<8F4FFH@87
   4F;4A764F;8DH<I4?8AGF                                                                                                       
   .E4784A7BG;8EE868<I45?8F                                                                                                      
   #AG4A:<5?84FF8GF                                                                                                               
   !BB7J<??                                                                                                                         
   898EE87G4K?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                                        
   )G;8E4FF8GF4A7?<45<?<G<8F A8G                                                                                               
 2:CG2=F6@7?6E2DD6ED24BF:C65                                                                                                

#AG4A:<5?84FF8GF6B@CE<F86HFGB@8EE8?4G<BAF;<CFB9  GE478A4@8B9  4A7G86;AB?B:LB9 
.;8 :BB7J<?? E86BE787 BA 46DH<F<G<BA <F 4GGE<5HG45?8 GB G;8 8KC86G87 :EBJG; <A G;8 6HFGB@8E 54F8  (BA8 B9 G;8 :BB7J<??
E86B:A<M87<F787H6G<5?89BE<A6B@8G4KCHECBF8F 

%&+L+)%&+)'0#*

.E4784A7BG;8EC4L45?8F4E86B@CE<F87B9

 D2E                                                                                    646>36C             868@58E 
 .E478C4L45?8F4A7466EH878KC8AF8F                                                                                        
 -4?8FG4K8FC4L45?8                                                                                                            
 @C?BL884A77<E86GBE6BFGFC4L45?8                                                                                           
 66EH87<AG8E8FGC4L45?8                                                                                                       
 ,8:H?4GBELFHEC?HF                                                                                                             
 )G;8E                                                                                                                          
 +C2562?5@E96CA2J23=6D                                                                                                 

.;8 94<E I4?H8 B9 GE478 4A7 BG;8E C4L45?8F <F 4CCEBK<@4G8?L 8DH4? GB G;8<E 64EEL<A: 4@BHAG :<I8A G;8<E F;BEG G8E@ HAG<?
F8GG?8@8AG 
-;BEG G8E@ C4L45?8F J<G; AB FG4G87 <AG8E8FG E4G8 4E8 @84FHE87 4G G;8 BE<:<A4? GE4AF46G<BA 4@BHAGF J;8E8 G;8 89986G B9
7<F6BHAG<A:<F<@@4G8E<4? -;BEG G8E@8@C?BL8858A89<GB5?<:4G<BAF FH6;4FJ4:8F F4?4E<8F4A74AAH4?I464G<BA8AG<G?8@8AGF 
4E8@84FHE87BA4AHA7<F6BHAG8754F<F4A74E88KC8AF874FG;8E8?4G87F8EI<68<FCEBI<787 ?<45<?<GL<FE86B:A<M879BEG;8
B@C4ALSF4AAH4?F;BEG G8E@<A68AG<I8C?4A<94CE8F8AG?8:4?BE6BAFGEH6G<I8B5?<:4G<BAGBC4L4A4@BHAG8K<FGF4F4E8FH?GB9
C4FGF8EI<68CEBI<7875LG;88@C?BL88 4A7G;8B5?<:4G<BA64A588FG<@4G87E8?<45?L 




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                           2021 Annual Report     142 TMX Group Limited                                                 
                                                                                %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                              @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

%&+L)))-%,

898EE87E8I8AH8<F6B@CE<F87B9

 D2E                                                                                  646>36C                868@58E 
 &<FG<A:F                                                                                                                    
 .E4LCBEG                                                                                                                        
 )G;8E                                                                                                                           
 FCC6?E5676CC65C6G6?F6                                                                                                     


 .E4LCBEG                                                                                                                       R
 )G;8E                                                                                                                          
 %@? 4FCC6?E5676CC65C6G6?F6                                                                                                  

&<FG<A:F7898EE87E8I8AH8<F@4<A?L6B@CE<F87B9<A<G<4?4A7477<G<BA4??<FG<A:F988F9BE.-208AGHE8K6;4A:8 J;<6;4E8C4<7<A
47I4A689BEG;8F8EI<68F58<A:CEBI<787 4A7<A<G<4??<FG<A:F988F9BE.-2 #A<G<4??<FG<A:F4E87898EE87BI8E4 @BAG;C8E<B7
9EB@G;874G8B9?<FG<A: J;<?8477<G<BA4??<FG<A:F4E8E86B:A<M87J;8AG;8477<G<BA4??<FG<A:B66HEF 
.E4LCBEG7898EE87E8I8AH8<A6?H78FDH4EG8E?L 4AAH4? 4A7@H?G< L84EFH5F6E<CG<BAF5<??87<A47I4A68 
)G;8E<A6?H78F7898EE87E8I8AH8E8?4G87GB)G;8E<FFH8EF8EI<68F.-2.EHFG 8E<I4G<I8FGE47<A:4A76?84E<A:'24A7 
4A7-
%&+ L')&- * &%*%&%+ %% *

')&- * &%*
CEBI<F<BA;4F588AE86B:A<M87<9 4F4E8FH?GB94C4FG8I8AG G;8B@C4AL;4F4CE8F8AG?8:4?BE6BAFGEH6G<I8B5?<:4G<BAG;4G
64A588FG<@4G87E8?<45?L 4A7<G<FCEB545?8G;4G4ABHG9?BJB986BAB@<658A89<GFJ<??58E8DH<E87GBF8GG?8G;8B5?<:4G<BA #9
G;889986G<F@4G8E<4? CEBI<F<BAF4E878G8E@<A875L7<F6BHAG<A:G;88KC86G879HGHE864F;9?BJF4G4CE8 G4K7<F6BHAGE4G8G;4G
E89?86GF6HEE8AG@4E>8G4FF8FF@8AGFB9G;8G<@8I4?H8B9@BA8L4A7G;8E<F>FFC86<9<6GBG;8?<45<?<GL .;8HAJ<A7<A:B9G;8
7<F6BHAG<FE86B:A<M874F49<A4A686BFG
FH@@4ELB9G;8B@C4ALSFCEBI<F<BAF<F4F9B??BJF
                                                                  64@>>:DD:@?:?8 @>>@5:EJE2I                  &E96C            +@E2=
                                                                        =:23:=:E:6D
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                                         
 *EBI<F<BAFE86B:A<M877HE<A:G;8C8E<B7                                                                            
 *EBI<F<BAFHF87BEE8I8EF877HE<A:G;8C8E<B7                                                                  
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                                         
 HEE8AG                                                              R                                          
 (BA 6HEE8AG                                                                        R                    R             
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                                         
 'C@G:D:@?DC64@8?:K655FC:?8E96A6C:@5                                                                       M              
 'C@G:D:@?DFD65@CC6G6CD655FC:?8E96A6C:@5                                                                      
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                M            
 FCC6?E                                                              M                                M             
 %@? 4FCC6?E                                                                        M                    M             
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                M            




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report   143 TMX Group Limited                                                    
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

&%+ %%+#  # + *
  EB@G<@8GBG<@8<A6BAA86G<BAJ<G;<GFBC8E4G<BAF G;8B@C4ALBE<GFFH5F<7<4E<8F4E8A4@874F47898A74AG<A46G<BAF 
<A6?H7<A:G;BF89BE74@4:8F4A76BFGFFHFG4<A875LC?4<AG<99F BE4F4E8FCBA78AG<ACEB6887<A:F6;4??8A:<A:G;8B@C4ALSFBE
<GF FH5F<7<4E<8FS E8:H?4GBEL BE BG;8E 46G<BAF  786<F<BAF BE =HE<F7<6G<BA  .;8 BHG6B@8F B9 FH6; @4GG8EF 4E8 FH5=86G GB 9HGHE8
E8FB?HG<BA G;4G <A6?H78F HA68EG4<AG<8F B9 ?<G<:4G<BA BE BG;8E CEB6887<A:F  4F87 BA <A9BE@4G<BA 6HEE8AG?L >ABJA GB G;8
B@C4AL @4A4:8@8AG58?<8I8FG;4G4AL@4G8E<4?C4L@8AGBEBG;8EB5?<:4G<BA<AE8FC86GB94ALFH6;46G<BABECEB6887<A:<F
E8@BG8

%&+L#*&# + &%*%&+)&$$ +$%+*

#**
G<A68CG<BAB946BAGE46G G;8B@C4AL4FF8FF8FJ;8G;8E46BAGE46G<F BE6BAG4<AF 4?84F8 6BAGE46G<F BE6BAG4<AF 4?84F8
<9G;86BAGE46G6BAI8LFG;8E<:;GGB6BAGEB?G;8HF8B94A<78AG<9<874FF8G9BE4C8E<B7B9G<@8<A8K6;4A:89BE6BAF<78E4G<BA 
.;8B@C4AL4??B64G8FG;86BAF<78E4G<BA<AG;86BAGE46GGB846;?84F84A7ABA ?84F86B@CBA8AGBAG;854F<FB9G;8<EE8?4G<I8
FG4A7 4?BA8CE<68F
F4?8FF88 G;8B@C4ALE86B:A<M8F4E<:;G B9 HF84FF8G4A74?84F8?<45<?<GL4GG;8?84F86B@@8A68@8AG74G8 .;8E<:;G B9
HF84FF8G<F<A<G<4??L@84FHE874G6BFG J;<6;6B@CE<F8FG;8<A<G<4?4@BHAGB9G;8?84F8?<45<?<GL47=HFG879BE4AL?84F8C4L@8AGF
@4784GBE589BE8G;86B@@8A68@8AG74G8 C?HF4AL<A<G<4?7<E86G6BFGF<A6HEE874A74AL8FG<@4G876BFGFGB7<F@4AG?84A7
E8@BI8 G;8 HA78E?L<A: 4FF8G BE GB E8FGBE8 G;8 HA78E?L<A: 4FF8G BE G;8 F<G8 BA J;<6; <G <F ?B64G87  ?8FF 4AL ?84F8 <A68AG<I8F
E868<I87 .;8E<:;G B9 HF84FF8G<FFH5F8DH8AG?L78CE86<4G87HF<A:G;8FGE4<:;G ?<A8@8G;B79EB@G;86B@@8A68@8AG74G8GB
G;8 8A7 B9 G;8 ?84F8 G8E@ 4A7 <F E87H687 9BE 4AL <@C4<E@8AG ?BFF8F 4A7 47=HFG87 9BE 68EG4<A E8@84FHE8@8AGF B9 G;8 ?84F8
?<45<?<GL
.;8?84F8?<45<?<GL<F<A<G<4??L@84FHE874GG;8CE8F8AGI4?H8B9G;8?84F8C4L@8AGFG;4G4E8ABGC4<74GG;86B@@8A68@8AG
74G8  7<F6BHAG87 HF<A: G;8 <AG8E8FG E4G8 <@C?<6<G <A G;8 ?84F8 BE  <9 G;4G E4G8 64AABG 58 E847<?L 78G8E@<A87  G;8 B@C4ALF
<A6E8@8AG4?5BEEBJ<A:E4G8 .;8B@C4AL4CC?<8F=H7:8@8AG<A78G8E@<A<A:G;8?84F8G8E@9BEFB@8?84F86BAGE46GF<AJ;<6;
G;8E8<F4E8A8J4?BCG<BA 
&84F8C4L@8AGF<A6?H787<AG;8@84FHE8@8AGB9G;8?84F8?<45<?<GL6B@CE<F8G;89B??BJ<A:
V     <K87C4L@8AGF <A6?H7<A:<A FH5FG4A689<K87C4L@8AGFJ;<6;@4L6BAG4<AI4E<45<?<GL5HG4E8HA4IB<745?84A7
V    04E<45?8C4L@8AGFG;4G78C8A7BA4A<A78KBE4E4G8 4E8<A<G<4??L@84FHE87HF<A:G;8<A78KBEE4G84F4GG;8
     6B@@8A68@8AG74G8 04E<45?8C4L@8AGF54F87BAHF4:8BEC8E9BE@4A684E8ABG<A6?H787<AG;8@84FHE8@8AGB9G;8
     ?84F8?<45<?<GL
.;8 ?84F8 ?<45<?<GL <F @84FHE87 4G 4@BEG<M87 6BFG HF<A: G;8 89986G<I8 <AG8E8FG @8G;B7  .;8 ?84F8 ?<45<?<GL <F FH5F8DH8AG?L
<A6E84F87 5L G;8 <AG8E8FG 6BFG 4A7 786E84F87 5L ?84F8 C4L@8AGF @478  BI8E G;8 G8E@ B9 G;8 ?84F8  #G <F E8@84FHE87 J;8A
G;8E8<F46;4A:8<A9HGHE8?84F8C4L@8AGF4E<F<A:9EB@46;4A:8<A4A<A78KBEE4G8 46;4A:8<AG;88FG<@4G8B9G;84@BHAG
8KC86G87GB58C4L45?8HA78E4E8F<7H4?I4?H8:H4E4AG88 BE4F4CCEBCE<4G8 6;4A:8F<AG;84FF8FF@8AGB9J;8G;8E4CHE6;4F8
BE8KG8AF<BABCG<BA<FE84FBA45?L68EG4<AGB588K8E6<F87BE4G8E@<A4G<BABCG<BA<FE84FBA45?L68EG4<AABGGB588K8E6<F87 
1;8A 4 ?84F8 ?<45<?<GL <F E8@84FHE87  4 6BEE8FCBA7<A: 47=HFG@8AG <F 4?FB @478 GB G;8 64EEL<A: 4@BHAG B9 G;8 E<:;G B9 HF8
4FF8G
%+.00".)("/"/*!("/"/+#(+32(1"//"0/
.;8B@C4AL;4F8?86G87GBABGE86B:A<M8E<:;G B9 HF84FF8GF4A7?84F8?<45<?<G<8F9BEF;BEG G8E@?84F8FG;4G;4I84?84F8G8E@
B9@BAG;FBE?8FF 4A7?84F8FB9?BJ I4?H84FF8GF .;8B@C4AL6BAG<AH8FGBE86B:A<M8G;8?84F8C4L@8AGF4FFB6<4G87J<G;
G;8F8?84F8F4F4A8KC8AF8BI8EG;8G8E@B9G;8?84F8BA4FGE4<:;G ?<A854F<F
  BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4ALE86B:A<M87 4A7 B978CE86<4G<BA8KC8AF8BAE<:;G B9 HF84FF8GF
4A7<AG8E8FG8KC8AF8BA?84F8?<45<?<G<8F E8FC86G<I8?L  4A7  F4G868@58E   B9?84F8?<45<?<G<8F
J8E8 6?4FF<9<87 4F 6HEE8AG ?84F8 ?<45<?<G<8F 4A7 E86BE787 <A )G;8E 6HEE8AG ?<45<?<G<8F    J;<?8 ABA 6HEE8AG ?84F8
?<45<?<G<8FJ8E8   




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report       144 TMX Group Limited                                                    
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

                                                                                                                        ):89E @7FD62DD6ED
 @DE
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                                                          
 &84F8@B7<9<64G<BAF                                                                                                                  
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                                                         
 55:E:@?D                                                                                                                             
 #62D6>@5:7:42E:@?D                                                                                                                   
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                                         


 44F>F=2E652>@CE:K2E:@?
 4?4A684G$4AH4EL                                                                                                             
 ;4E:89BEG;8L84E                                                                                                                    
 4?4A684G868@58E                                                                                                           
 92C867@CE96J62C                                                                                                                    
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                                           
 %6E3@@<G2=F6
 G868@58E                                                                                                                  
 E646>36C                                                                                                                    


.;8B@C4AL?84F8FF8I8E4?CE8@<F8F .;84I8E4:8?84F8G8E@<FL84EF
.;8 B@C4AL <F 4?FB E8FCBAF<5?8 9BE 477<G<BA4? G4K8F  @4<AG8A4A68 4A7 BG;8E 7<E86G 6;4E:8F J<G; E8FC86G GB <GF ?84F8F  .;8
477<G<BA4?4@BHAGJ4F 9BEQ  
.;8 9<:HE8F 45BI8 7B ABG <A6?H78 G;8 B@C4ALSF B5?<:4G<BAF GB E8FGBE8 68EG4<A ?84F87 CE8@<F8F GB G;8<E BE<:<A4? 6BA7<G<BA
ABG8
.;8B@C4AL4:E887GB4CE8@<F8?84F86BAGE46GG;4GJ<??6B@@8A68<A$4AH4EL .;89HGHE8?84F8C4L@8AGF9BEG;8ABA
64A68??45?8?84F86BAGE46G4E8 J<G;<ABA8L84E  J<G;<A9<I8L84EF 4A7 G;8E849G8E
$%$%++& )*
#A'4E6; G;8#-4@8A787# ,- "/"/ GB8KG8A7G;8CE46G<64?8KC87<8AG<AGEB7H687<A'4L<AE8FCBAF8GB
G;8 )0#  C4A78@<6  <A BE78E GB C8E@<G ?8FF88F GB 4CC?L <G GB E8AG 6BA68FF<BAF 9BE J;<6; E87H6G<BAF <A ?84F8 C4L@8AGF
49986GC4L@8AGF7H8BABE589BE8$HA8 8KG8A7879EB@$HA8  .;8B@C4AL84E?L47BCG87G;<F4@8A7@8AG
9EB@$4AH4EL  .;<F4@8A7@8AG7<7ABG;4I84F<:A<9<64AG<@C46GBAG;8B@C4ALF9<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF
*&$$ +$%+*%)+*
/A78EG;8-E86B:A<G<BABE78EF:E4AG875LG;8)-4A7G;8' 988F9BEF8EI<68F4A7CEB7H6GFB998E875L-?84E<A:J<??
58G;BF8988F<A89986GBA(BI8@58E T54F8988FU -?84E<A:64AABG47=HFG988FJ<G;BHGG;84CCEBI4?B9G;8
)- ' 4A7G;8E<G<F;B?H@5<4-86HE<G<8FB@@<FF<BAT-U #A477<G<BA -?84E<A:@4LBA?LF88>4CCEBI4?9BE988
<A6E84F8F BA 6?84E<A: 4A7 BG;8E 6BE8 - ?84E<A: F8EI<68F J;<6; F8EI<68F 4E8 BHG?<A87 <A G;8 )- 4A7 '  E86B:A<G<BA
BE78EFJ;8E8G;8E8;4F588A4F<:A<9<64AG6;4A:89EB@6<E6H@FG4A68F8K<FG<A:4F4GH:HFG  G;889986G<I874G8B9G;8
E86B:A<G<BABE78EF
/A78EG;8-E86B:A<G<BABE78EF:E4AG875LG;8)-4A7' -J<??F;4E84AL4AAH4?E8I8AH8<A6E84F8FBA6?84E<A:4A7
BG;8E6BE8-?84E<A:F8EI<68F 4F6B@C4E87GBE8I8AH8F<A9<F64?L84E9BEG;8 @BAG;C8E<B78A7<A:)6GB58E 
 BA454F<FJ<G;*4EG<6<C4AGF
 BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8E854G8C4L45?84@BHAG87GB Q 
#A477<G<BA G;8B@C4AL<F@4A74G87GBE854G84A477<G<BA4?4@BHAGGB*4EG<6<C4AGF<AE8FC86GB98K6;4A:86?84E<A:F8EI<68F
9BEGE478F6BA7H6G87BA4A8K6;4A:8BE?G8EA4G<I8.E47<A:-LFG8@T.-U .;<FE854G8:E47H4??L<A6E84F87BI8EG;8L84EFGB
E846;<GF@4K<@H@B9 4AAH4??L<A)6GB58E
.;8F8E854G8F4E8466EH874A7E86BE7874F4E87H6G<BA4:4<AFGE8I8AH8<AG;8L84EGBJ;<6;G;8LE8?4G8



.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report     145 TMX Group Limited                                                     
                                                                                     %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                   @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

&+)&$$ +$%+*
.;8 B@C4AL ;4F BG;8E 6B@@<G@8AGF <A G;8 9BE@ B9 ?BA: G8E@ 6BAGE46GF E8?4G87 GB G86;AB?B:L <A G;8 4@BHAG B9   B9
J;<6; <FC4L45?8<ABA8L84E

%&+L&+)**+*%&+)#  # + *

&+)**+*
)G;8E6HEE8AG4A7ABA 6HEE8AG4FF8GF4E86B@CE<F87B9
 D2E                                                                                 646>36C              868@58E 
 *E8C4<78KC8AF8F                                                                                                          
 HEE8AG<A6B@8G4K4FF8GF                                                                                                     
 &E96C4FCC6?E2DD6ED                                                                                                     

 #AI8FG@8AGF<A8DH<GL466BHAG87<AI8FG88FABG8                                                                        
 66EH878@C?BL8858A89<G4FF8GFABG8                                                                                     
 *E8@<F8F4A78DH<C@8AG                                                                                                       
 *EB@<FFBELABG8                                                                                      M                           
 )G;8E                                                                                                                          
 &E96C?@? 4FCC6?E2DD6ED                                                                                                 


&+)#  # + *
)G;8E6HEE8AG4A7ABA 6HEE8AG?<45<?<G<8F4E86B@CE<F87B9
 D2E                                                                                 646>36C              868@58E 
 898EE87E8I8AH8ABG8                                                                                                
 *EBI<F<BAFABG8                                                                                                          
 HEE8AG?84F8?<45<?<G<8FABG8                                                                                          
 .BG4?E8GHEAFJ4CFABG8                                                                                                  
 HEE8AG<A6B@8G4K?<45<?<G<8F                                                                                             
 )G;8E                                                                                                                        R
 &E96C4FCC6?E=:23:=:E:6D                                                                                                 

 898EE87E8I8AH8ABG8                                                                                                   
 *EBI<F<BAFABG8                                                                                                           
 &BA: G8E@<A68AG<I8C?4A4A77<E86GBE6B@C8AF4G<BAB5?<:4G<BAFABG8                                                       
 66EH878@C?BL8858A89<GFC4L45?8ABG8                                                                                   
 )G;8E                                                                                                                           R
 &E96C?@? 4FCC6?E=:23:=:E:6D                                                                                               

%&+L*)L*'0$%+*

/A78EG;8?BA: G8E@<A68AG<I8C?4AT&.#*U 68EG4<A8@C?BL88F4A7B99<68EFB9G;8B@C4ALJ<??E868<I84@<KB9&.#*4J4E7F
6BAF<FG<A: B9 F;4E8 BCG<BAF  G<@8 54F87 E8FGE<6G87 F;4E8 HA<GF ,-/F  4A7 C8E9BE@4A68 54F87 E8FGE<6G87 F;4E8 HA<GF
E898EE87GB4F*-/F  BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4ALE86B:A<M876B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF8KC8AF8
HA78EG;89B??BJ<A:F;4E8 54F87C4L@8AG4EE4A:8@8AGF
V    -;4E8BCG<BAC?4A
V    ,8FGE<6G87F;4E8HA<G C8E9BE@4A68 54F87E8FGE<6G87F;4E8HA<G4A77898EE87F;4E8HA<GC?4AF4A7
V    @C?BL88F;4E8CHE6;4F8C?4A
*)&'+ &%'#%
.;8F;4E8BCG<BAC?4A;4FBCG<BAFG;4GI8FG<ADH4EG8EFBI8EL84EF4A7;4I84@4K<@H@G8E@B9L84EF /A78EG;8F;4E8
BCG<BAC?4A G;894<EI4?H8B9F;4E8BCG<BAF:E4AG87J4F8FG<@4G87BAG;874G8B9:E4AGHF<A:G;8?46> -6;B?8FBCG<BACE<6<A:
@B78? J<G; G;8 9B??BJ<A: 4FFH@CG<BAF 4 F;4E8 CE<68 B9 58GJ88A   4A7   7B??4EF  Q   7B??4EF 4

.'2!,)/*&#'#.                           2021 Annual Report     146 TMX Group Limited                                               
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

7<I<78A7 L<8?7 B9    Q   4A 8KC86G87 ?<98 B9 58GJ88A  4A7  L84EF  Q  4A7  L84EF 4A 8KC86G87
IB?4G<?<GLB958GJ88A 4A7 Q 4A7 4E<F> 9E88<AG8E8FGE4G8B958GJ88A 4A7 
Q 4A7 4A78KC86G879BE98<GHE8E4G8FB958GJ88A 4A7 Q 4A7  .;84FFH@CG<BAF4E8
54F87BAG;8B@C4ALSF;<FGBE<64?F;4E8CE<68@BI8@8AGF4A7;<FGBE<64?7<I<78A7CB?<6L4A7G;88KC86G87?<98<F54F87BAG;8
B@C4ALFC4FG8KC8E<8A68 .;8E8FH?G<A:J8<:;G874I8E4:894<EI4?H864?6H?4G879BEF;4E8BCG<BAF:E4AG87<AJ4F 
7B??4EFQ 7B??4EF
)CG<BAFBHGFG4A7<A:4G868@58E J<??8KC<E8<A      4A7
'BI8@8AGF<AG;8AH@58EB9F;4E8BCG<BAFBHGFG4A7<A:4E84F9B??BJF

 @CE96J62C6?565                                                          646>36C                            868@58E 
                                                                           .6:89E652G6C286                      18<:;G874I8E4:8
                                                          %F>36C@7D92C6     6I6C4:D6AC:46   (H@58EB9F;4E8      8K8E6<F8CE<68
                                                                  @AE:@?D         :?5@==2CD          BCG<BAF          <A7B??4EF
 )HGFG4A7<A: 58:<AA<A:B9G;8C8E<B7                                                                
 !E4AG87                                                                                               
  BE98<G87                                                                                                  
 K8E6<F87                                                                                                 
 &FEDE2?5:?82D2E646>36C                                                                             

 -6DE652?56I6C4:D23=62D2E646>36C                                                                    

.;8E4A:8B98K8E6<F8CE<68F4A7J8<:;G874I8E4:8E8@4<A<A:6BAGE46GH4??<98B9BCG<BAFBHGFG4A7<A:4E84F9B??BJF

 D2E                                                                       646>36C                     868@58E 
                                                                              .6:89E652G6C286                   18<:;G874I8E4:8
                                                            %F>36C@7D92C6         C6>2:?:?8 (H@58EB9F;4E8          E8@4<A<A:
 I6C4:D6AC:46C2?86:?5@==2CD                                  @AE:@?D     4@?EC24EF2==:76        BCG<BAF      6BAGE46GH4??<98
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                
                                                                                               
                                                                                    R                  M
                                                                                                          

.;8 B@C4AL 466BHAGF 9BE <GF F;4E8 BCG<BA C?4A GB 8?<:<5?8 8@C?BL88F J;<6; 64??F 9BE F8GG?8@8AG 5L G;8 <FFH4A68 B9 8DH<GL
<AFGEH@8AGFHF<A:G;894<EI4?H854F87@8G;B7 /A78EG;894<EI4?H854F87@8G;B7 6B@C8AF4G<BA6BFG4GGE<5HG45?8GBBCG<BAF
GB8@C?BL88F<F@84FHE874G94<EI4?H84GG;8:E4AG74G8 HF<A:4E86B:A<M87BCG<BACE<6<A:@B78? 4A74@BEG<M87BI8EG;8
I8FG<A:C8E<B7 .;84@BHAGE86B:A<M874F4A8KC8AF8<F47=HFG87GBE89?86GG;846GH4?AH@58EB9BCG<BAF8KC86G87GBI8FG  BE
G;8 L84E 8A787 868@58E     G;8 B@C4AL E86B:A<M87 6B@C8AF4G<BA 4A7 58A89<GF 8KC8AF8 B9   <A E8?4G<BA GB <GF
F;4E8BCG<BAC?4AQ 
66BE7<A: GB G;8 G8E@F B9 G;8 B@C4ALSF C?4A  HA78E AB 6<E6H@FG4A68F @4L 4AL BA8 C8EFBASF F;4E8 BCG<BAF 4A7 4?? BG;8E
F;4E86B@C8AF4G<BA4EE4A:8@8AGF8K6887B9G;8BHGFG4A7<A:6B@@BAF;4E8F<FFH87B9G;8B@C4AL G868@58E 
   6B@@BAF;4E8FB9G;8B@C4ALE8@4<AE8F8EI879BE<FFH4A68HCBA8K8E6<F8B9F;4E8BCG<BAF:E4AG87HA78E
G;8C?4A E8CE8F8AG<A:4CCEBK<@4G8?LB9G;8BHGFG4A7<A:6B@@BAF;4E8FB9G;8B@C4AL
)*+) +*),% +N)*,O ')&)$% *)*+) +*),% +'*,%))*),% +
N*,O'#%*
,-/F4A7*-/FI8FGBI8E4@4K<@H@B9@BAG;F4A7:8A8E4??L4E8C4L45?8CEBI<787G;88@C?BL88<FFG<??8@C?BL875LG;8
B@C4AL4GG;88A7B9G;8F86BA764?8A74EL84E9B??BJ<A:G;864?8A74EL84E<AJ;<6;G;8,-/F4A7*-/FJ8E8:E4AG87 #AG;8
64F8B9G;8*-/F G;84@BHAGB9G;84J4E7C4L45?84GG;88A7B9G;<FI8FG<A:C8E<B7J<??5878G8E@<A875L4946GBEB9GBG4?
F;4E8;B?78EE8GHEAI8EFHFG;8GBG4?:EBFFE8GHEAB9G;8-*.-2B@CBF<G8#A78KBI8EG;8C8E<B7 .BG4?F;4E8;B?78EE8GHEA
E8CE8F8AGFG;84CCE86<4G<BA<AF;4E8CE<68B9G;8B@C4ALC?HF7<I<78A7FC4<7BA46B@@BAF;4E8B9G;8B@C4AL @84FHE87
4GG;8G<@8G;8*-/FI8FG



.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report     147 TMX Group Limited                                                   
                                                                                       %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                     @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

.;8B@C4AL;4F4C?4AG;4G 4@BA:BG;8EG;<A:F :<I8F8K86HG<I8FJ;B;4I8ABG@8GG;8<E8DH<GLBJA8EF;<CE8DH<E8@8AGF
G;8 BCCBEGHA<GL GB 6BAI8EG 4?? BE C4EG B9 G;8<E F;BEG G8E@ <A68AG<I8 4J4E7 <AGB 7898EE87 F;4E8 HA<GF -/F  #A 477<G<BA 
@8@58EF B9 G;8 B4E7 B9 <E86GBEF J;B 7B ABG J4<I8 G;8<E 6B@C8AF4G<BA BE 7<E86G G;4G <G 58 C4<7 GB G;8<E 8@C?BL8E 4E8
:E4AG87-/F4AAH4??L4A74E84?FB:<I8AG;8BCCBEGHA<GLGB6BAI8EGFB@8B9G;8<E4AAH4?E8@HA8E4G<BA<AGB-/F .;8-/F
I8FG<@@87<4G8?L .;84@BHAGB9G;84J4E7C4L45?8<F54F87BAG;8AH@58EB9HA<GFBHGFG4A7<A:@H?G<C?<875LG;8 74L
IB?H@8J8<:;G874I8E4:8CE<68B9G;8B@C4ALSF6B@@BAF;4E8F4GG;874G8B9G;8C4LBHG .;8-/FJ<??BA?L58C4<7BHG
J;8A G;8 -/ ;B?78E E8G<E8F BE BG;8EJ<F8 684F8F GB ;B?7 4AL CBF<G<BA J<G; G;8 B@C4AL BE FH6; B9 <GF FH5F<7<4E<8F 4F 4E8
78F<:A4G879EB@G<@8GBG<@8 
.;8B@C4ALE86BE7F<GFB5?<:4G<BA9BEG;8,-/F4A7*-/F <94AL BI8EG;8F8EI<68C8E<B7<AJ;<6;G;84J4E7<F84EA87 .;8
?<45<?<GL<F@84FHE874G94<EI4?H8BAG;874G8B9:E4AG4A74G846;FH5F8DH8AGE8CBEG<A:74G8 F4G868@58E  G;8
GBG4?466EH4?9BEG;8B@C4ALSF,-/F *-/F4A7-/FJ4F  J;<6;<A6?H78F <AGE4784A7BG;8EC4L45?8F4A7 
<ABG;8EABA 6HEE8AG?<45<?<G<8FQ   4A7  E8FC86G<I8?L
.;8@4K<@H@4@BHAGGB58C4<7<FABG>ABJAHAG<?G;84J4E7F586B@8C4L45?84A7J<??5854F87BAGBG4?F;4E8;B?78EE8GHEA
9EB@ G;8 74G8 B9 :E4AG GB G;8 G<@8 B9 C4LBHG  .;8 466EH4? <F 54F87 BA G;8  74L IB?H@8 J8<:;G87 4I8E4:8 CE<68 B9 G;8
B@C4ALSF6B@@BAF;4E8F4GG;88A7B9G;8E8CBEG<A:C8E<B7 
B@C8AF4G<BA6BFG4GGE<5HG45?8GBG;8F88@C?BL884J4E7FJ;<6;64??9BEF8GG?8@8AG<A64F;<F@84FHE874G94<EI4?H84G846;
E8CBEG<A:74G8 ;4A:8F<A94<EI4?H858GJ88AG;8:E4AG74G84A7G;8@84FHE8@8AG74G84E8E86B:A<M87<AG;86BAFB?<74G87
<A6B@8FG4G8@8AGBI8EG;8I8FG<A:C8E<B7 J<G;46BEE8FCBA7<A:6;4A:8<A8<G;8E6HEE8AGBEABA 6HEE8AG?<45<?<G<8F 78C8A7<A:
BAG;8C8E<B7<AJ;<6;G;84J4E7<F8KC86G87GB58C4<7  BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4ALE86B:A<M87
6B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF8KC8AF84A7F8??<A: :8A8E4?4A747@<A<FGE4G<BA8KC8AF8B9 4A7  E8FC86G<I8?L <AE8?4G<BA
GB<GF,-/F *-/F4A7-/FQ 4A7  E8FC86G<I8?L
.;8 B@C4AL ;4F 8AG8E87 <AGB 4 F8E<8F B9 .,-F J;<6; FLAG;8G<64??L E8C?<64G8 G;8 86BAB@<6F B9 G;8 B@C4AL CHE6;4F<A: <GF
F;4E8F4F4C4EG<4?86BAB@<6;87:8GBG;8F;4E84CCE86<4G<BAE<:;GFB9,-/F *-/F 4A7-/F 
.;8B@C4AL;4F6?4FF<9<87<GFF8E<8FB9.,-F4F94<EI4?H8G;EBH:;CEB9<G4A7?BFF4A7@4E>FGB@4E>8GG;894<EI4?H8B9G;8
.,-F4F4A47=HFG@8AGGB<A6B@8 .;8B@C4AL4?FBF<@H?G4A8BHF?L@4E>FGB@4E>8GG;8?<45<?<GLGB;B?78EFB9G;8HA<GF4F4A
47=HFG@8AGGB<A6B@8  4<EI4?H8<F54F87BAG;8F;4E8CE<68B9G;8B@C4ALSF6B@@BAF;4E8F4GG;88A7B9G;8E8CBEG<A:
C8E<B7  .;8 94<E I4?H8 B9 G;8 .,-F 4A7 G;8 B5?<:4G<BA GB HA<G ;B?78EF 4E8 E89?86G87 BA G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 54?4A68 F;88G  .;8
6BAGE46GF4E8F8GG?87<A64F;HCBA@4GHE<GL 
 BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  HAE84?<M87:4<AFB9 4A7E84?<M87?BFF8FB9 E8?4G87GB.,-F E8FC86G<I8?L;4I8
588A E89?86G87 <A G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 <A6B@8 FG4G8@8AG  Q HAE84?<M87 ?BFF8F B9   4A7 E84?<M87 :4<AF B9   
E8FC86G<I8?L
$'#&0*)',)*'#%
.;8 B@C4AL ;4F 4A 8@C?BL88 F;4E8 CHE6;4F8 C?4A 9BE 8?<:<5?8 8@C?BL88F B9 G;8 B@C4AL  /A78E G;8 8@C?BL88 F;4E8
CHE6;4F8 C?4A  6BAGE<5HG<BAF 5L G;8 B@C4AL 4A7 5L 8?<:<5?8 8@C?BL88F J<?? 58 HF87 5L G;8 C?4A 47@<A<FGE4GBE  GB @4>8
CHE6;4F8F B9 6B@@BA F;4E8F B9 G;8 B@C4AL BA G;8 BC8A @4E>8G  9986G<I8 '4L     846; 8?<:<5?8 8@C?BL88 @4L
6BAGE<5HG8 HC GB  CE8I<BHF?L  B9 G;8 8@C?BL88F F4?4EL GB G;8 8@C?BL88 F;4E8 CHE6;4F8 C?4A  .;8 B@C4AL J<??
6BAGE<5HG8 GB G;8 C?4A 47@<A<FGE4GBE G;8 9HA7F E8DH<E87 GB CHE6;4F8 BA8 6B@@BA F;4E8 B9 G;8 B@C4AL 9BE 846; GJB
6B@@BA F;4E8F CHE6;4F87 BA 58;4?9 B9 G;8 8?<:<5?8 8@C?BL88  HC GB 4 @4K<@H@ 4AAH4? 6BAGE<5HG<BA B9   7B??4EF C8E
L84E 
.;8B@C4AL466BHAGF9BE<GF6BAGE<5HG<BAF4F6B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF8KC8AF8J;8AG;84@BHAGF4E86BAGE<5HG87GBG;8
C?4A  BEG;8L84E8A787868@58E  6B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF8KC8AF8E8?4G87GBG;<FC?4AJ4F Q 




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      148 TMX Group Limited                                                   
                                                                                       %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                     @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

%&+L$'#&0,+,)% +*

.;8 B@C4AL ;4F E8:<FG8E87 C8AF<BA C?4AF J<G; 5BG; 4 789<A87 6BAGE<5HG<BA G<8E 4A7 4 789<A87 58A89<G G<8E 6BI8E<A:
FH5FG4AG<4??L 4?? 8@C?BL88F  4F J8?? 4F FHCC?8@8AG4EL <A6B@8 C?4AF -#* 9BE F8A<BE @4A4:8@8AG  .;8 6BFGF B9 G;8F8
CEB:E4@F 4E8 58<A: 9HA787 6HEE8AG?L  8K68CG 9BE G;8 '2 -#*  J;8E8 4 CBEG<BA <F :H4E4AG887 5L 4 ?8GG8E B9 :H4E4AG88  .;8
B@C4AL 4?FB CEBI<78F BG;8E CBFG E8G<E8@8AG 4A7 CBFG 8@C?BL@8AG 58A89<GF  FH6; 4F FHCC?8@8AG4EL @87<64? 4A7 78AG4?
6BI8E4:8 J;<6;4E89HA787BA464F;54F<F5LG;8B@C4AL 4A76BAGE<5HG<BAF9EB@C?4A@8@58EF<AFB@86<E6H@FG4A68F
 %&%+) ,+ &%'#%*
 BE 789<A87 6BAGE<5HG<BA C?4AF  G;8 8KC8AF8 <F 6;4E:87 GB 6B@C8AF4G<BA 4A7 58A89<GF 8KC8AF8 <A G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 <A6B@8
FG4G8@8AG4F<G<F<A6HEE87 .;8GBG4?8KC8AF8E86B:A<M87<AE8FC86GB9G;8B@C4ALSF789<A876BAGE<5HG<BAC?4AF9BEG;8L84E
8A787868@58E  J4F  J;<6;E8CE8F8AGFG;88@C?BL8E6BAGE<5HG<BAF9BEG;8C8E<B7Q  
 %% +'#%*
.;8B@C4AL@84FHE8FG;8CE8F8AGI4?H8B9<GF789<A8758A89<GB5?<:4G<BAF4A7G;894<EI4?H8B9C?4A4FF8GF9BE466BHAG<A:
CHECBF8F4F4GG;854?4A68F;88G74G8B9846;9<F64?L84E .;8@BFGE868AG46GH4E<4?I4?H4G<BAB9G;8E8:<FG8E87C8AF<BAC?4A
9BE9HA7<A:CHECBF8FJ4F4F4G868@58E  4A7G;8A8KGE8DH<E87I4?H4G<BA<F4F4G868@58E   BEG;8.'2
FHCC?8@8AG4EL<A6B@8C?4A G;8@BFGE868AG46GH4E<4?I4?H4G<BA9BE9HA7<A:CHECBF8FJ4F4F4G868@58E  4A7G;8
A8KGF6;87H?87I4?H4G<BA<F4F4G868@58E   BEG;8-4A7'2-#*C?4AF G;89HA7<A:I4?H4G<BAF4E8C8E9BE@87
4AAH4??LJ<G;G;8@BFGE868AG46GH4E<4?9HA7<A:I4?H4G<BAF6B@C?8G874FB9$4AH4EL 4A7G;8A8KGF6;87H?87I4?H4G<BAF
4E84G$4AH4EL  &4FG?L 9BEG;8ABA C8AF<BACBFG E8G<E8@8AGC?4A G;8I4?H4G<BA74G8J4F'4L 4A7G;8A8KG
F6;87H?87I4?H4G<BA<F4G'4L 
.;8 466EH87 58A89<G 4FF8GF 4A7 466EH87 58A89<G B5?<:4G<BAF E8?4G87 GB G;8 B@C4ALSF 789<A87 58A89<G C8AF<BA 4A7 ABA
C8AF<BA CBFG E8G<E8@8AG C?4AF 4E8 <A6?H787 <A G;8 B@C4ALSF 6BAFB?<74G87 54?4A68 F;88G 4G 868@58E  4F 9B??BJF
                                                                                             '6?D:@?2?5* '           &E96CA@DE C6E:C6>6?E
                                                                                                       A=2?D                      36?67:EA=2?D
                                                                                                                                
 66EH878@C?BL8858A89<G4FF8GF                                                                              M              R
 66EH878@C?BL8858A89<GFC4L45?8                                                                                      
                                                                                                                      

66EH87 8@C?BL88 58A89<GF C4L45?8 BA G;8 6BAFB?<74G87 54?4A68 F;88G 4?FB <A6?H78F G;8 B5?<:4G<BA HA78E G;8 CBFG
8@C?BL@8AG58A89<GC?4AB9 Q  
.;8 B@C4ALSF A8G B5?<:4G<BA <A E8FC86G B9 C8AF<BA 4A7 -#* C?4AF <F 64?6H?4G87 F8C4E4G8?L 9BE 846; C?4A 5L 8FG<@4G<A: G;8
4@BHAG B9 9HGHE8 58A89<G G;4G 8@C?BL88F ;4I8 84EA87 <A E8GHEA 9BE G;8<E F8EI<68 <A G;8 6HEE8AG 4A7 CE<BE C8E<B7F  4A7 G;4G
58A89<G<F7<F6BHAG87GB78G8E@<A8<GFCE8F8AGI4?H84A7G;894<EI4?H8B94ALC?4A4FF8GF4E8G;8A787H6G87 .;858A89<GF4E8
54F87 HCBA 84EA<A:F 4A7 L84EF B9 F8EI<68  .;8 B@C4ALSF A8G B5?<:4G<BA <A E8FC86G B9 G;8 CBFG E8G<E8@8AG 4A7 CBFG
8@C?BL@8AG 58A89<G C?4AF <F G;8 4@BHAG B9 9HGHE8 58A89<G G;4G 8@C?BL88F ;4I8 84EA87 <A E8GHEA 9BE G;8<E F8EI<68 <A G;8
6HEE8AG4A7CE<BEC8E<B7F 7<F6BHAG87GB78G8E@<A8<GFCE8F8AGI4?H8 /A78E4??G;8F8C?4AF G;87<F6BHAGE4G8FHF874E854F87
BA4A47<4A E4G876BECBE4G85BA7L<8?7F
.;8 64?6H?4G<BA <F C8E9BE@87 4AAH4??L 5L 4A 46GH4EL 54F87 BA @4A4:8@8AGSF 58FG 8FG<@4G8F HF<A: G;8 CEB=86G87 58A89<G
@8G;B7CEB E4G87BAF8EI<68 #9G;864?6H?4G<BAE8FH?GF<A4FHEC?HF 466BHAG<A:FG4A74E7FE8DH<E8G;4G4?<@<G<FC?4687BAG;8
4@BHAGB9G;<FFHEC?HFG;4G64A58E86B:A<M874F4A4FF8G .;8GBG4?4@BHAGB9789<A8758A89<G4FF8GG;4G64A58E86B:A<M875L
G;8B@C4AL<F?<@<G87GBG;8CE8F8AGI4?H8B986BAB@<658A89<GF4I4<?45?85LJ4LB99HGHE8E89HA7FB9C?4AFHEC?HF4A7BE
E87H6G<BAF<A9HGHE86BAGE<5HG<BAFGBG;8C?4A #AG;878G8E@<A4G<BAB9G;886BAB@<658A89<G @<A<@H@9HA7<A:E8DH<E8@8AGF
E8FH?G<A: 9EB@ G;8 @BFG E868AG 46GH4E<4? 9HA7<A: I4?H4G<BAF 4E8 4?FB G4>8A <AGB 6BAF<78E4G<BA  A 86BAB@<6 58A89<G <F
6BAF<78E874I4<?45?8GBG;8B@C4AL<9<G<FE84?<M45?87HE<A:G;8?<98B9G;8C?4ABEBAF8GG?8@8AGB9G;8C?4AB5?<:4G<BAF 




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      149 TMX Group Limited                                                    
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

.;8466EH8758A89<G4FF8GF4A7466EH8758A89<G?<45<?<G<8F4E86B@CE<F87B9

                                                                                            '6?D:@?2?5* '                &E96CA@DE C6E:C6>6?E
                                                                                                      A=2?D                        36?67:EA=2?D
                                                                                                                                  
 44CF6536?67:E@3=:82E:@?
 4?4A68 58:<AA<A:B9G;8L84E                                                                                        
 -8EI<68E86BI8EL6BFG                                                                                                        
 #AG8E8FG6BFG                                                                                                                    
 8A89<GFC4<7                                                                                                             
 @C?BL886BAGE<5HG<BAF                                                                                               M             R
 6GH4E<4?:4<AF?BFF8F                                                                                                   
 2=2?462E646>36C                                                                                                

 '=2?2DD6ED
  4<EI4?H8 58:<AA<A:B9G;8L84E                                                                            M             R
 #AG8E8FG<A6B@8                                                                                                    M              R
 @C?BL8E6BAGE<5HG<BAF                                                                                                           
 @C?BL886BAGE<5HG<BAF                                                                                              M              R
 8A89<GFC4<7                                                                                                             
 *?4A47@<A<FGE4G<BA6BFG                                                                                        M              R
 6GH4E<4?:4<AF                                                                                                   M              R
 2:CG2=F62E646>36C                                                                                   M             R

 44CF6536?67:E2DD6E=:23:=:EJ2E646>36C                                                                      

*?4A4FF8GF6BAF<FGB9
                                                                               '6C46?E286@7A=2?2DD6ED
                                                                         646>36C      868@58E 
 DD6E42E68@CJ                                                                                    
 DH<GLF86HE<G<8F                                                                           
 85GF86HE<G<8F                                                                              
 )G;8E                                                                                        
                                                                                             

'2;4FCEBI<7874?8GG8EB9:H4E4AG88<AG;84@BHAGB9 GBG;858A89<GB9G;8GEHFG88B9G;8'2-#*Q  HF<A:4
C4EGB9G;8.'2!EBHC&<@<G876E87<G946<?<GLABG8
.;8F8EI<686BFG J;<6;E8CE8F8AGFG;858A89<GF466EH<A:GBG;88@C?BL88F 4?BA:J<G;G;8<AG8E8FG6BFG <FE86B:A<M87<AG;8
6B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF8KC8AF8<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG 
.;8 8?8@8AGF B9 G;8 B@C4ALSF 789<A87 58A89<G C?4A 6BFGF E86B:A<M87 <A G;8 L84E 8A787 868@58E  4E8 4F 9B??BJF
                                                                                                  '6?D:@?2?5* '         &E96CA@DE C6E:C6>6?E
                                                                                                             A=2?D                 36?67:EA=2?D
                                                                                                                                 
 -8EI<68E86BI8EL6BFG                                                                                                    
 (8G<AG8E8FG<A6B@86BFG                                                                                                    
 *?4A47@<A<FGE4G<BA6BFG                                                                                              M            R
 %6E36?67:EA=2?6IA6?D6:?4@>6C64@8?:K65:?E96:?4@>6DE2E6>6?E                                                      

.;8 B@C4AL E86B:A<M8F 4?? 46GH4E<4? :4<AF 4A7 ?BFF8F 4E<F<A: 9EB@ 789<A87 58A89<G C?4AF 4A7 CBFG E8G<E8@8AG C?4AF
<@@87<4G8?L<ABG;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@84?BA:J<G;G;88KC86G87E8GHEABAC?4A4FF8GF  BEG;8CBFG 8@C?BL@8AGC?4AF 
46GH4E<4?:4<AF4A7?BFF8F4E8E86B:A<M87J<G;<A6B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF8KC8AF8<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG 
1;8A G;8 58A89<GF B9 4 C?4A 4E8 4@8A787  G;8 CBEG<BA B9 G;8 6;4A:8 <A 58A89<G E8?4G<A: GB C4FG F8EI<68 5L 8@C?BL88F <F
E86B:A<M87<@@87<4G8?L<AG;86B@C8AF4G<BA4A758A89<GF8KC8AF8<AG;86BAFB?<74G87<A6B@8FG4G8@8AG 
.;84::E8:4G846GH4E<4?:4<AF4A7?BFF8F4A789986GFB94FF8G?<@<GFE86B:A<M87<ABG;8E6B@CE8;8AF<I8<A6B@89BEG;8L84E
8A787868@58E 4E84F9B??BJF


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report     150 TMX Group Limited                                                      
                                                                                      %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                    @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

                                                                                                   '6?D:@?2?5* '         &E96CA@DE C6E:C6>6?E
                                                                                                             A=2?D                 36?67:EA=2?D
                                                                                                                                 
 9986G7H8GB78@B:E4C;<6F                                                                  M              R                   R
 9986G7H8GB9<A4A6<4?4FFH@CG<BAF                                                                                        
 9986G7H8GB8KC8E<8A6847=HFG@8AGF                                                                                          R
 ,8GHEABAC?4A4FF8GF8K6?H7<A:<AG8E8FG<A6B@8                                                               M            R
 4EF2C:2==@DD6D82:?DC64@8?:K65:?@E96C4@>AC696?D:G6:?4@>6                                                      

.;8 F<:A<9<64AG 46GH4E<4? 4FFH@CG<BAF 47BCG87 <A @84FHE<A: G;8 B5?<:4G<BA 4F 4G 868@58E  4E8 4F 9B??BJF
                                                                                                '6?D:@?2?5* '           &E96CA@DE C6E:C6>6?E
                                                                                                           A=2?D                   36?67:EA=2?D
                                                                                                                                 
 <F6BHAGE4G8J8<:;G874I8E4:8                                                                                          
 #A9?4G<BAE4G86BAFH@8ECE<68<A78K                                                                              ? 2          A4
 B@@HG87I4?H8                                                                                                      ? 2          A4
 ,4G8B96B@C8AF4G<BA<A6E84F8                                                                                        ? 2          A4

FFH@CG<BAF E8:4E7<A: @BEG4?<GL E4G8F 4E8 54F87 BA CH5?<F;87 FG4G<FG<6F 4A7 @BEG4?<GL G45?8F  .;8 @BEG4?<GL G45?8F HF87 <A
4A79BEG;8C8AF<BA -#*4A7BG;8ECBFG E8G<E8@8AGC?4AFJ4FG;84A47<4A*8AF<BA8E'BEG4?<GL*'CE<I4G8
F86GBE G45?8 J<G; CEB=86G<BA F64?8 *'  4A7 *' G45?8 J<G; CEB=86G<BA F64?8 *'  9BE ?H@C FH@ C4L@8AGF  .;8
4FFH@87 ;84?G; 64E8 6BFG GE8A7 E4G8 4G 868@58E    J4F   786E84F<A: GB   BI8E  L84EF  Q  
786E84F<A:GB BI8EL84EF
G868@58E  G;8J8<:;G87 4I8E4:87HE4G<BAB9G;8789<A8758A89<GB5?<:4G<BAJ4F4CCEBK<@4G8?LL84EF 
L84EF
,84FBA45?LCBFF<5?86;4A:8FGBBA8B9G;8E8?8I4AG46GH4E<4?4FFH@CG<BAF ;B?7<A:BG;8E4FFH@CG<BAF6BAFG4AG JBH?7<@C46G
G;8466EH8758A89<GB5?<:4G<BAF4F9B??BJF
                                                                                              '6?D:@?2?5* '           &E96CA@DE C6E:C6>6?E
                                                                                                         A=2?D                   36?67:EA=2?D
  ?4C62D6 64C62D6                                                                                                           
 5CF786E84F8<AG;87<F6BHAGE4G8                                                                               
 5CF<A6E84F8<AG;87<F6BHAGE4G8                                                                                          
 L84E<A6E84F8<A@BEG4?<GLE4G8F                                                                                      
 5CF786E84F8<A<A<G<4?4A7H?G<@4G8GE8A7E4G8F                                        ? 2            A4                         
 5CF<A6E84F8<A<A<G<4?4A7H?G<@4G8GE8A7E4G8F                                        ? 2            A4                      

#A   G;8 B@C4AL 8KC86GF GB 6BAGE<5HG8 4CCEBK<@4G8?L   GB <GF C8AF<BA 4A7 BG;8E CBFG E8G<E8@8AG 58A89<G C?4AF 
77<G<BA4? 4@BHAGF GB 58 6BAGE<5HG87 GB G;8 B@C4ALSF -#* C?4AF J<?? 58 78G8E@<A87 5L @4A4:8@8AG BA68 G;8 I4?H4G<BAF
;4I8588ACE8C4E87

%&+L*)' +#

.;8 4HG;BE<M87 64C<G4? B9 G;8 B@C4AL 6BAF<FGF B9 4A HA?<@<G87 AH@58E B9 6B@@BA F;4E8F 4A7 4A HA?<@<G87 AH@58E B9
CE898E8A68F;4E8F <FFH45?8<AF8E<8F (BCE898E8A68F;4E8F;4I8588A<FFH87
46; 6B@@BA F;4E8 B9 G;8 B@C4AL 8AG<G?8F <GF ;B?78E GB BA8 IBG8 4G 4?? @88G<A:F B9 F;4E8;B?78EF FH5=86G GB 68EG4<A
E8FGE<6G<BAFJ<G;E8FC86GGBG;8IBG<A:E<:;GF4A7G;8GE4AF98E45<?<GLB9G;8F;4E8F (BC8EFBABE6B@5<A4G<BAB9C8EFBAF46G<A:
=B<AG?LBE<A6BA68EG<FC8E@<GG87GB58A89<6<4??LBJABE8K8E6<F86BAGEB?BE7<E86G<BABI8E@BE8G;4AB94AL6?4FFBEF8E<8F
B9IBG<A:F;4E8FB9G;8B@C4ALJ<G;BHGG;8CE<BE4CCEBI4?B9G;8)-4A7G;8' 
46;6B@@BAF;4E8B9G;8B@C4AL<F4?FB8AG<G?87GBE868<I87<I<78A7F<9 4F4A7J;8A786?4E875LG;8B4E7B9<E86GBEFB9
G;8 B@C4AL  ?? 7<I<78A7F G;4G G;8 B4E7 B9 <E86GBEF B9 G;8 B@C4AL @4L 786?4E8 4A7 C4L J<?? 58 786?4E87 4A7 C4<7 <A
8DH4?4@BHAGFC8EF;4E8BA4??6B@@BAF;4E8F FH5=86GGBG;8E<:;GFB9;B?78EFB9G;8CE898E8A68F;4E8F "B?78EFB96B@@BA


.'2!,)/*&#'#.                              2021 Annual Report    151 TMX Group Limited                                                         
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

F;4E8FJ<??C4EG<6<C4G8<A4AL7<FGE<5HG<BAB9G;8A8G4FF8GFB9G;8B@C4ALHCBA?<DH<74G<BA 7<FFB?HG<BABEJ<A7<A:QHCBA4A
8DH4?54F<FC8EF;4E8 5HGFH5=86GGBG;8E<:;GFB9G;8;B?78EFB9G;8CE898E8A68F;4E8F
.;8E8 4E8 AB CE88@CG<I8  E878@CG<BA  CHE6;4F8 BE 6BAI8EF<BA E<:;GF 4GG46;<A: GB G;8 6B@@BA F;4E8F  8K68CG 9BE G;8
6B@CH?FBEL F4?8 B9 F;4E8F BE E878@CG<BA CEBI<F<BA 78F6E<587 <A 6BAA86G<BA J<G; 8A9BE6<A: G;8 E8FGE<6G<BA BA BJA8EF;<C B9
IBG<A:F;4E8FB9G;8B@C4AL
)A 85EH4EL  G;8B@C4AL4AABHA687G;4GG;8.-24668CG87<GFA8JABE@4?6BHEF8<FFH8E5<7(#HA78E
J;<6;<G64ACHE6;4F89BE64A68??4G<BAHCGB4@4K<@H@AH@58EB9 B9<GF6B@@BAF;4E8F *HE6;4F8FHA78EG;8(#
6B@@8A687BA'4E6; 4A7J8E8@4784GCE8I4<?<A:@4E>8GCE<68F4GG;8G<@8B946DH<F<G<BA4A7<A466BE74A68
J<G; G;8 EH?8F 4A7 CB?<6<8F B9 G;8 .-2  )A (BI8@58E     G;8 B@C4AL E846;87 G;8 @4K<@H@ AH@58E B9 F;4E8F
4I4<?45?89BEE8CHE6;4F8 
HE<A: G;8 L84E 8A787 868@58E     G;8 B@C4AL CHE6;4F87   6B@@BA F;4E8F 9BE 64A68??4G<BA HA78E (#
  4G 4A 4I8E4:8 CE<68 B9   7B??4EF  4A7 9BE 4 GBG4? 4@BHAG B9     AB 6B@@BA F;4E8F CHE6;4F8F 9BE
64A68??4G<BAHA78E(# 
)A$4AH4EL  G;8B@C4AL6B@C?8G87G;8CHE6;4F8B9<GF6B@@BAF;4E8FHA78E<GFCE8I<BHFABE@4?6BHEF8<FFH8E5<7
(#   J;<6; 6B@@8A687 BA '4E6;     4F G;8 B@C4AL E846;87 G;8 @4K<@H@ AH@58E B9   F;4E8F
4I4<?45?89BEE8CHE6;4F8
HE<A:G;8L84E8A787868@58E  G;8B@C4ALCHE6;4F87 6B@@BAF;4E8F9BE64A68??4G<BAHA78E(# 
4G 4A 4I8E4:8 CE<68 B9   7B??4EF  4A7 9BE 4 GBG4? 4@BHAG B9       6B@@BA F;4E8F CHE6;4F87 4G 4A
4I8E4:8CE<68B9 7B??4EF4A79BE4GBG4?4@BHAGB9  
.;89B??BJ<A:GE4AF46G<BAFB66HEE87J<G;E8FC86GGBG;8B@C4ALSF6B@@BAF;4E8F7HE<A:G;8C8E<B7
                                                                 %F>36C@74@>>@?D92C6D
                                                                       :DDF652?57F==JA2:5                                   *92C642A:E2=
                                                                                                                             
 4?4A68 58:<AA<A:B9G;8C8E<B7                                                                            
 )CG<BAF8K8E6<F87                                                                                                  
 -;4E8FE8CHE6;4F87HA78EABE@4?6BHEF8
 <FFH8E5<7                                                                                                     
 2=2?462D2E646>36C                                                                                  

.;8B@C4ALSFF;4E8FGE478BA.BEBAGB-GB6>K6;4A:8HA78EG;8FL@5B?T2U

%&+L)#+')+0)#+ &%* '*%+)%*+ &%*

')%+
.;8F;4E8FB9G;8B@C4AL4E8J<78?L;8?74A74FFH6;G;8E8<FABH?G<@4G86BAGEB??<A:C4EGLB9G;8B@C4AL /A78EG;8)-
4A7' E86B:A<G<BABE78EF ABC8EFBABE6B@5<A4G<BAB9C8EFBAF46G<A:=B<AG?LBE<A6BA68EG<FC8E@<GG87GB58A89<6<4??LBJA
BE 8K8E6<F8 6BAGEB? B9 7<E86G<BA BI8E @BE8 G;4A  B9 4AL 6?4FF BE F8E<8F B9 IBG<A: F;4E8F B9 G;8 B@C4AL J<G;BHG CE<BE
4CCEBI4?B9G;8)-4A7G;8'
"0$%$%+')*&%%#&$'%*+ &%
B@C8AF4G<BA9BE>8L@4A4:8@8AGC8EFBAA8? <A6?H7<A:G;8B@C4ALSFB4E7B9<E86GBEF J4F4F9B??BJF
 @CE96J62C6?565                                                                         646>36C                868@58E 
 -4?4E<8F4A7BG;8EF;BEG G8E@8@C?BL8858A89<GF 4A7G8E@<A4G<BA58A89<GF                                                       
 *BFG 8@C?BL@8AG58A89<GF                                                                                                             
 -;4E8 54F87C4L@8AGF                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                 




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                            2021 Annual Report      152 TMX Group Limited                                                     
                                                                                         %@E6DE@E96@?D@=:52E65:?2?4:2=*E2E6>6?ED
                                                                                       @CE96J62CD6?565646>36C  2?5 

%&+L - %*

<I<78A7FE86B:A<M874A7C4<7<AG;8C8E<B74E84F9B??BJF

 @CE96J62C6?565                                                           646>36C                                  868@58E 
                                                             :G:56?5                                         <I<78A7
                                                             A6CD92C6                +@E2=A2:5              C8EF;4E8                .BG4?C4<7
 <I<78A7C4<7<A'4E6;                                                                                                    
 <I<78A7C4<7<A$HA8                                                                                                    
 <I<78A7C4<7<A-8CG8@58E                                                                                               
 <I<78A7C4<7<A868@58E                                                                                                
 +@E2=5:G:56?5DA2:5                                                                                                              

)A 85EH4EL  G;8B@C4ALSFB4E7B9<E86GBEF786?4E8747<I<78A7B968AGFC8EF;4E8 .;<F7<I<78A7J<??58C4<7
BA'4E6; GBF;4E8;B?78EFB9E86BE7BA 85EH4EL 4A7<F8FG<@4G87GB4@BHAGGB 

%&+L,+,)&,%+ %-#&'$%+*

.;8 9B??BJ<A: A8J FG4A74E7F 4A7 4@8A7@8AGF GB FG4A74E7F 4A7 <AG8ECE8G4G<BAF 4E8 ABG L8G 89986G<I8 9BE G;8 L84E 8A7<A:
868@58E     4A7 ;4I8 ABG 588A 4CC?<87 <A G;8 CE8C4E4G<BA B9 G;8 9<A4A6<4? FG4G8@8AGF  .;8F8 A8J 4A7 4@8A787
FG4A74E7F4A7<AG8ECE8G4G<BAF4E8E8DH<E87GB58<@C?8@8AG879BE9<A4A6<4?L84EF58:<AA<A:BABE49G8E$4AH4EL 
V    #- .+2&/&+*/+*0&*$"*0&&(&0&"/*!+*0&*$"*0//"0/Q@8A7@8AGF6?4E<9LG;4GG;87<E86G6BFGFB99H?9<??<A:4
     6BAGE46G<A6?H785BG;G;8<A6E8@8AG4?6BFGFB99H?9<??<A:G;86BAGE46G4A74A4??B64G<BAB9BG;8E6BFGF7<E86G?LE8?4G87GB
     9H?9<??<A:6BAGE46GF 89BE8E86B:A<M<A:4F8C4E4G8CEBI<F<BA9BE4ABA8EBHF6BAGE46G G;88AG<GLE86B:A<M8F4AL<@C4<E@8AG
     ?BFFG;4G;4FB66HEE87BA4FF8GFHF87<A9H?9<??<A:G;86BAGE46G .;84@8A7@8AGF4CC?LGB6BAGE46GF8K<FG<A:4GG;874G8
     J;8AG;84@8A7@8AGF4E89<EFG4CC?<87 .;8B@C4AL7B8FABG8KC86GG;84@8A7@8AGFGB;4I84@4G8E<4?<@C46GBA<GF
     9<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF
V    ,898E8A68 GB G;8 BA68CGH4? E4@8JBE> Q @8A7@8AGF GB # ,-   1/&*"// +)&*0&+*/ Q '<ABE 4@8A7@8AGF J8E8
     @478GB# ,-GBHC74G8G;8E898E8A68FGBG;8BA68CGH4? E4@8JBE>9BE <A4A6<4?,8CBEG<A:4A74774A8K68CG<BA9BE
     G;8 E86B:A<G<BA B9 ?<45<?<G<8F 4A7 6BAG<A:8AG ?<45<?<G<8F J<G;<A G;8 F6BC8 B9 #-   .+2&/&+*/ +*0&*$"*0 &&(&0&"/ *!
     +*0&*$"*0 //"0/ 4A7 #AG8ECE8G4G<BA   "2&"/  .;8 4@8A7@8AGF 4?FB 6BA9<E@ G;4G 6BAG<A:8AG 4FF8GF F;BH?7 ABG 58
     E86B:A<M87 4G G;8 46DH<F<G<BA 74G8  .;8 B@C4AL 7B8F ABG 8KC86G G;8 4@8A7@8AGF GB ;4I8 4 @4G8E<4? <@C46G BA <GF
     9<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF
44@F?E:?8DE2?52C5D67764E:G636J@?5 
.;89B??BJ<A:466BHAG<A:FG4A74E7F4E8E8DH<E87GB58<@C?8@8AG879BE9<A4A6<4?L84EF58:<AA<A:BABE49G8E$4AH4EL 
4A74E8ABG8KC86G87GB;4I84F<:A<9<64AG<@C46GBAG;8B@C4ALF9<A4A6<4?FG4G8@8AGF
V    ?4FF<9<64G<BAB9?<45<?<G<8F4F6HEE8AGBEABA 6HEE8AG@8A7@8AGFGB#- ."/"*00&+*+#&** &(00")"*0/
V    <F6?BFHE8B966BHAG<A:*B?<6<8F@8A7@8AGFGB#-
V    89<A<G<BAB966BHAG<A:FG<@4G8@8A7@8AGFGB#-  +1*0&*$+(& &"/%*$"/&* +1*0&*$/0&)0"/*!
     ..+./
V    898EE87.4K,8?4G87GBFF8GF4A7&<45<?<G<8FE<F<A:9EB@4-<A:?8.E4AF46G<BA@8A7@8AGFGB#- * +)"4"/




.'2!,)/*&#'#.                             2021 Annual Report       153 TMX Group Limited                                                        
Investor Contact Information

Investor Contact Information                                  The Company also entered into a pre-defined plan with its
                                                              designated broker to allow for the repurchase of common
T +1 416 947-4277 (Toronto Area)                              shares at times when the TMX Group ordinarily would not
  +1 888 873-8392 (North America)                             be active in the market due to its own internal trading
F +1 416 947-4444                                             blackout periods, insider trading rules or otherwise.
tmxshareholder@tmx.com
                                                              A copy of our Notice of Intention to Make an NCIB may be
                                                              obtained, without charge, by contacting Investor Relations
Registered Office and                                         as outlined above.
Head Office of TMX Group
                                                              Trademarks
300 - 100 Adelaide Street West
Toronto, ON Canada                                            Capital Pool Company, CBBO, CDB, CDF, CLS, Groupe
M5H 1S3                                                       TMX, Marketdepth, Market-by-Order, Market-by-Price,
                                                              MOC, NEX, TMX, the TMX design, TMX Datalinx, TMX
Le rapport est également disponible en français.              Datalinx Xpress, TMX Group, Toronto Stock Exchange,
                                                              TSX, TSX DRK, TSX Market on Close, TSX Venture
Dividend Information                                          Exchange, TSXV, The Future is Yours to See., and Voir le
                                                              futur. Réaliser l’avenir. are the trademarks of TSX Inc.
The Board of Directors of TMX Group Limited declared
                                                              BAX, Bourse de Montréal, CGB, CGF, CGZ, CRA, LGB,
a dividend of $0.83 on each common share outstanding,
                                                              Montréal Exchange, MX, SXF and SXM are the trademarks
payable on March 11, 2022 to shareholders of record at
                                                              of Bourse de Montréal Inc. and are used under license.
the close of business on February 25, 2022. TMX Group
hereby advises that this dividend is an “eligible dividend”
                                                              Alpha and Alpha Exchange are the trademarks of Alpha
for Canadian income tax purposes. Shareholders with
                                                              Exchange Inc. and are used under license.
questions regarding the tax treatment of dividends should
consult with their own tax advisors or contact their
                                                              BOX is the trademark of BOX Market LLC and is used
local office of the Canada Revenue Agency and where
                                                              under license.
applicable, the provincial taxation authorities.

                                                              Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation, Corporation
                                                              canadienne de compensation de produits dérivés, CDCC
Normal Course Issuer Bid                                      and CCCPD are the trademarks of Canadian Derivatives
                                                              Clearing Corporation and are used under license.
On February 25, 2022, TMX Group announced that its
normal course issuer bid (“NCIB”) had been accepted by        CDS and CDSX are the trademarks of The Canadian
Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”). TMX Group intends to          Depository for Securities Limited and are used under
repurchase up to 560,000 of its common shares through         license.
the facilities of the TSX, representing approximately 1%
of its common shares outstanding on February 22, 2022.        Shorcan and Shorcan Brokers are the trademarks of
TMX Group will make purchases in accordance with TSX          Shorcan Brokers Limited and are used under license.
requirements and the price TMX Group will pay for any
such common shares will be the market price of such           Trayport and Joule are the trademarks of Trayport
shares at the time of acquisition. The purchases were         Limited and are used under license.
eligible to commence on March 4, 2022 and will terminate
on March 3, 2023, or on such earlier date as TMX Group        VisoTech is the trademark of Trayport Austria G.m.b.H
completes its purchases. All repurchased shares will be       and is used under license.
cancelled.
All S&P/TSX Indices referred to herein are products of        Forward-Looking Information
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”)
and TSX Inc. (“TSX”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are         This report contains forward-looking statements
registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial          which are not historical facts but are based on
Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered              certain assumptions and reflect TMX Group’s current
trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow           expectations. These forward-looking statements are
Jones”); and TSX® is a registered trademark of TSX.           subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could
SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and TSX    cause actual results or events to differ materially from
do not sponsor, endorse, sell or promote any products         current expectations. We have no intention to update
based on the S&P/TSX Indices and none of such parties         this forward-looking information, except as required
make any representation regarding the advisability of         by applicable securities law. This forward-looking
investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability   information should not be relied upon as representing our
for any errors, omissions or interruptions of the S&P/TSX     views as of any date subsequent to the date of this report.
Indices or any data related thereto.
                                                              Please see “Caution regarding Forward-Looking
All other trademarks used herein are the property of their    Information” in the 2021 Annual Management’s
respective owners.                                            Discussion and Analysis for some of the risk factors that
                                                              could cause actual events or results to differ materially
                                                              from current expectations.
Board of Directors                                    A S AT FE B RUARY 28 , 2 0 2 2




Charles Winograd (Chair)                Marie Giguère
Senior Managing Partner                 Corporate Director
Elm Park Capital Management             Committees: Governance and
Committees: Governance and Regulatory   Regulatory Oversight (Chair),
Oversight, Human Resources              Human Resources
Director since: 2012                    Director since: 2011




Luc Bertrand                            Martine Irman
Vice Chair                              Corporate Director
National Bank Financial Group           Committees: Derivatives, Finance
Committees: Derivatives (Chair),        and Audit, Public Venture Market
Public Venture Market                   Director since: 2014
Director since: 2011




Nicolas Darveau-Garneau                 Moe Kermani
Chief Strategist, Google Search         Managing Partner, Vanedge Capital
Committees: Governance and Regulatory   Committees: Human Resources,
Oversight, Human Resources              Public Venture Market
Director since: 2018                    Director since: 2020
William Linton                           Kevin Sullivan
Corporate Director                       Corporate Director
Committees: Finance and Audit (Chair),   Committees: Derivatives, Finance
Governance and Regulatory Oversight      and Audit, Public Venture Market
Director since: 2012                     Director since: 2012




Audrey Mascarenhas                       Claude Tessier
President and CEO, Questor Technology    Chief Financial Officer
Inc.                                     Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
Committees: Governance and Regulatory    Committees: Derivatives, Finance
Oversight, Public Venture Market         and Audit
Director since: 2021                     Director since: 2020




John Mckenzie                            Eric Wetlaufer
Chief Executive Officer                  Managing Partner, TwinRiver Capital
TMX Group Limited                        Corporate Director
Director since: 2020                     Committees: Finance and Audit,
                                         Human Resources (Chair)
                                         Director since: 2012
TMX Group                               A S AT FE B RUARY 28 , 2 0 2 2


Executive Officers



        John McKenzie                        Loui Anastasopoulos
                                             CEO, Toronto Stock Exchange and
        Chief Executive Officer
                                             Global Head, Capital Formation




        David Arnold                         Cindy Bush
        Chief Financial Officer              Chief Human Resources Officer




                                             Luc Fortin
        Peter Conroy                         President and Chief Executive
        CEO, Trayport                        Officer, Montréal Exchange and
                                             Global Head of Trading




        Cheryl Graden
        Chief Legal and Enterprise
                                             Jay Rajarathinam
        Corporate Affairs Officer and        Chief Operating Officer
        Corporate Secretary
For more information
Please contact TMX Group if you have any additional questions or require further clarification.


General Enquiries
300-100 Adelaide St. West
Toronto, ON
M5H 1S3

T   +1 416 947-4277

info@tmx.com




                                                                                                  tmx.com
