
20-F

1

d120933d20f.htm

20-F

20-F

Table of Contents

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission File
Number 001-15276

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)

THE FEDERATIVE REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

Praça
Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha, 100

04344-902
 São Paulo, SP, Brazil

(Address of principal executive offices)

Renato Lulia Jacob

Group
Head of Investor Relations

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.

Praça Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha, 100

04344-902 São Paulo, SP, Brazil

+55 11 2794 3547

drinvest@itau-unibanco.com.br

(Name, Telephone,
E-mail
 and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class   Trading Symbol (s)   Name of each exchange on which
registered
Preferred Shares, without par value   ITUB   New York Stock Exchange*
American Depositary Shares (as evidenced by American Depositary Receipts), each representing one Preferred Share   New York Stock Exchange

*Not for trading purposes, but only in connection with the listing on the New York Stock Exchange of American
Depositary Shares representing those Preferred Shares.

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Act:

None

Securities
for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:

None

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the period covered by the
annual report:

4,958,290,359 Common Shares, no par value per share

4,801,324,161 Preferred Shares, no par value per share

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act

☒ Yes ☐ No

If this
annual report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

☐ Yes ☒ No

Note—Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

☒ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T
 (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

☒ Yes ☐ No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated
 filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,”
“accelerated filer,” and “emerging growth company” in
Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act.

☒Large Accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated
 filer ☐ Emerging
growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
†
 provided pursuant to Section
 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.
 ☐

† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment

of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act

(15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
☐

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant
has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP ☐   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ☒   Other ☐

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which
financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow:

Item 17 ☐ Item 18 ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in

Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act).

☐ Yes ☒ No

Table of Contents

Table of Contents Certain Terms and Conventions   1
Forward-Looking Statements   1
Presentation of Financial and Other Information   2
Effect of Rounding   2
Market and Industry Data   2
About our Financial Information   2
PART 1   4
ITEM
1.   IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISORS   4
ITEM
2.   OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE   4
ITEM  3.   KEY INFORMATION   5
3A.    [RESERVED]   5
3B.    Capitalization and Indebtedness   5
3C.    Reasons for the Offer and Use of
Proceeds   5
3D.    Risk Factors   5
ITEM  4.   INFORMATION ON THE
COMPANY   27
4A.    History and Development of the
Company   27
4B.    Business Overview   29
4C.    Organizational Structure   107
4D.    Property, Plant and Equipment   108
ITEM  4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   108
ITEM
5.   OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS   108
5A.    Operating Results   108
5B.    Liquidity and Capital Resources   134
5C.    Research and Development, Patents and Licenses,
 Etc.   141
5D.    Trend Information   141
5E.     Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements   141
5F.     Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations   141
5G.    Safe Harbor   142
ITEM
6.   DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES   142
6A.    Directors and Senior Management   142
6B.    Compensation   156
6C.    Board Practices   166
6D.    Employees   169
6E.     Share Ownership   170
ITEM
7.   MAJOR STOCKHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   171
7A.    Major Stockholders   171
7B.    Related Party Transactions   172
7C.    Interests of Experts and
Counsel   172
ITEM  8.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   172
8A.    Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information   172
8B.    Significant Changes   176
ITEM  9.   THE OFFER AND LISTING   176
9A.    Offer and Listing Details   176

i

Table of Contents

9B.    Plan of Distribution   176
9C.    Markets   176
9D.    Selling Shareholders   178
9E.     Dilution   178
9F.     Expenses of the Issue   178
ITEM  10.   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   178
10A.   Share Capital   178
10B.   Memorandum and Articles of
Association   178
10C.   Material Contracts   185
10D.   Exchange controls   185
10E.    Taxation   187
10F.    Dividends and Paying Agents   193
10G.   Statement by Experts   193
10H.   Documents on Display   193
10I.     Subsidiary Information   194
ITEM
11.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   194
ITEM
12.   DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES   207
12A.   Debt Securities   207
12B.   Warrants and Rights   207
12C.   Other Securities   207
12D.   American Depositary Shares   207
PART II   209
ITEM
13.   DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES   209
ITEM
14.   MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS   209
ITEM  15.   CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES   209
ITEM  16.   [RESERVED]   210
16A.   Audit Committee Financial Expert   210
16B.   Code of Ethics   210
16C.   Principal Accountant Fees and
Services   211
16D.   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   212
16E.    Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
 Affiliated Purchasers   212
16F.    Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   213
16G.   Corporate Governance   213
16H.   Mine Safety Disclosure   215
PART III   215
ITEM  17.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   215
ITEM  18.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   215
ITEM  19.   EXHIBITS   215
Glossary   215

ii

Table of Contents

Certain Terms and Conventions

All references in this annual report to (i) “
Itaú Unibanco Holding
,” “
Itaú Unibanco Group
,”
“
we
,” “
us
” or “
our
” are references to Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates, except where specified or differently required by the context; (ii) the
“
Brazilian government
” are references to the federal government of the Federative Republic of Brazil, or Brazil; (iii) “
preferred shares
” are references to our authorized and outstanding preferred shares with no par
value; and (iv) “
common shares
” are references to our authorized and outstanding common shares with no par value. All references to “
ADSs
” are to American Depositary Shares, each representing one preferred share,
without par value. The ADSs are evidenced by American Depositary Receipts, or “
ADRs
,” issued by The Bank of New York Mellon, or BNY Mellon. All references herein to the “
real
,” “
reais
”
or “
R$
” are to the Brazilian
real
, the official currency of Brazil. All references to “
US$
,” “
dollars
” or “
U.S. dollars
” are to United States dollars.

Additionally, unless specified or the context indicates otherwise, the following definitions apply throughout this annual report:

•   “ Itaú Unibanco ” means Itaú Unibanco S.A., together with its consolidated
subsidiaries;

•   “ Itaú BBA ” means Banco Itaú BBA S.A., together with its consolidated subsidiaries;

•   “ Central Bank ” means the Central Bank of Brazil;

•   “ CLP” means the Chilean peso , the official currency of Chile;

•   “ CMN ” means the Brazilian National Monetary Council; and

•   “ CVM ” means the Securities and Exchange Commission of Brazil.

Additionally, acronyms used repeatedly, defined and technical terms, specific market expressions and the full names of our main subsidiaries
and other entities referenced in this annual report are explained or detailed in the section entitled “Glossary”.

Forward-Looking Statements

This annual report contains statements that are or may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current
expectations and projections about future events and financial trends affecting our business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, among other risks:

•   The economic, financial and other effects of the outbreak of the 2019 novel strain of coronavirus, or COVID-19, particularly as such factors impact Brazil and the other markets in which we operate and continue to cause severe ongoing negative macroeconomic effects and disruptions to financial markets and the global
economy, with a significant impact on the ability of businesses, including ours, to operate normally, thus heightening many of the other risks described in the “Risk Factors” section of this annual report;

•   General economic, political and business conditions both in Brazil and abroad, including, in Brazil, developments
and the perception of risks in connection with ongoing corruption and other investigations and increasing fractious relations and infighting within the administration of President Bolsonaro, as well as policies and potential changes to address these
matters or otherwise, including economic and fiscal reforms and in response to the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, any of which may negatively affect growth prospects in the Brazilian economy as a
whole;

•   Fluctuations in inflation, interest rates and exchange rates in Brazil and the other markets in which we operate,
which have been particularly volatile as a result of the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic;

•   Our ability to implement, in a timely and efficient manner, any measure necessary to respond to, or reduce the
impacts of, the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations, cash flow, prospects, liquidity and financial condition;

•   The duration and spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and the outbreak of
diseases or similar public health threats;

•   General economic, political, and business conditions in Brazil and variations in inflation indexes, interest
rates, foreign exchange rates, and the performance of financial markets;

•   General economic and political conditions, in particular in the countries where we operate;

•   Government regulations and tax laws and amendments to such regulations and laws;

1

Table of Contents

•   Developments in high-profile investigations currently in progress and their impact on customers or on our tax
exposures;

•   Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets;

•   Increases in compulsory deposits and reserve requirements;

•   Regulation and liquidation of our business on a consolidated basis;

•   Obstacles for holders of our shares and ADSs to receive dividends;

•   Failure or hacking of our security and operational infrastructure or systems;

•   Our ability to protect personal data;

•   Strengthening of competition and industry consolidation;

•   Changes in our loan portfolio and changes in the value of our securities and derivatives;

•   Losses associated with counterparty exposure;

•   Our exposure to the Brazilian public debt;

•   Incorrect pricing methodologies for insurance, pension plan and premium bond products and inadequate reserves;

•   The effectiveness of our risk management policy;

•   Damage to our reputation;

•   The capacity of our controlling stockholder to conduct our business;

•   Difficulties during the integration of acquired or merged businesses;

•   Effects from socio-environmental issues; and

•   Other risk factors as set forth under “Item 3D. Risk Factors.”

The words “believe”, “may”, “will”, “estimate”, “continue”, “anticipate”,
“intend”, “expect” and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking
statements because of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking information, events and circumstances discussed in this annual report might not occur. Our actual results and
performance could differ substantially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements.

Presentation of Financial
and Other Information

The information found in this annual report is accurate only as of the date of such information or as of the
date of this annual report, as applicable. Our activities, our financial position and assets, the results of transactions and our prospects may have changed since that date.

Information contained in or accessible through our website or any other websites referenced herein does not form part of this annual report
unless we specifically state that it is incorporated by reference and forms part of this annual report. All references in this annual report to websites are inactive textual references and are for information only.

Effect of Rounding

Certain amounts and percentages included in this annual report, including in the section of this annual report entitled “Item 5. Operating
and Financial Review and Prospects” have been rounded for ease of presentation. Percentage figures included in this annual report have not been calculated in all cases on the basis of the rounded figures but on the basis of the original amounts
prior to rounding. For this reason, certain percentage amounts in this annual report may vary from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in the audited consolidated financial statements. Certain other amounts that
appear in this annual report may not sum due to rounding.

Market and Industry Data

This annual report contains information, including statistical data, about certain markets and our competitive position. Except as otherwise
indicated, this information is taken or derived from external sources. We indicate the name of the external source in each case where industry data is presented in this annual report. We cannot guarantee and we have not independently verified the
accuracy of information taken from external sources, or that, in respect of internal estimates, a third party using different methods would obtain the same estimates as the estimates we present in this annual report.

About our Financial Information

The reference date for the quantitative information for balances found in this annual report is as of December 31, 2020 and the reference
date for results is the year ended December 31, 2020, except where otherwise indicated.

Our fiscal year ends on December 31
and, in this annual report, any reference to any specific fiscal year is to the twelve-month period ended on December 31 of that year.

2

Table of Contents

Our audited consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this annual report, are
prepared in accordance with IFRS, as issued by the IASB. Unless otherwise stated all audited consolidated financial information related to the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 included in this annual report was prepared in
accordance with IFRS, as issued by the IASB.

We use accounting practices adopted in Brazil applicable to institutions authorized to
operate by the Central Bank, or Brazilian GAAP, for our reports to Brazilian stockholders, filings with the CVM, and calculation of payments of dividends and tax liabilities.

The CMN establishes that financial institutions meeting certain criteria, such as us, are required to present audited consolidated financial
statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, in addition to financial statements under Brazilian GAAP.

Please see “Note
30 – Segment Information” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about the main differences between our management reporting systems and the audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance
with IFRS.

Our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for each of the years ended
December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes, or PwC, independent auditors, as stated in its audit report contained in this Form
20-F.

Please see “Note 2 – Significant Accounting Policies” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details
about the significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS, as issued by the IASB.

3

Table of Contents

PART 1

ITEM 1.   IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISORS

Not applicable.

ITEM 2.   OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE

Not applicable.

4

Table of Contents

ITEM 3.   KEY INFORMATION

3A.   [RESERVED]

3B.   Capitalization and Indebtedness

Not applicable.

3C.   Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

3D.   Risk Factors

This section addresses the risks we consider material to our business and an investment in our securities. Should any of the following risks
actually occur, our business and financial condition, as well as the value of any investments made in our securities, will be adversely affected. Accordingly, investors should carefully assess the risk factors described below and the information
disclosed in this annual report before making an investment decision. The risks described below are those that we currently believe may adversely affect us. Other risks that we do not presently consider material, emerging risks or risks not
currently known to us may also adversely affect us.

Macroeconomic Risks

International Scenario

Changes in economic conditions
may adversely affect us.

Our operations are dependent upon the performance of the economies of the countries in which we do business,
and Latin American countries in particular. Crises and volatility in the financial markets of countries other than Brazil may affect the global financial markets and the Brazilian economy and may have a negative impact on our operations.

The demand for credit and financial services, as well as our clients’ ability to repay, is directly impacted by macroeconomic variables,
such as economic growth, income, unemployment rate, inflation, and fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates.

Disruptions and
volatility in the global financial markets may have significant consequences in the countries in which we operate, such as volatility in the prices of securities, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. Higher uncertainty and volatility may
result in a slowdown in the credit market and the economy, which, in turn, could lead to higher unemployment rates and a reduction in the purchasing power of consumers. In addition, such events may significantly impair our clients’ ability to
perform their obligations and increase overdue or
non-performing
 loans, resulting in an increase in the risk associated with our lending activity.

The economic and market conditions of other countries, including the United States, countries of the European Union, and emerging markets, may
affect the credit availability and the volume of foreign investments in Brazil and in the countries in which we do business, to varying degrees. The spread of the
COVID-19
 pandemic remains a concern for the
global economy, despite the decrease of infection rates in most developed countries and vaccines being distributed worldwide. The number of
COVID-19
 cases are falling across countries as winter (in the
northern hemisphere) and holiday outbreaks dissipate. In the U.S., cases, hospitalizations and deaths are falling in nearly all states, allowing some easing of restrictions. In Europe, recent surges in the virus have been curbed, but some countries
are taking new restrictive measures to avoid new waves. Vaccination campaigns are accelerating in several countries and the global vaccine supply is expected to keep increasing in the second and third quarters of 2021.

In our view, the worldwide distribution of vaccines in 2021 is the most important initiative for a full recovery of the global economy. A new
surge of infections arising, for example from new strains of the virus and any event that might hinder

5

Table of Contents

governments further controlling the spread of
COVID-19,
 such as delays in the distribution of vaccines or inefficient vaccines themselves may lead to
governments having to maintain restrictions on mobility to try to contain the further spread of the disease, thus leading to a suppression of economic activity. Although these risks have decreased mostly for developed markets, their materialization
would affect global growth and may decrease investors’ interest in assets from Brazil and other countries in which we do business, which would adversely affect the market price of our securities, possibly making it more difficult for us to
access capital markets and, as a result, to finance our operations in the future.

The rise in global interest rates reflects the economic
recovery outlook and is less of a concern in the near term, as we expect the Fed to maintain its ample accommodative stance in 2021 and gradually withdraw stimulus in 2022. A faster withdrawal of monetary stimulus in developed economies can affect
emerging economies and thus affect our operations.

We are exposed to certain risks that are particular to emerging and other markets

In conducting our business in Brazil, as well as other emerging markets, we are subject to political, economic, legal, operational and other
risks that are inherent to operating in these countries. Banks that operate in countries considered to be emerging markets, including us, may be particularly susceptible to disruptions and reductions in the availability of credit or increases in
financing costs, which may have a material adverse impact on our operations. In particular, the availability of credit to financial institutions operating in emerging markets is significantly influenced by an aversion to global risk. In addition,
any factor impacting investor confidence, such as a downgrade in sovereign credit ratings (since the ratings of financial institutions, such as us, tends to be capped to the sovereign’s rating) or an intervention by a government or monetary
authority in one of such markets, may affect the price or availability of resources for financial institutions in any of these markets, which may affect us.

In Argentina, international reserves continue at low levels, despite controls on exchange rate purchases. The economy rebounded during the
second half of 2020, as a result of the easing of social distancing measures, but GDP fell by 10% in 2020. For 2021, we expect GDP growth of 6.0%, aided by statistical carry-over and higher commodity prices. Loose macro-economic policies are likely
to fuel inflation, potentially leading to more control on prices (including foreign exchange).

In Chile, protests led political actors to
agree on a referendum process to decide on a new constitution. While uncertainty over the constitutional process and elections later in 2021 is negatively affect the economic activity in Chile, an efficient vaccination process and higher terms of
trade are important offsetting factors.

Colombia´s fiscal accounts were pressured during the

COVID-19
 pandemic and the government recently signaled a postponement of fiscal adjustment (fiscal deficit this year would be even wider than in 2020). While a tax reform may help fiscal consolidation from
2022 onwards, it is unclear whether there is political appetite for unpopular tax hikes. At the same time, contrasting with other countries in the region, Colombia recorded a wide current account deficit in 2020, contributing to an increase in
external indebtedness. In this context, Colombia´s sovereign investment grade is at risk.

Crises in these countries may decrease
investors’ interest in Brazilian assets, which may materially and adversely affect the market price of our securities, making it more difficult for us to access capital markets and, as a result, to finance our operations in the future. Global
financial crises, in addition to the Brazilian macroeconomic environment, may also affect in a material and adverse way the market price of securities of Brazilian issuers or lead to other negative effects in Brazil and in the countries in which we
operate and have a material adverse effect on us.

Domestic Scenario

Brazilian authorities exercise influence over the Brazilian economy. Changes in fiscal, monetary and foreign exchange policies as well as a deterioration of
government fiscal accounts, may adversely affect us.

Our operations are highly dependent upon the performance of the Brazilian
economy. The demand for credit and financial services, as well as our clients’ ability to make payments when due, is directly impacted by macroeconomic variables, such as economic growth, income, unemployment, inflation, and fluctuations in
interest and foreign exchange rates. Brazilian GDP grew 1.4% in 2019, but decreased 4.1% in 2020, impacted by the
COVID-19
 outbreak. The number of new daily deaths rebounded in the first quarter of 2021 and
has surpassed the levels registered during the first wave of

6

Table of Contents

COVID-19 in 2020. Control of the
COVID-19
 pandemic is crucial for continued economic recovery. In the long term, growth may be limited by a number of
factors, including structural factors, such as inadequate infrastructure, which entail risks of potential energy shortages and deficiencies in the transportation sector, among others, and a lack of qualified professionals, which can reduce the
country’s productivity and efficiency levels. Low levels of national savings require relatively large financial flows from abroad, which may falter if political and fiscal instability is perceived by foreign investors. Depending on their
intensity, these factors could lead to decreasing employment rates and to lower income and consumption levels, which could result in increased default rates on loans we grant for individuals and
non-financial

corporations and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on us.

Brazilian authorities intervene from time to time in the Brazilian
economy, through changes in fiscal, monetary, foreign exchange policies, and in state-owned public companies—which may adversely affect us. These changes may impact variables that are crucial for our growth strategy (such as foreign exchange
and interest rates, liquidity in the currency market, tax burden, and economic growth), thus limiting our operations in certain markets, affecting our liquidity and our client’s ability to pay, the risk appetite of foreign investors with
respect to Brazil and, consequently, affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Fiscal

The Brazilian primary public accounts have deteriorated since 2014. To address the structural fiscal imbalance, the Brazilian Congress approved
a ceiling on government spending that will limit primary public expenditure growth to the prior year’s inflation for a period of at least ten years, effective as of 2017. Further, Congress approved a comprehensive social security reform and the
government started an asset sale program, creating conditions for a cyclical decrease of the public debt, while the primary result gradually improves. In 2021, the Congress approved another round of temporary emergency expenditure to combat the
economic effects of the
COVID-19
 pandemic, in exchange for measures to reinforce the fiscal adjustment framework that will help to limit mandatory expenditure growth and to keep the ceiling on public spending
feasible in the years ahead. The government also has a comprehensive reform agenda, the main examples being the Administrative Reform and the Tax Reform. However, these discussions were temporarily put on hold due the

COVID-19
 pandemic. If the government fails to persist with the fiscal adjustment agenda, the local economy would be negatively impacted, with a depreciation of the Brazilian
real
, an increase in
inflation and interest rates and a deceleration of economic growth, thus adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Monetary

Sudden increases in prices and
long periods of high inflation may cause, among other effects, loss of purchasing power and distortions in the allocation of resources in the economy. Measures to combat high inflation rates include a tightening of monetary policy, with an increase
in the short-term interest rate (SELIC), resulting in restrictions on credit and short-term liquidity, which may have a material adverse effect on us. Changes in interest rates may have a material effect on our net margins, since they impact our
costs of funding and granting credit. In addition, increases in the SELIC interest rate could reduce demand for credit and increase the costs of our reserves and the risk of default by our clients. Conversely, decreases in the SELIC interest rate
could reduce our gains from interest-bearing assets, as well as our net margins.

The Central Bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (the
“COPOM”) was created on June 20, 1996 and is responsible for setting the SELIC interest rate. The COPOM meets eight times a year, every 45 days. The aim in creating the COPOM was to enhance monetary policy transparency and confer
adequate regularity to the monetary policy decision-making process. Currently, many central banks around the world follow similar procedures, facilitating the decision-making process, monetary policy transparency and communication with the public.

After reaching 14.25% per annum at the end of 2015, the Central Bank began to cut interest rates in October 2016. The SELIC rate reached
2.00% in August 2020 and remained at this level until February 2021. In March 2021, the Central Bank increased the SELIC rate by 0.75 percentage points to 2.75%. The widespread decline in inflation, due to the high level of idle capacity in the
Brazilian economy, as well as anchored inflation expectations have resulted in the SELIC reaching historically low levels.

The
COVID-19
 pandemic and the resulting economic slowdown and volatility in the Brazilian and global financial

7

Table of Contents

and capital markets had, and may in the future continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations across our business units. To
the extent the
COVID-19
 pandemic adversely affects our business, liquidity, results of operations and financial condition, it will also have the effect of materially heightening many of the other risks
described in this “Risk Factors” section.

The
COVID-19
 pandemic and governmental
responses thereto have had, and may continue to have, a severe impact on global and Brazilian macro-economic and financial conditions, including the disruption of supply chains and the closures or interruptions of many businesses, leading to losses
of revenues, increased unemployment and economic stagnation and contraction.

The
COVID-19

pandemic has also resulted in materially increased volatility in both Brazilian and international financial markets and economic indicators, including exchange rates, interest rates and credit spreads. For example, as a result of heightened
volatility, the B3 Exchange’s circuit breaker was triggered eight times in the month of March 2020 and the value of assets was negatively impacted. Any shocks or unexpected movements in these market factors could result in financial losses
associated with our trading portfolio or financial assets, which could deteriorate our financial condition. Furthermore, market concerns could translate into liquidity constraints and reduced access to funding in both the local and the international
markets, negatively affecting our business.

Measures taken by governmental authorities worldwide, including Brazil, to stabilize markets
and support economic growth may not be sufficient to control high volatility or to prevent serious and prolonged reductions in economic activity. In addition, the social distancing measures imposed by governmental authorities to contain the spread
of the
COVID-19
 pandemic resulted in a sharp drop or even a halt in the activities of companies in various sectors that we transact with and otherwise serve. While many of these restrictions have since been
lifted, there is no way to predict whether new patterns of contagion, increasing disease severity or other factors related to the pandemic, including access to, or the efficiency of, a vaccine, may result in a renewed tightening of these policies or
the imposition of new and different restrictions. These policies and measures have influenced the behavior of the consumer market and the population in general, the demand for services, products and credit.

In addition, there can be no assurance that the restrictive measures imposed by certain Brazilian states and municipalities will not worsen if
Brazil faces new waves of
COVID-19.
 For example, at the beginning of 2021, a novel strain of
COVID-19
 started circulating in Brazil, causing an increase in the number of
deaths and hospitalizations. On March 11, 2021, Brazil was considered the epicenter of the
COVID-19
 pandemic in terms of number of confirmed cases and deaths. In March 2021, Brazil registered 321,515
deaths from
COVID-19.
 As a result, public authorities in Brazil reinstated more severe restrictive measures, including social distancing, quarantine and lockdowns. Moreover, there can be no assurance that
there will be no delays in
COVID-19
 vaccinations in Brazil, including as a result of supply shortages and delays on Brazilian regulatory approval of certain vaccines.

The weakened macroeconomic fundamentals coupled with the market downturn caused by the
COVID-19

pandemic had, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our performance across all our business units. Impacts on our business could be widespread, and material impacts may be possible, including but not limited to the following:

•   Employees contracting COVID-19;

•   Reductions in our operating effectiveness as our employees work from home or disaster-recovery locations;

•   Unavailability of key personnel necessary to conduct our business activities, including a lack of qualified IT
personnel to support remote working or combat any cyber risks;

•   Unprecedented volatility in global financial markets and exchange markets;

•   Reductions in revenue across our operating businesses and increased customer defaults;

•   Closure of our offices or the offices of our clients; and

•   Potential regulatory scrutiny of our ability to adequately supervise our activities in accordance with applicable
regulatory requirements.

The extent of the impacts of the
COVID-19
 pandemic on
our business, financial condition, liquidity and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, unpredictable and which depend on several factors that are beyond our control, including the possibility of additional
outbreaks, further mutations of the virus and the intensity of the

8

Table of Contents

economic downturn resulting from actions taken, or to be taken, by government authorities and the scientific community in response to the
COVID-19

pandemic, including in relation to the availability and efficiency of vaccines and other treatments. Consumers affected by the
COVID-19
 pandemic may continue to show retraction behaviors, even after the end of
the crisis, maintaining low levels of discretionary spending in the long term, which is why certain sectors we serve may take longer to recover (particularly sectors such as hotels, civil aviation, shopping centers and wholesale retailers).

To the extent the
COVID-19
 pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations and
financial condition, it would also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section of this Form
20-F,
 such as those relating to interest rate changes,
economic, social and political developments in Brazil, the market volatility generated by distortions in the international financial markets, cybersecurity, etc.

Please see “Item 5A. Operating Results — Macroeconomic Context – Brazilian Context” for further details about the impact
of the
COVID-19
 pandemic on our business.

Please also see “Note 33 – Supplementary
Information” to our audited consolidated financial statements.

Ongoing high profile anti-corruption investigations in Brazil may affect the
perception of Brazil and domestic growth prospects
.

Certain relevant Brazilian companies in the energy, infrastructure and oil
and gas sectors are facing investigations by the CVM, the SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), the Brazilian Federal Police and other Brazilian public entities who are responsible for corruption and cartel investigations, in connection with
corruption allegations (so called Lava Jato investigations) and, depending on the outcome of such investigations and the time it takes to conclude them, they may face (as some of them already faced) downgrades from credit rating agencies, experience
(as some of them already experienced) funding restrictions and have (as some of them already had) a reduction in revenues, among other negative effects. Such negative effects may hinder the ability of those companies to timely honor their financial
obligations bringing loses to us as a number of them are our clients. The companies involved in the Lava Jato investigations, a number of which are our clients, may also be (as some of them already have been) prosecuted by investors on the grounds
that they were misled by the information released to them, including their financial statements. Moreover, the current corruption investigations have contributed to reduce the value of the securities of several companies. The investment banks
(including Itau BBA Securities in NY) that acted as underwriters on public distributions of securities of such investigated companies, and Banco Itau International, our private banking vehicle in Miami, were in the recent past also parties to
certain related lawsuits in the U.S., that were either settled or dismissed, and may become parties to other legal proceedings yet to be filed. We cannot predict how long the corruption investigations may continue, or how significant the effects of
the corruption investigations may be for the Brazilian economy and for the financial sector that may be investigated for the commercial relationships it may have held with companies and persons involved in Lava Jato investigations. Another high
profile investigation, besides Lava Jato, ongoing in Brazil is the
so-called
 Zelotes operation. If the allegations of such investigations are confirmed they may also affect some of our clients and their credit
trustworthiness. In March 2016, the Brazilian Internal Revenue Services, or Brazilian IRS, summoned us to account for certain tax proceedings related to BankBoston Brazil which came under investigation in relation to the Zelotes operations. We
acquired BankBoston Brazil’s operation from Bank of America in 2006. On December 1, 2016, the Brazilian Federal Police conducted searches at Itaú Unibanco’s premises, to look for documents related to those proceedings, and
documents related to payments made to lawyers and consultants that acted on those proceedings. We clarify that the agreement with Bank of America for the acquisition of BankBoston Brazil’s operations included a provision whereby the seller
would remain liable and responsible for the conduct of BankBoston’s tax proceedings, including with regard to the retention of lawyers and consultants. Therefore, according to such agreement, any and all payments made by Itaú Unibanco to
lawyers and consultants were made strictly on behalf of Bank of America. On July 2017, the Brazilian Federal Public Prosecutor indicted some lawyers and public agents regarding this case, based on their potential participation on the scheme. None of
them was Itau’s employees or executives. We remain fully available and will cooperate with the authorities should any further clarification be needed. After reviewing our control procedures and our monitoring systems, we believe we are in
compliance with the existing standards, especially related to anti-money laundering standards; notwithstanding, due to the size and breadth of our operations and our commercial relationship with investigated companies or persons, and due to the
several banks, both publicly and privately owned, that Itaú Unibanco acquired throughout the last fifteen years, we may also come within the scope of investigations, which may ultimately result in reputational damage, civil or criminal
liability. Negative effects on a number of companies may also impact the level of investments in infrastructure in Brazil, which may also lead to lower economic growth.

9

Table of Contents

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Bank Regulations

We are subject to regulation on a
consolidated basis and may be subject to liquidation or intervention on a consolidated basis.

We operate in a number of credit and
financial services related sectors through entities under our control. For purposes of regulation and supervision, the Central Bank treats us and our subsidiaries and affiliates as a single financial institution. While our consolidated capital base
provides financial strength and flexibility to our subsidiaries and affiliates, their individual activities could indirectly put our capital base at risk. Any investigation or intervention by the Central Bank, particularly in the activities carried
out by any of our subsidiaries and affiliates, could have a material adverse impact on our other subsidiaries and affiliates and, ultimately, on us. If we or any of our financial subsidiaries become insolvent, the Central Bank may carry out an
intervention or liquidation process on a consolidated basis rather than conduct such procedures for each individual entity. In the event of an intervention or a liquidation process on a consolidated basis, our creditors would have claims on our
assets and the assets of our consolidated financial subsidiaries. In this case, claims of creditors of the same nature held against us and our consolidated financial subsidiaries would rank equally in respect of payment. If the Central Bank carries
out a liquidation or intervention process with respect to us or any of our financial subsidiaries on an individual basis, our creditors will not have a direct claim on the assets of such financial subsidiaries, and the creditors of such financial
subsidiaries would have priority in relation to our creditors in connection with such financial subsidiaries’ assets. The Central Bank also has the authority to carry out other corporate reorganizations or transfers of control under an
intervention or liquidation process.

Changes in applicable law or regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business.

Changes in the law or regulations applicable to financial institutions in Brazil may affect our ability to grant loans and collect debts in
arrears, which may have an adverse effect on us. Our operations could also be adversely affected by other changes, including with respect to restrictions on remittances abroad and other exchange controls as well as by interpretations of the law by
courts and agencies in a manner that differs from our legal advisors’ opinions.

In the context of economic or financial crises, the
Brazilian government may also decide to implement changes to the legal framework applicable to the operation of Brazilian financial institutions. For example, in response to the global financial crisis which began in late 2007, Brazilian national
and intergovernmental regulatory entities, such as the BCBS, proposed regulatory reforms aiming to prevent the recurrence of similar crises, which included a new requirement to increase the minimum regulatory capital (Basel III).

Please see “Item 4B. Business Overview—Supervision and Regulation—Basel III Framework—Implementation of Basel III in
Brazil” for further details about regulatory capital requirements.

Moreover, the Brazilian Congress is considering enacting new
legislation that, if signed into law as currently drafted, could have an adverse effect on our activities. In 2019, multiple bills sought to limit interest rates, particularly for credit cards’ facilities (
rotativo do cartão
) and
overdrafts facilities (
cheque especial
) – the latter, with limits that are more restrictive than those recently imposed by the Central Bank (which are described in more detail under “Item 4B. Business Overview – Supervision and
Regulation—Rules for Overdraft Facilities in Checking Accounts”). Further caps on interest rates may be adopted. Furthermore, a proposed law to amend the Brazilian consumer protection code would allow courts to modify terms and conditions
of credit agreements in certain circumstances, imposing certain difficulties for the collection of amounts from final consumers. In 2021, the Brazilian Congress is expected to consider bills that increase the tax burden of the banking and financial
services sectors and to put to vote a bill that will allow the execution of convictions after condemnation in the second instance court, both in the criminal and in the civil spheres, before the exhaustion of all available appeals. If signed into
law, the bill may have an impact on the execution of tax debts proceedings of which the bank is part.

In addition, local or state
legislatures may from time to time consider bills intending to impose security measures and standards for customer services, such as setting branch opening hours, requiring 24 hour armed guard personnel and

10

Table of Contents

specifications on ATM functioning, among others, that, if signed into law, could affect our operations. More recently, certain bills have passed (and others were proposed) in certain Brazilian
states or municipalities that affect our ability to evaluate credit risk and collect outstanding debts. For example, legislators often impose, or aim to impose, restrictions on the ability of creditors to include the information about insolvent
debtors in the records of credit protection bureaus. These types of restrictions could also adversely affect our ability to collect outstanding credit.

We also have operations outside of Brazil, including, but not limited to, Argentina, the Bahamas, the Cayman Islands, Chile, Colombia,
Paraguay, Portugal, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United States and Uruguay. Changes in the laws or regulations applicable to our business in the countries where we operate, or the adoption of new laws, and related regulations, may have an
adverse effect on us.

Increases in compulsory deposit requirements may have a material adverse effect on us.

Compulsory deposits are reserves that financial institutions are required to maintain with the Central Bank. Compulsory deposits generally do
not provide the same returns as other investments and deposits because a portion of these compulsory deposits does not bear interest. The Central Bank has periodically changed the minimum level of compulsory deposits reserves that financial
institutions are required to maintain with the Central Bank.

Insurance Regulations

Our insurance operations are subject to oversight by regulatory agencies, such as SUSEP and ANS. Therefore, we may be affected negatively by the penalties
applied by such regulators.

Insurance companies are subject to SUSEP intervention and/or liquidation. In case of insufficient
resources, technical reserves, or poor economic health with respect to a regulated entity, SUSEP may appoint an inspector to act within the relevant company. If such intervention does not remedy the issue, SUSEP will forward to CNSP a proposal to
withdraw the applicable insurance license. In addition, insurance companies are subject to pecuniary penalties, warnings, suspension of authorization of activities and disqualification to engage in business activities as set in Law.

Health insurance companies are subject to ANS regulations. With respect to companies that are deemed to have financial imbalances or serious
economic, financial or administrative irregularities, ANS may order the disposal of the applicable health insurance company’s portfolio, or take other measures, such as fiscal or technical direction regime for a period not exceeding 365 days,
or extrajudicial liquidation. The penalties established for violations committed by health insurance companies and their directors and officers are: (i) warnings; (ii) pecuniary penalties; (iii) suspension of company’s activities;
(iv) temporary disqualification for the exercise of management positions in health insurance companies; (v) permanent disqualification for the exercise of management positions in health insurance companies as well as in open private
pension funds, insurance companies, insurance brokers and financial institutions; and (vi) the cancellation of the company’s authorization to operate and sale of its portfolio.

Accordingly, our insurance operations may be affected negatively by any penalties applied by SUSEP or ANS, as described above.

Capital Market and Tax Regulations

Holders of our
shares and ADSs may not receive any dividends.

Corporations in Brazil are legally required to pay their stockholders a minimum
mandatory dividend at least on a yearly basis (except in specific cases provided for in applicable law). Our Bylaws determine that we must pay our stockholders at least 25% of our annual net income calculated and adjusted pursuant to Brazilian
Corporate Law. Applicable Brazilian legislation also allows corporations to consider the amount of interest on shareholders’ equity distributed to their stockholders for purposes of calculating the minimum mandatory dividends. The calculation
of net income pursuant to the Brazilian Corporate Law may significantly differ from our net income calculated under IFRS, as issued by the IASB.

11

Table of Contents

Brazilian Corporate Law also allows the suspension of the payment of the mandatory dividends in
any particular year if our Board of Directors informs our general stockholders’ meeting that such payment would be incompatible with our financial condition. To suspend the dividend payments, our Fiscal Council is required to furnish to the CVM
an opinion on the matter along with a statement by our executives. Therefore, upon the occurrence of such event, the holders of our shares and ADSs may not receive any dividends. If this happens, the dividends that were not paid in the particular
fiscal year shall be registered as a special reserve and, if not used to cover any losses of subsequent years, the amounts of unpaid dividends still available under such reserve shall be distributed when the financial condition of the corporation
allows for such payment.

Furthermore, pursuant to its regulatory powers provided under Brazilian law and banking regulations, the Central
Bank may at its sole discretion reduce the dividends or determine that no dividends will be paid by a financial institution if such restriction is necessary to mitigate relevant risks to the Brazilian financial system or the financial institution.
Due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic, the CMN issued Resolution No. 4,820, amended by Resolution No. 4,885, establishing restrictions regarding the distribution by financial institutions of dividends and
interest on capital.

Please see “Item 8A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information—Stockholders’
Payment” and “Item 4B. Business Overview—Supervision and Regulation—Basel III Framework—Implementation of Basel III in Brazil.” For further details about CMN’s capital requirements and dividends and interest on
capital see “Note 2.4 – Summary of Main Accounting Practices, q) Dividends and Interest on Capital” and “Note 19 – Stockholders’ Equity” to our audited consolidated financial statements.

Tax reforms may adversely affect our operations and profitability.

The Brazilian government regularly amends tax laws and regulations, including by creating new taxes, which can be temporary, and changing tax
rates, the basis on which taxes are assessed or the way taxes are calculated, including in respect of tax rates applicable solely to the banking industry.

Currently, the Brazilian Congress is discussing a broad tax reform and there is no clarity as to when such reform may ultimately be enacted.
If adopted, any such tax reform may affect our business by increasing our costs, limiting our profitability or having other impacts.

Risks
Associated with our Business

Market Risk

The value of our securities and derivatives is subject to market fluctuations due to changes in Brazilian or international economic conditions and, as a
result, may subject us to material losses.

Market risk is the risk of losses due to movements in financial market prices.

The securities and derivative financial instruments in our portfolio may cause us to record gains and losses, when sold or marked to market
(in the case of trading securities), and may fluctuate considerably from period to period due to domestic and international economic conditions. In addition, we may incur losses from fluctuations in the market value of positions held, including
risks associated with transactions subject to variations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, price indexes, equity and commodity prices.

We cannot predict the amount of realized or unrealized gains or losses for any future period. Gains or losses on our investment portfolio may
not contribute to our net revenue in the future or may cease to contribute to our net revenue at levels consistent with more recent periods. We may not successfully realize the appreciation or depreciation now existing in our consolidated investment
portfolio or in any assets of such portfolio.

Credit Risks

Past performance of our loan portfolio may not be indicative of future performance, changes in the profile of our business may adversely affect our loan
portfolio. In addition, the value of any collateral securing our loans may not be sufficient, and we may be unable to realize the full value of the collateral securing our loan portfolio.

12

Table of Contents

Our historical loan loss experience may not be indicative of our future loan losses. While the
quality of our loan portfolio is associated with the default risk in the sectors in which we operate, changes in our business profile may occur due, among other factors, to our organic growth, merger and acquisition activity, changes in local
economic and political conditions, a slowdown in customer demand, an increase in market competition, the outbreak of communicable diseases such as
COVID-19,
 changes in regulation and in the tax regimes
applicable to the sectors in which we operate and, to a lesser extent, other related changes in countries in which we operate and in the international economic environment. More recently, the ongoing
COVID-19

pandemic may affect our ability to accurately assess the creditworthiness of borrowers, which would lead to a deterioration of risk profile and adversely affect our business financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the market
value of any collateral related to our loan portfolio may fluctuate, from the time we evaluate it at the beginning of the trade to the time such collateral can be executed upon, due to the factors related to changes in economic, political or
sectorial factors beyond our control.

For example, historically, when Brazilian banks increased their loan portfolio to consumers,
particularly in the automotive sector, this increased demand for vehicle loans has been followed by a significant rise in the level of consumer indebtedness, leading to high nonperforming loan rates. As a result, many financial institutions recorded
higher loan losses due to an increased volume of provisions and a decrease in loans for vehicle acquisition.

Any changes affecting any of
the sectors to which we have significant lending exposure, and changes in the value of the collateral securing our loans, may result in a reduction in the value we realize from collateral and in our loan portfolio. Consequentially, it may have an
adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition and it could also adversely affect the growth rate and the mix of our loan portfolio.

In addition, if we are unable to recover sums owed to us under secured loans in default through extrajudicial measures such as restructurings,
our last recourse with respect to such loans may be to enforce the collateral secured in our favor by the applicable borrower. Depending on the type of collateral granted, we either have to enforce such collateral through the courts or through
extrajudicial measures. However, even where the enforcement mechanism is duly established by the law, Brazilian law allows borrowers to challenge the enforcement in the courts, even if such challenge is unfounded, which can delay the realization of
value from the collateral. In addition, our secured claims under Brazilian law will in certain cases rank below those of preferred creditors such as employees and tax authorities. As a result, we may not be able to realize value from the collateral,
or may only be able to do so to a limited extent or after a significant amount of time, thereby potentially adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.

We may incur losses associated with counterparty exposure risks, including the Brazilian federal government.

We routinely conduct transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks,
investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. Like most Brazilian banks, we also invest in debt securities issued by the Brazilian government. As of December 31, 2020, approximately 20.9% of all our assets and 67.5%
of our securities portfolio were comprised of these public debt securities.

We may incur losses if any of our counterparties fail to meet
their contractual obligations, due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons that are exclusively attributable to our counterparties. As an example, an eventual

failure by the Brazilian government to
make timely payments under the terms of these securities, or a significant decrease in their market value could negatively affect our results in two ways: directly, through portfolio losses, and indirectly, through instabilities that a default in
public debt could cause to the banking system as a whole, particularly since commercial banks’ exposure to government debt is high in countries in which we operate. This counterparty risk may also arise from our entering into reinsurance
agreements or credit agreements pursuant to which counterparties have obligations to make payments to us and are unable to do so, or from our carrying out transactions in the foreign currency market (or other markets) that fail to be settled at the
specified time due to
non-delivery
 by the counterparty, clearing house or other financial intermediary. Their failure to meet their contractual obligations may adversely affect our financial performance.

A downgrade of our ratings may adversely affect our funding cost, our access to capital and debt markets, our liquidity and, as a result, our competitive
position.

Credit ratings represent the opinions of independent rating agencies regarding our ability to repay our indebtedness and
affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding. Each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings and rating methodologies on a periodic basis and may decide on a grade change at any time, based on factors that affect our

13

Table of Contents

financial strength, such as liquidity, capitalization, asset quality and profitability or due to a downgrade of the Brazilian sovereign rating.

Under the criteria utilized by the rating agencies, ratings assigned to Brazilian financial institutions, including Itaú Unibanco are
constrained by the grades assigned to the Brazilian sovereign. Events that are not subject to our control, such as economic or political crises, may lead to a downgrade of the Brazilian sovereign rating and a corresponding downgrade of the ratings
assigned to Itaú Unibanco.

Credit ratings are essential to our capability to raise capital and funding through the issuance of
debt and to the cost of such financing. A downgrade or a potential downgrade in our credit ratings could have an adverse impact on our operations, income and risk weighting. This may affect net earnings, capital requirements and return on capital
levels, causing a negative impact on our competitive position. Additionally, if our credit ratings were to be downgraded, rating trigger clauses that may be part of our financing agreements with other institutions could result in an immediate need
to deliver additional collateral to counterparties or taking other actions under some of our derivative contracts, adversely affecting our interest margins and results of operations. Thus, a failure to maintain favorable ratings and outlooks can
affect the cost and availability of our financing through the capital markets and other sources of financing, affecting our interest margins and capacity to operate.

Changes or uncertainty in base interest rates could adversely affect us.

A significant portion of our business is conducted in Brazil, where the Central Bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (
Comitê de
Política Monetária
), or the COPOM, establishes the target base interest rate for the Brazilian economy (the “SELIC Rate”), and uses changes in this rate as an instrument of monetary policy. The SELIC Rate is the benchmark
interest rate payable to holders of certain securities issued by the Brazilian government and traded on the SELIC System operated by the Central Bank. In recent years, the SELIC Rate, has fluctuated significantly reflecting the corresponding
volatility in the macroeconomic scenario and inflationary environment. During 2015 and 2016, as a result of increased prospects of inflation and macroeconomic instability, the COPOM increased the SELIC Rate, reaching 14.25% and 13.75% as of
December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2016, respectively. In the following years, as a result of the widespread decline in inflation, due to the high level of idle capacity in the Brazilian economy and anchored inflation expectations, the
Central Bank started a monetary easing cycle and the COPOM has reduced the SELIC Rate. As of December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, the SELIC Rate was 7.00% and 6.50%, respectively. As of December 31, 2019, and December 31,
2020, the SELIC Rate was 4.5% and 2.0%, respectively, reflecting historical lows. As of the date of the filing of this form, the SELIC rate was 2.75%.

We may face challenges associated with IBOR transition.

A significant portion of our income, expenses and liabilities is directly tied to interest rates. Therefore, our results of operations and
financial condition are significantly affected by inflation, interest rate fluctuations and related government monetary policies. In addition, various interbank offered rates which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (the “IBORs”,
including LIBOR and EURIBOR) are the subject of recent international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented, including the majority of the
provisions of the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (together, the “Benchmarks Regulations”).

In particular, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) announced that the FCA will no longer oblige banks to contribute to the
calculation of LIBOR after the end of 2021. In addition, on March 5, 2021, the FCA confirmed that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after December 31, 2021,
in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen settings, and the
1-week
 and
2-month
 US dollar settings and immediately after June 30, 2023, in the
case of the remaining US dollar settings. These announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis (or at all) cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021.

The cessation of LIBOR for various currencies at the end of 2021 (and in 2023 for certain tenors of U.S. Dollar LIBOR) will also result in
replacement rates being used more widely, including in the instruments documenting certain of our financial obligations. For example, in the U.S., a group convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, called the
Alternative Reference Rate Committee (“ARRC”) and comprised of a diverse set of private sector entities, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or “SOFR”) as its preferred alternative rate for the USD LIBOR and the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York has begun publishing SOFR daily. Many banks in the U.S. have begun entering into transactions where interest is determined based on SOFR or plan to do so during the course of 2021, as recommended by

14

Table of Contents

ARRC and certain regulators. Additionally, many financial contracts, including some which govern our financial obligations, include replacement alternatives for LIBOR upon the cessation of LIBOR.
It is possible that some U.S. lenders will elect to use alternative rates other than SOFR. Central banks in several other jurisdictions have also announced plans for publishing alternative reference rates for other currencies.

In addition, on November 29, 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, as of January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk
free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the
primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021.

On September 21, 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts
in the euro area. On September 13, 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on
October 2, 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with
€STR or an alternative benchmark.

This and other reforms may cause IBORs to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear
entirely, or have other consequences, which cannot be fully anticipated, which introduce a number of risks for us including legal risks arising from potential changes required to documentation for new and existing transactions, financial risks
arising from any changes in the valuation of financial instruments linked to benchmark rates and hedging mismatch, pricing risks arising from how changes to benchmark indices could impact pricing mechanisms on some instruments, operational risks
arising from the potential requirement to adapt information technology systems, trade reporting infrastructure and operational processes, and commercial risks arising from the potential impact of communication with customers and engagement during
the transition period. Accordingly, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

Our approach to the replacement of the IBOR rates is described in more detail in “LIBOR Transition” in item 5A.

Liquidity Risk

We face risks relating to liquidity of
our capital resources.

Liquidity risk, as we understand it, is the risk that we will not have sufficient financial resources to meet
our obligations by the respective maturity dates or that we will honor such obligations but at an excessive cost. This risk is inherent in the activities of any commercial or retail bank.

Our capacity and cost of funding may be impacted by a number of factors, such as changes in market conditions (e.g., in interest rates),
credit supply, regulatory changes, systemic shocks in the banking sector, and changes in the market’s perception of us, among others.

In scenarios where access to funding is scarce and/or becomes too expensive, and the access to capital markets is either not possible or is
limited, we may find ourselves obliged to increase the return rate paid to deposits made to attract more clients and/or to settle assets not compromised and/or potentially devalued so that we will be able to meet our obligations. If the market
liquidity is reduced, the demand pressure may have a negative impact on prices, since natural buyers may not be immediately available. Should this happen, we may have a significant negative goodwill on assets, which will impact the bank’s
results and financial position. The persistence or worsening of such adverse market conditions or rises in basic interest rates may have a material adverse impact on our capacity to access capital markets and on our cost of funding.

Concentration Risk

15

Table of Contents

We face risks related to market concentration.

Concentration risk is the risk associated with potentially high financial losses triggered by significant exposure to a particular component of
risk, whether it be related to a particular counterparty, industry, geographic region, mitigating instruments, index or currency. Examples of such risks include significant exposure to a single counterparty, to counterparties operating in the same
economic sector or geographical region, to businesses segments or credit products, or to financial instruments that depend on the same index or currency.

We believe that failure to diversify transactions with respect to a particular risk factor could generate material financial loss for us.

Hedge Risk

Our hedge strategy may not be able to
prevent losses

We use diverse instruments and strategies to hedge our exposures to a number of risks associated with our business, but
we may incur losses if such hedges are not effective.

We may not be able to hedge our positions, or do so only partially, or we may not
have the desired effectiveness to mitigate our exposure to the diverse risks and market in which we are involved. Any of these scenarios may adversely affect our business and financial results.

Operational Risks

We face risks relating to our
operations.

Operational risks, which may arise from errors in the performance of our processes, the conduct of our employees,
instability, malfunction or outage of our IT system and infrastructure, or loss of business continuity, or comparable issues with respect to our vendors, may disrupt our businesses and lead to material losses. We face operational risk arising from
errors, accidental or premeditated, made in the execution, confirmation or settlement of transactions or from transactions not being properly recorded, evaluated or accounted for. The occurrence of any of these risks may adversely affect our
business, financial results and reputations.

We are exposed to failures, deficiency or inadequacy of our internal processes, human error or misconduct
and cyberattacks. Additionally, we rely on third-party services. All these factors may adversely affect us.

Due to the high volume of
daily processing, we are dependent on technology and management of information, which exposes us to eventual unavailability of systems and infrastructure such as power outages, interruption of telecommunication services, and generalized system
failures, as well as internal and external events that may affect third parties with which we do business or that are crucial to our business activities (including stock exchanges, clearing houses, financial dealers or service providers) and events
resulting from wider political or social issues, such as cyberattacks or unauthorized disclosures of personal information in our possession. We manage and store certain proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our
clients and to our operations. We may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use for these purposes, as well as the theft of technology and intellectual property. Additionally, we operate in many geographic locations and are
frequently subject to the occurrence of events outside of our control. Despite the contingency plans we have in place, our ability to conduct business in any of these locations may be adversely impacted by a disruption to the infrastructure that
supports our business. We are strongly dependent on technology and thus are vulnerable to viruses, worms and other malicious software, including “bugs” and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of our systems
and result in data leakage.

Operating failures, including those that result from human error or fraud, not only increase our costs and
cause losses, but may also give rise to conflicts with our clients, lawsuits, regulatory fines, sanctions, interventions, reimbursements and other indemnity costs. Ethical misconduct and noncompliance – ethical misconduct or breaches of
applicable laws by our businesses or our employees could be damaging to our reputation too, and could result in litigation, regulatory action and penalties. All of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of
operations. Operational risk also includes legal risk associated with inadequacy or deficiency in contracts signed by us, as

16

Table of Contents

well as penalties due to noncompliance with laws and punitive damages to third parties arising from the activities undertaken by us. Additionally, we have essential other services for the proper
functioning of our business and technology infrastructure, such as call centers, networks, internet and systems, among others, provided by external or outsourced companies. Impacts on the provision of these services, caused by these companies due to
the lack of supply or the poor quality of the contracted services, can affect the conduct of our business as well as our clients. We also rely in certain limited capacities on third-party data management providers whose possible security problems
and security vulnerabilities may have similar effects on us.

As a result of the
COVID-19

pandemic, we have rapidly increased the number of employees working remotely. This may cause increases in the unavailability of our systems and infrastructure, interruption of telecommunication services, generalized system failures and heightened
vulnerability to cyberattacks. Accordingly, our ability to conduct our business may be adversely impacted.

Failure to protect personal information
could adversely affect us.

We manage and hold confidential personal information of clients in the ordinary course of our business.
Although we have procedures and controls to safeguard personal information in our possession, unauthorized disclosures or security breaches could subject us to legal action and administrative sanctions as well as damage that could materially and
adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and prospects.

Further, our business is exposed to risk from potential
non-compliance
 with policies, employee misconduct or negligence and fraud, which could result in regulatory sanctions and reputational or financial harm.

In addition, we may be required to report events related to cybersecurity issues, events where client information may be compromised,
unauthorized access and other security breaches, to the relevant regulatory authority. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems could cause information, including data related to client requests, to be lost or to be delivered to our
clients with delays or errors, which could reduce demand for our services and products and could materially and adversely affect us.

Failure to
adequately protect ourselves against risks relating to cybersecurity could materially and adversely affect us.

We face various
cybersecurity risks, including but not limited to: penetration of our information technology systems and platforms, by
ill-intentioned
 third parties, infiltration of malware (such as computer viruses) into our
systems, contamination (whether intentional or accidental) of our networks and systems by third parties with whom we exchange data, unauthorized access to confidential client and/or proprietary data by persons inside or outside of our organization,
and cyberattacks causing systems degradation or service unavailability that may result in business losses.

Although we have procedures
and controls to safeguard our information technology systems and platforms, we are subject to cybersecurity risks. We have seen in recent years computer systems of companies and organizations being targeted, not only by cyber criminals, but also by
activists and rogue states. We define cyberattack as any type of offensive maneuver employed by states, nations, individuals, groups or organizations that targets computer information systems, infrastructure, networks and/or personal devices, using
varied means, such as denial of service, malware and phishing, for the purpose of stealing, altering or destroying a specific target by hacking into a technological susceptible system. Cyberattacks can range from the installation of viruses on a
personal computer to attempts to destroy the infrastructure of entire nations. We are exposed to this risk over the entire lifecycle of information, from the moment it is collected to its processing, transmission, storage, analysis and destruction.

A successful cyberattack may result in unavailability of our services, leak or compromise of the integrity of information and could give
rise to the loss of significant amounts of client data and other sensitive information, as well as significant levels of liquid assets (including cash) as well as damage to our image, directly affecting our customers and partners. In addition,
cyberattacks could give rise to the disabling of our information technology systems used to service our clients. As attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may incur significant costs in our attempt to modify or enhance
our protective measures against such attacks, or to investigate or remediate any vulnerability or resulting breach.

17

Table of Contents

If we fail to effectively manage our cybersecurity risk, for example, by failing to update our
systems and processes in response to new threats, this could harm our reputation and adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and prospects through the payment of client compensation, regulatory penalties and fines and/or through
the loss of assets. In addition, we may also be subject to cyber-attacks against critical infrastructures of Brazil or of the other countries where we operate. Our information technology systems are dependent on such critical infrastructure and any
cyber-attack against such critical infrastructure could negatively affect our ability to service our clients.

In 2020, due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic, there was a significant increase in employees working from home, which led to a change in the tactics used by cyber criminals to perform attacks, mostly exploiting the fears of people to try to
steal data or compromise the technological environment. Due to the new profile of risks, we reinforced our measures to block fraudulent
e-mails
 and to takedown malicious websites, ensuring that workstations
are protected by antimalware and only have connectivity to our VPN. We also help third parties to adapt their infrastructure to work securely from home. There are also requirements related to the information security process, such as the Brazilian
General Personal Data Protect Act (LGPD), CVM Instruction No. 612/2019 and CMN Resolution No. 4,658 /2018, that we agree on their importance to keep cyber risks mitigated and the related controls are continuous monitored to ensure
effectiveness as any failure to comply with these regulatory requirements could adversely affect us.

The loss of senior management, or our ability to
attract and maintain key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on us.

Our ability to maintain our competitive position and
implement our strategy depends on our senior management. The loss of some of the members of our senior management, or our inability to maintain and attract additional personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our ability
to implement our strategy.

Our performance and success are largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals.
Talent attraction and retention is one of the key pillars for supporting the results of our organization, which is focused on client satisfaction and sustainable performance. Our ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain the right number of
appropriately qualified people is critical to our performance and ability to thrive globally. Concurrently, we face the challenge to provide a new experience to employees, so that we are able to attract and retain highly-qualified professionals who
value environments offering equal opportunities and who wish to build up their careers in dynamic, cooperative workplaces, which encourage diversity and meritocracy and are up to date with new work models. Also, our current business scenario demands
not only a careful look at traditional careers, but also at new career paths that are indispensable for our future.

Our performance could
be adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate key talent. As we are highly dependent on the technical skills of our personnel, including successors to crucial leadership positions, as well as their relationships with
clients, the loss of key components of our workforce (particularly to emerging competitors, such as
start-ups
 and fintechs), could make it difficult to compete, grow and manage the business. A loss of such
expertise could adversely affect our financial performance, future prospects and competitive position.

Misconduct of our employees or representatives
may adversely affect us.

Our business is based on institutional principles (“Our Way”), among which are “it’s only
good for us if it’s good for the client” and “ethics are
non-negotiable”.
 However, part of the customer relationship depends on direct interaction with our employees or representatives. We
cannot assure you that our individual employees will always comply with our internal policies and that our internal procedures will effectively monitor and identify misbehavior. Deviations in behavior such as inappropriate sales practices and
improper use of information may occur. These risks can give rise to customer attrition, need of compensation or reimbursements, litigation and, according to its extension, may expose the institution to reputation risk, financial and credibility
losses with the market and regulators.

We may not be able to prevent our officers, employees or third parties acting on our behalf from engaging in
situations that qualify as corruption in Brazil or in any other jurisdiction, which could expose us to administrative and judicial sanctions, as well as have an adverse effect to us.

18

Table of Contents

We are subject to Brazilian anticorruption legislation, and similarly-focused legislation of the
other countries where we have branches and operations, as well as other anticorruption laws and regulatory regimes with a transnational scope. These laws require the adoption of integrity procedures to mitigate the risk that any person acting on our
behalf may offer an improper advantage to a public agent in order to obtain benefits of any kind. Applicable transnational legislation, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and U.K. Bribery Act, as well as the applicable Brazilian
legislation (mainly Brazilian Law No. 12,846/2013 – Lei Anticorrupção Brasileira), require us, among other things, the maintenance of policies and procedures aimed at preventing any illegal or improper activities related to
corruption involving government entities and officials in order to secure any business advantage, and require us to maintain accurate books and a system of internal controls to ensure the accuracy of our books and prevent illegal activities. We have
policies and procedures designed to prevent bribery and other corrupt practices. See “Item 4B. Business Overview—Supervision and Regulation” for further details. Unauthorized actions by our officers, employees or third parties acting
on our behalf in breach of our internal policies may qualify as corruption in Brazil or in other jurisdiction and we could be exposed to administrative and judicial sanctions, accounting errors or adjustments, monetary losses and reputational
damages or other adverse effects. The perception or allegations that we, our employees, our affiliates or other persons or entities associated with us have engaged in any such improper conduct, even if unsubstantiated, may cause significant
reputational harm and other adverse effects.

We operate in international markets which subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial,
accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to such markets, which could adversely affect us or our foreign units.

We operate in various jurisdictions outside of Brazil through branches, subsidiaries and affiliates, and we expect to continue to expand our
international presence. We face, and expect to continue to face, additional risks in the case of our existing and future international operations, including:

•   political instability, adverse changes in diplomatic relations and unfavorable economic and business conditions
in the markets in which we currently have international operations or into which we may expand;

•   more restrictive or inconsistent government regulation of financial services, which could result in increased
compliance costs and/or otherwise restrict the manner in which we provide our services; and

•   difficulties in managing operations and adapting to cultural differences, including issues associated with
(i) business practices and customs that are common in certain foreign countries but might be prohibited by Brazilian law and our internal policies and procedures and (ii) management and operational systems and infrastructures, including
internal financial control and reporting systems and functions, staffing and managing of foreign operations, which we might not be able to do effectively or cost-efficiently.

As we expand into these and additional markets these risks could be more significant and have the potential to have an adverse impact on us.

Strategy Risk

Our business strategy may not
provide us the results we expect.

Our strategy and challenges are determined by management based on related assumptions, such as the
future economic environment, and the regulatory, political and social scenarios in the regions in which we operate. These assumptions are subject to inaccuracies and risks that might not be identified or anticipated.

Accordingly, the results and consequences arising from any possible inaccurate assumptions may compromise our capacity to fully or partially
implement strategies, as well as to achieve the results and benefits expected therefrom, which might give rise to financial losses and reduce the value creation to our stockholders.

Additionally, factors beyond our control, such as, but not limited to, economic and market conditions, changes in laws and regulations,
including regulations limiting fees or interest rates and fostering an increasingly competitive scenario, and other risk factors stated in this annual report may make it difficult or impossible to implement fully or partially our business model and
also our achieving the results and benefits expected from our business plan.

19

Table of Contents

Adverse changes to the political and economic scenario in Latin America may affect some of the
challenges we have taken on, such as the internationalization of our business, since our strategy to strengthen our position in other countries is also dependent on the respective economic performance of these countries.

The integration of acquired or merged businesses involves certain risks that may have a material adverse effect on us.

As part of our growth strategy in the Brazilian and Latin American financial sector, we have engaged in a number of mergers, acquisitions and
partnerships with other companies and financial institutions in the past and may pursue further such transactions in the future. Until we have signed a definitive agreement, we usually do not comment publicly on possible acquisitions. When we do
announce, our stock price may fall depending on the size of the acquisition. Even though we review the companies we plan to acquire, it is generally not viable for these reviews to be complete in all respects. Any such transactions involve risks,
such as the possible incurrence of unanticipated costs as a result of difficulties in integrating systems, finance, accounting and personnel platforms, failure in diligence or the occurrence of unanticipated contingencies, as well as the breach of
the transaction agreements by counterparties. In addition, we may not achieve the operating and financial synergies and other benefits that we expected from such transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or at all. There is also the
risk that antitrust and other regulatory authorities may impose restrictions or limitations on the transactions or on the businesses that arise from certain combinations or impose fines or sanctions due to the interpretation by the authorities of
irregularities with respect to a corporate merger, consolidation or acquisition.

If we are unable to take advantage of business growth
opportunities, cost savings, operating efficiencies, revenue synergies and other benefits we anticipate from mergers and acquisitions, or if we incur greater integration costs than we have estimated, then we may be adversely affected.

Our controlling stockholder has the ability to direct our business.

As of December 31, 2020, IUPAR, our controlling stockholder, directly owned 51.71% of our common shares and 26.15% of our total share
capital, giving it the power to appoint and remove our directors and officers and determine the outcome of any action requiring stockholder approval, including transactions with related parties, corporate reorganizations and the timing and of
dividend payments.

In addition, IUPAR is jointly controlled by Itaúsa, which, in turn, is controlled by the Egydio de Souza Aranha
family, and by Cia. E. Johnston, which in turn is controlled by the Moreira Salles family. The interests of IUPAR, Itaúsa and the Egydio de Souza Aranha and Moreira Salles families may be different from the interests of our other
stockholders.

Certain of our directors are affiliated with IUPAR and circumstances may arise in which the interests of IUPAR and its
affiliates conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. To the extent that these and other conflicting interests exist, our stockholders will depend on our directors duly exercising their fiduciary duties as members of our Board of
Directors. Notwithstanding, according to Brazilian Corporation Law the controlling stockholders should always vote in the interest of the company. In addition, they are prohibited from voting in cases of conflict of interest in the matter to be
decided.

Litigation Risk

Unfavorable court
decisions involving material amounts for which we have no or partial provisions or in the event that the losses estimated turn out to be significantly higher than the provisions made, may adversely affect our results and financial condition.

As part of the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to, and party to various civil, tax and labor lawsuits, which involve
financial risks. Our audited consolidated financial statements only include reserves for probable losses that can be reasonably estimated and eventual expenses that we incur in connection with litigation or administrative proceedings, or as
otherwise required by Brazilian law. It is currently not possible to estimate the amount of all potential costs that we may incur or penalties that may be imposed on us other than those amounts for which we have reserves. In the event of
unfavorable court decisions involving material amounts for which we have no or partial provisions, or in the event that the losses estimated turn out to be significantly higher than the provisions made, the aggregate cost of unfavorable decisions,
may adversely affect our results and financial condition.

20

Table of Contents

Decisions on lawsuits due to government monetary stabilization plans may have a material adverse effect on us.

We are a defendant in lawsuits for the collection of understated inflation adjustment for savings resulting from the economic plans
implemented in the 1980s and 1990s by the Brazilian government as a measure to combat inflation.

Itaú Unibanco Holding is a
defendant in lawsuits filed by individuals, as well as class actions filed by (i) consumer protection associations; and (ii) the public attorneys’ office (
Ministério Público
) on behalf of holders of savings
accounts. In connection with these class actions, we established provisions upon service of the individual claim requiring the enforcement of a judgment handed down by the judiciary, using the same criteria used to determine the provisions of
individual actions.

The STF has issued a number of decisions in favor of the holders of savings accounts but has not ruled regarding the
constitutionality of economic plans and their applicability to savings accounts. Currently, the appeals on this issue are suspended by order of the STF, until there is a definitive decision by the STF regarding the constitutional issue.

In December 2017, under the mediation of the
Advocacia-Geral da União
 (or AGU), the representative entities of banks and the
representative entities of holders of savings accounts entered into an agreement with the objective of ending the litigation related to economic plans against the Brazilian banks. The agreement establishes the conditions for the voluntary adhesion
of the holders of savings accounts for the receiving of amounts and closure of processes.

The agreement was ratified at a plenary session
of the STF on March 1, 2018 and the holders of savings accounts were able to adhere to its terms for a period of 24 months.

As this
period expired, the parties signed an addendum to the instrument to extend the adhesion period to include a greater number of saving account holders and, consequently, increase the termination of legal actions. In May 2020, the STF approved this
addendum and granted a term of thirty months for new adhesions, which may be extended for another thirty months, conditioned to the number of account holders adhering throughout the first period.

As such, low adherence to the agreement and an eventual unfavorable judgment by the STF may result in Brazilian banks incurring relevant
costs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position. We are currently working with the courts to encourage adherence.

Tax assessments
may adversely affect us.

As part of the normal course of business, we are subject to inspections by federal, municipal and state tax
authorities. These inspections, arising from the divergence in the understanding of the application of tax laws may generate tax assessments which, depending on their results, may have an adverse effect on our financial results. Also due to such
proceedings and for other reasons we may be thwarted by a court decision to pay dividends and other distributions to our shareholders.

Please see “Item 8A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information—Legal Proceedings” for further details.

Management Risk Factor

Our policies, procedures and
models related to risk control may be ineffective and our results may be adversely affected by unexpected losses.

Our risk management
methods, procedures and policies, including our statistical models and tools for risk measurement, such as value at risk, or VaR, for market risk default probability estimation models for credit risk or customer unusual behavior models for fraud
detection or money-laundering risk identification, may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all economic environments or against all types of risks, including those that we fail to identify or anticipate. Some of our qualitative
tools and metrics for managing risk are based on our observations of the historical market behavior. In addition, due to limitations on information available in Brazil, to assess clients’ creditworthiness, we rely largely

21

Table of Contents

on credit information available from our own databases, on certain publicly available consumer credit information and other sources. We apply statistical and other tools to these observations and
data to quantify our risk exposure. These tools and metrics may fail to predict all types of future risk exposures. These risk exposures, for example, could arise from factors we did not anticipate or correctly evaluate in our statistical models.
This would limit our ability to manage our risks. Our losses, therefore, could be significantly greater than indicated by historical measures. In addition, our quantified modeling may not take all risks into account. Our qualitative approach to
managing those risks could prove insufficient, exposing us to material unexpected losses.

Our results of operations and financial
position depend on our ability to evaluate losses associated with risks to which we are exposed and on our ability to build these risks into our pricing policies. We recognize an allowance for loan losses aiming at ensuring an allowance level
compatible with the expected loss, according to internal models credit risk measurement. The calculation also involves significant judgment on the part of our management. Those judgments may prove to be incorrect or change in the future depending on
information as it becomes available. These factors may adversely affect us.

Financial Reporting Risks

We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our financial statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results.

In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we use
certain estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and other factors. While we believe that these estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances, they are subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond
our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, our reported operating results could be materially adversely affected.

As a result of the inherent limitations in our disclosure and accounting controls, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in
reports we file with or furnish to the SEC under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. We believe that any disclosure
controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, including related accounting controls, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. In addition, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an
unauthorized override of the controls.

Any failure by us to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting may adversely affect investor
confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of investments in our securities.

We are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 to furnish a report by our management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and to include a report by our independent auditors attesting to such effectiveness. Any failure by us to maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to report accurately our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our
independent auditors determine that we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market
prices of our shares and ADSs could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement
or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies subject to SEC regulation, also could restrict our future access to the capital markets.

We adopt Brazilian accounting standards and managerial disclosures that differ from foreign standards, including from the U.S., with which
U.S. stockholders are familiar.

22

Table of Contents

For regulatory purposes, we prepare and make available consolidated financial statements under
IFRS issued by IASB and under the Brazilian GAAP, which may differ from US GAAP in a number of ways. We use Brazilian GAAP for filing with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (“CVM”) and for calculation of payment of
dividends and tax liabilities. Furthermore, we disclose quarterly reports on managerial financial information not required in other countries. U.S. investors may be unfamiliar with these different accounting standards and managerial disclosures
adopted by us.

Underwriting Risk

Inadequate
pricing methodologies for insurance, pension plan and premium bond products may adversely affect us.

Our insurance and pension plan
subsidiaries establish prices and calculations for our insurance and pension products based on actuarial or statistical estimates. The pricing of our insurance and pension plan products is based on models that include a number of assumptions and
projections that may prove to be incorrect, since these assumptions and projections involve the exercise of judgment with respect to the levels and timing of receipt or payment of premiums, contributions, provisions, benefits, claims, expenses,
interest, investment results, retirement, mortality, morbidity, and persistence. We could suffer losses due to events that are contrary to our expectations directly or indirectly based on incorrect biometric and economic assumptions or faulty
actuarial bases used for contribution and provision calculations.

Although the pricing of our insurance and pension plan products and the
adequacy of the associated reserves are reassessed on a yearly basis, we cannot accurately determine whether our assets supporting our policy liabilities, together with future premiums and contributions, will be sufficient for the payment of
benefits, claims, and expenses. Accordingly, the occurrence of significant deviations from our pricing assumptions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our insurance and pension products. In addition, if we conclude that our reserves
and future premiums are insufficient to cover future policy benefits and claims, we will be required to increase our reserves and record these effects in our financial statements, which may have a material adverse effect on us.

Competition Risk

We face risks associated with the
increasingly competitive environment, and recent consolidations in the Brazilian banking industry, as well as competition based on technological alternatives to traditional banking services.

The Brazilian market for financial and banking services is highly competitive. We face significant competition from other Brazilian and
international banks, in addition to other
non-financial
 companies competing in certain segments of the banking industry in which we operate. These latter competitors may not be subject to the same regulatory
and capital requirements that we are and, therefore, may be able to operate with less stringent regulatory requirements.

Competition has
increased as a result of recent consolidations among financial institutions in Brazil and of regulations that (i) increase the ability of clients to switch business between financial institutions, (ii) with the client’s permission,
grant access to financial and personal information in such institutions, and (iii) establish rules for an instant payment arrangement. Furthermore, digital technologies are changing the ways customers access banking services and the competitive
environment with respect to such services. The use of digital channels has risen steadily over the past few years. In this context, new competitors are seeking to disrupt existing business models through technological alternatives to traditional
banking services. If we are not successfully able to compete with these disruptive business models and markets, we may lose market share and, consequently, lower our margins and profitability. Such increased competition may also adversely affect us
by, among other things, limiting our ability to retain or increase our current client base and to expand our operations, or by impacting the fees and rates we adopt, which could reduce our profit margins on banking and other services and products we
offer.

Please see “Item 4B. Business Overview—Supervision and Regulation—Antitrust Regulation” for further details
about the competition on the Brazilian markets.

We are subject to Brazilian antitrust legislation and that of other countries in which we operate or
will possibly operate.

We are in a dominant position in certain Brazilian banking markets and, therefore, may be subject to the
Brazilian antitrust laws including No. 12,529/11, which address, among other matters, violation of the economic order. Accordingly,

23

Table of Contents

we may be subject to penalties from Brazilian antitrust authorities, especially administrative fines and divestiture of assets. Additionally, we are subject to the antitrust legislation in the
jurisdictions where we operate, such as the antitrust laws of the U.S. (Sherman Act and Clayton Antitrust Act) and of the European Union (Articles 101 and 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union). Consequently, we cannot assure
that Brazilian and foreign antitrust regulations will not adversely affect our business in the future.

Reputational Risk

Damage to our reputation could harm our business and outlook.

We are highly dependent on our image and credibility to generate business. A number of factors may tarnish our reputation and generate a
negative perception of the institution by our clients, counterparties, stockholders, investors, supervisors, commercial partners and other stakeholders, such as noncompliance with legal obligations, making irregular sales to clients, dealing with
suppliers with questionable ethics, unauthorized disclosure of client data, inappropriate behavior by our employees, and third-party failures in risk management, among others. In addition, certain significant actions taken by third parties, such as
competitors or other market participants, may indirectly damage our reputation with clients, investors and the market in general. If we are unable, or are perceived unable, to properly address these issues we may be subject to penalties, fines,
class actions, and regulatory investigations, among others. Damages to our reputation among clients, investors and other stakeholders may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial performance and prospects.

Environmental and Social Risks

We may incur financial
losses and damages to our reputation from environmental and social risks.

Environmental and social risk is considered a material issue
for our business, since it can affect the creation of shared value in the short, medium and long terms, from the standpoint of our organization and our main stakeholders. Further, we understand environmental and social risk as the possibility of
losses resulting from events of environmental and social origin related to our activities. For more information about our environmental and social risk management please see “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk—Environmental and Social Risk.”

CMN Resolution No. 4,327/2014 establishes requirements that must be observed in the
establishment and implementation of the environmental and social responsibility policies applicable to financial institutions. Accordingly, we are required to assess environmental and social risks and evaluate data from environmental and social
related financial losses. The Central Bank is responsible for supervising the implementation of such regulation.

Environmental and social
issues may affect our daily activities and the revenue of our clients, causing defaults, especially in case of serious environmental and social incidents, including climate risk as climate change poses relevant risks for the whole financial system.

Climate risks encompass both physical risks, arising from changes in climate patterns such as rainfalls and rises in temperature and
extreme weather events; and transition risks arising from economic shifts occurred as a consequence of climate action such as carbon pricing, climate regulation, market risks and reputation risks. Given its relevance, climate risk has become one of
our main priorities: we support the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) since 2017 and we are committed to implement its recommendations by 2022. With this objective we are strengthening our climate risk governance and
strategy and developing tools and methodologies to assess and manage climate risks.

These risks are more pronounced when we provide
financial support for clients and projects, as we could be held indirectly liable for supporting such activity in case of environmental or social damage, which could also subject us to further reputational risks.

Climate change may have adverse effects on our business

The risks associated with climate change are gaining increasing social, regulatory, economic and political relevance, both nationally and
internationally. New regulations related to climate change may affect our operations and business strategy, leading us to incorporate financial costs resulting from: (i) the physical risk of climate change and (ii) the risk of transition
to a low carbon economy.

24

Table of Contents

The physical risks of climate change are related to the gradual increase in the average
temperature of the planet and to the increase in the intensity and frequency of extreme weather events. Despite the uncertainty component related to the intensity and location of these events, their impact on the economy is expected to be more acute
in the future. The potential impact on the economy includes, but is not limited to, significant changes in asset prices and industry profitability. Damage to borrowers’ properties and operations may impair asset values and credit quality of
customers, leading to higher nonperformance loans, write-offs and impairment charges in our portfolios. In addition, our facilities and resilience may also suffer physical damage due to weather events that result in increased costs for us.

As the economy transitions to a
low-carbon
 economy, financial institutions may face significant and
rapid developments in stakeholder expectations, policy, law and regulation which could impact the lending activities we undertake, as well as the risks associated with our lending portfolios, and the value of our financial assets. As concerns about
climate change increase and societal preferences change, we may face greater scrutiny of the type of business we conduct, adverse media coverage and reputational damage, which may in turn impact customer demand for our products, returns on certain
business activities and the value of certain assets and trading positions resulting in impairment charges. The impacts of climate change may also increase losses for those sensitive sectors, caused by the effects of both physical and transition
risks, causing loss of profitability for companies exposed to these risks and impairing their ability to repay any loans. Possible carbon pricing can affect companies’ costs and compromise their ability to generate cash flows. Any subsequent
increase in defaults and rising unemployment could create recessionary pressures, which may lead to an increased deterioration in the creditworthiness of our clients, higher expected credit loss, and increased charge-offs and defaults among
wholesale and retail customers. If we do not adequately embed risks associated with climate change into our risk framework to appropriately measure, manage and disclose the various financial and operational risks we face as a result of climate
change, or fail to adapt our strategy and business model to the changing regulatory requirements and market expectations on a timely basis, it may have a material and adverse impact on our business growth rate, competitiveness, profitability,
capital requirements, cost of funding, and financial condition.

For further details on our approach to climate change, “Item 11.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Environmental and Social Risk.”

Risk Factors for ADS Holders

The relative price volatility and limited liquidity of the Brazilian capital markets may significantly limit the ability of our investors to sell the
preferred shares underlying our ADSs, at the price and time they desire

The investment in securities traded in emerging markets
frequently involves a risk higher than an investment in securities of issuers from the U.S. or other developed countries, and these investments are generally considered more speculative. The Brazilian securities market is smaller, less liquid, more
concentrated and can be more volatile than markets in the U.S. and other countries. Thus, an investor’s ability to sell preferred shares underlying ADSs at the price and time the investor desires may be substantially limited.

The preferred shares underlying our ADSs do not have voting rights, except in specific circumstances.

Pursuant to our Bylaws, the holders of preferred shares and therefore of our ADSs are not entitled to vote in our general stockholders’
meetings, except in specific circumstances. Even in such circumstances, ADS holders may be subject to practical restrictions on their ability to exercise their voting rights due to additional operational steps involved in communicating with these
stockholders, as mentioned below.

According to the provisions of the ADSs deposit agreement, in the event of a general stockholders’
meeting, we will provide notice to the depositary bank, which will, to the extent practicable, send such notice to ADS holders and instructions on how such holders can participate in such general stockholders’ meeting, and ADS holders should
instruct the depositary bank on how to vote in order to exercise their voting rights. This additional step of instructing the ADS depositary bank may make the process for exercising voting rights longer for ADS holders.

25

Table of Contents

Holders of ADSs may be unable to exercise preemptive rights with respect to our preferred shares

We may not be able to offer the U.S. holders of our ADSs preemptive rights granted to holders of our preferred shares in the event of an
increase of our share capital by issuing preferred shares unless a registration statement relating to such preemptive rights and our preferred shares is effective or an exemption from such registration requirements of the Securities Act is
available. As we are not obligated to file a registration statement relating to preemptive rights with respect to our preferred shares, we cannot assure that preemptive rights will be offered to you. In the event such registration statement is not
filed (or in case filed, not declared effective) or if the exemption from registration is not available, the U.S. holders of our ADSs may not receive any value from the granting of such preemptive rights and have their interests in us diluted.

The surrender of ADSs may cause the loss of the ability to remit foreign currency abroad and of certain Brazilian tax advantages

While ADS holders benefit from the electronic certificate of foreign capital registration obtained in Brazil by the custodian for our preferred
shares underlying the ADSs, which permits the depositary bank to convert dividends and other distributions with respect to the preferred shares underlying the ADSs into foreign currency and remit the proceeds abroad, the availability and
requirements of such electronic certificate may be adversely affected by future legislative changes.

If an ADS holder surrenders the ADSs
and, consequently, receives preferred shares underlying the ADSs, such holder will have to register its investment in the preferred shares with the Central Bank either as (i) a Foreign Direct Investment, subject to Law No. 4,131/62, which
will require an electronic certificate of foreign capital registration, the Electronic Declaratory Registration of Foreign Direct Investment
(RDE-IED),
 or (ii) as a Foreign Investment in Portfolio,
subject to Resolution CMN No. 4,373/14, which among other requirements, requires the appointment of a financial institution in Brazil as the custodian of the preferred shares (except in case the foreign investor is a natural person) and legal
representative of the foreign investor in the Electronic Declaratory Registration of Portfolio (RDE – Portfolio). The failure to register the investment in the preferred shares as foreign investment under one of the regimes mentioned above
(e.g. RDE – IED or RDE – Portfolio) will impact the ability of the holder
non-resident
 in Brazil to dispose of the preferred shares and to receive dividends. Moreover, upon receipt of the preferred
shares underlying the ADSs, Brazilian regulations require the investor to enter into corresponding exchange rate transactions and pay taxes on these exchange rate transactions, as applicable.

The tax treatment for the remittance of distributions on, and the proceeds from any sale of, our preferred shares may be less favorable in
case a holder of preferred shares obtains the
RDE-IED
 instead of the
RDE-Portfolio.
 In addition, if a holder of preferred shares attempts to obtain an electronic
certificate of foreign capital registration, such holder may incur expenses or suffer delays in the application process, which could impact the investor’s ability to receive dividends or distributions relating to our preferred shares or the
return of capital on a timely manner.

The holders of ADSs have rights that differ from those of stockholders of companies organized under the laws of
the U.S. or other countries

Our corporate affairs are governed by our Bylaws and Brazilian Corporate Law, which may have legal
principles that differ from those that would apply if we were incorporated in the U.S. or in another country. Under Brazilian Corporate Law, the holders of ADSs and the holders of our preferred shares may have different rights with respect to the
protection of investor interests, including remedies available to investors in relation to any actions taken by our Board of Directors or the holders of our common shares, which may be different from what is provided in U.S. law or the law of
another country.

26

Table of Contents

ITEM 4.   INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY

4A.   History and Development of the Company

Our legal and commercial name is Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. We were incorporated on September 27, 1924. We are organized as a
publicly held corporation for an unlimited period of time under the laws of Brazil. Our head offices are located at Praça Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha, 100,
04344-902,
 São Paulo, SP, Brazil and
our telephone number is
+55-11-5019-1267.

Investor
information can be found on our Investor Relations website at www.itau-unibanco.com/ir. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in, and shall not be considered a part of, this annual report. Our agent for service of
process in the United States is the general manager of our New York branch, which is located at 767 Fifth Avenue, 50
th
 floor, New York, NY 10153.

Our History

In our history,
Unibanco was incorporated in 1924. The “Casa Moreira Salles”, as it was called, was founded by João Moreira Salles and used to sell everything: from dishes, clothes, shoes, to beverages. Thereafter, it began to operate as a banking
institution, acting as a banking correspondent for the leading banks in Minas Gerais state.

Two decades later, in 1943, Itaú was
founded by Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha, as Banco Central de Crédito S.A., with its first branch in the city of São Paulo.

João Moreira Salles and Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha played a key role in our history. As did the second generation of our founders,
Walther Moreira Salles and Olavo Setubal.

During this period, we grew, changed our name a few times, conducted mergers and acquisitions,
experienced economic growth in Brazil, hyperinflation, the middle-class boom and certain world crisis. We have witnessed the progress of Brazil and the stories of countless employees and clients who have helped us grow and encouraged us to develop.

In 2008, we undertook the largest merger in Brazil’s history. The partnership between Itaú and Unibanco meant the union of
complementary mentalities, two ground-breaking banks in the use of technology and leaders in the Brazilian financial sector, with shared histories. This merger resulted in the largest private financial conglomerate in the southern hemisphere and one
of the 20 largest banks in the world as measured by assets.

Over the course of more than 90 years, Itaú Unibanco has traced its
firm path with ceaseless commitment to the fostering of social transformation. Our history is marked by incentive of culture, education, sports and urban mobility through programs of
the Fundação Itaú para a
Educação e Cultura
,
Instituto Unibanco
, and
Espaço Itaú de Cinema
. The concern we have always shown for social causes became even more evident in the difficult context of the greatest health crisis in
history brought about by the
COVID-19
 pandemic. Faced with this challenge, we went far beyond our immediate business responsibilities and created the program
Todos pela Saúde
 (All for Health)
based on the largest philanthropic donation ever made by a private-sector entity in Brazil.

The resources donated through the
Fundação Itaú para Educação e Cultura are managed by a group of specialists from the health sector under the leadership of Paulo Chapchap, which operates through actions aimed at informing and guiding the
population, purchasing safety equipment, establishing preventative actions, purchasing equipment for hospitals and for testing the population, providing support for the construction of
Centros de Acolhimento
 (Shelters), and supporting
research into the epidemiology and treatment of
COVID-19.

We believe that a financial institution
should help people and companies to achieve their dreams and invest in big ideas. A bank encourages people to grow and companies to move forward. This is how we guide our business. The responsibility we assume for the country’s development is
at the core of our activity and is a hallmark of our entire history.

Recent Acquisitions

27

Table of Contents

Zup

On October 31, 2019, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with ZUP LLC, Bruno Cesar Pierobon, Gustavo Henrique Cunha Debs, Felipe
Liguabue Almeida, Flavio Henrique Zago, among others, for the acquisition of 100% of the voting share capital of Zup I.T. Serviços em Tecnologia e Inovação Ltda (“Zup”) for R$575 million, subject to any
contractual adjustments to the purchase price.

This acquisition will be implemented in three tranches over four years. In the first
tranche, which closed on March 31, 2020, we acquired 52.96% of the total voting share capital of Zup for approximately R$293 million and resulted in us controlling Zup. On the third anniversary of the closing date, we will acquire an
additional 19.6% of Zup’s stake, and on the fourth anniversary, we will acquire the remaining shareholding, leading to us holding 100% of the voting share capital by 2024.

This acquisition is linked to our digital transformation process. ZUP is a benchmark company in digital transformation, which has boosted the
development of our IT systems. The operation and management of business affairs of Zup will continue to be entirely independent and self-governing in relation to us, preserving its current principles and values.

XP Inc.

On May 11, 2017, we entered
into a Share Purchase Agreement with XP Controle Participações S.A., G.A. Brasil IV Fundo de Investimento em Participações, and Dyna III Fundo de Investimento em Participações, among others, as sellers, to
acquire 49.9% of the capital stock (corresponding to 30.1% of the common shares) of XP Investimentos S.A., a holding company that consolidates all the investments of the XP group, including XP Investimentos Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos
e Valores Mobiliários S.A. In the first tranche, we contributed to a capital increase of R$600 million and acquired of XP Investimentos S.A.’s shares from the Sellers for R$5.7 billion, provided that such amounts are subject to
contractual adjustments. The value attributed to 100% of the total capital stock of XP Investimentos S.A. (before the first tranche) was approximately R$12 billion.

The first tranche was approved (i) in March 2018, by CADE, and (ii) in August 2018, by the Central Bank. As a condition, for such
approvals, we entered into concentration control agreements (i) with CADE, whereby we undertook, among other obligations (a) if requested, to distribute proprietary investment products through open platforms competing with XP Investimentos
S.A. platforms in a
non-discriminatory
 manner; and (b) to not promote the targeting of its customers to XP Investimentos S.A. platforms; and (ii) with the Central Bank, whereby we undertook:
(a) not to acquire control of XP Investimentos S.A. for 8 years counted from the execution of the concentration control agreement; and (b) to cancel our call options and XP Controle’s put options.

In August 2018, we closed the First Tranche and, together with some of the Sellers, entered into a shareholders’ agreement which
contains, among others, provisions with respect to our rights as a minority shareholder, including our right to appoint two out of the seven members of the Board of Directors of XP Investimentos S.A.

On November 29, 2019, the shareholders of XP Investimentos S.A., including us, exchanged their shares of XP Investimentos S.A.,
incorporated in Brazil, for Class A common shares and Class B common shares of XP Inc., incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Each Class A common share entitles its holder to one vote and each Class B common share entitles its
holder to ten votes in all shareholders’ resolutions of XP Inc.. As a result of the contribution mentioned above, XP Inc. issued to us 792,861,320 Class A common shares and 223,595,962 Class B common shares, which represent 49.9% of
the total capital of XP Inc. and 30.06% of its voting rights. XP Inc. became the sole shareholder of XP Investimentos S.A., owning 100% of its total and voting capital.

Further, the shareholders of XP Inc. entered into a shareholders’ agreement substantially similar to the then existing shareholders’
agreement of XP Investimentos S.A.. XP Inc. has a board of directors comprised of thirteen members, out of which XP Controle Participações S.A. nominated seven, we nominated two, General Atlantic (XP) Bermuda, LP (successor of G.A.
Brasil IV Fundo de Investimento em Participações) nominated one, and the remaining three members are independent directors. The independent directors are also members of the audit committee of XP Inc., which is comprised of three
members nominated as follows: we nominated two members, and XP Controle Participações S.A. nominated one member of the audit committee.

28

Table of Contents

Subsequently, on November 30, 2019, XP Inc. carried out a reverse stock split of one share
for each four shares and, as a result, the number of shares held by us was adjusted to 198,215,329 Class A common shares and 55,898,991 Class B common shares.

In December 2019, XP Inc. completed its initial public offering and listing on Nasdaq. We did not sell any shares of XP Inc. in this offering
and, as a result, our ownership interest decreased from 49.9% to 46.05%.

On November 26, 2020, we announced that our Board of
Directors approved the partial
spin-off
 of our investment in XP Inc. to a new company (XPart S.A.).

In December 2020, XP Inc. held a
follow-on
 on Nasdaq, whereby we sold approximately 4.51% of our
equity interests in XP Inc.’s share capital. In that same offering, XP Inc. issued new shares, resulting in the dilution of our stake to 41% of its share capital.

At the Extraordinary General Stockholders’ Meeting held on January 31, 2021, our shareholders voted in favor of a corporate
reorganization in order to transfer the business line related to our interest in XP Inc.’s capital to a new company that will be named XPart S.A. XPart S.A. will be constituted by a portion of the investment currently held by us in XP Inc. and
cash in the amount of R$10 million. The completion of this transaction is subject to regulatory approval to be obtained by our controlling shareholders.

The percentage of XP Inc.’s capital to be held by XPart S.A. will be 40.52%, totaling R$9,371 million on the base date of
December 31, 2020. Our stockholders will then hold an ownership interest in XPart S.A., following the completion of the transaction. After registration as a publicly held company and authorization to list securities issued by XPart S.A., the
ownership interest in XPart S.A. will be distributed to our shareholders. The shares issued by XPart S.A. will be attributed to our stockholders in the same number, type and proportion of the shares previously held by them in Itaú Unibanco
Holding.

Subject to the Central Bank’s approval, we expect to acquire an additional stake corresponding to approximately 11.38% of
the share capital of XP Inc, in 2022.

The management and conduct of business of all companies within XP group, including XP Inc., remains
independent, segregated and autonomous, preserving the same principles and values that are currently in force. XP Controle’s partners will maintain control of the XP group, and the current directors, officers and executives of XP Investimentos
S.A. and other subsidiaries will remain at the forefront of their respective businesses, in order to ensure that XP Investimentos S.A. will continue to act as an open and independent platform, offering a diversified range of proprietary and third
party products to its clients, competing freely with other brokers and capital market distributors, including those controlled by us, without any restrictions or barriers.

The purpose of the
spin-off
 is to segregate this business line from the Itaú Unibanco Group
into a new company (XPart SA), which is represented by a portion of Itaú Unibanco Group’s investment in XP Inc., so that our stockholders will receive an equity interest in the same number and proportion of the shares they hold in
Itaú Unibanco. Additionally, the transaction allows Itaú Unibanco and XPart S.A to operate independently, with well-defined business goals. Accordingly, the main benefit of the transaction is value creation for our stockholders.

4B.   Business Overview

Operations Overview

We report the
following segments: (i) Retail Banking, (ii) Wholesale Banking, and (iii) Activities with the Market and Corporation. Through these operational segments, we provide a broad range of banking services to a diverse client base that
includes individuals and corporate clients, on an integrated basis as follows:

29

Table of Contents

The
Retail Banking
segment offers services to a diversified base of account holders and
non-account
 holders, individuals and companies in Brazil. The segment includes retail customers, mass affluent clients (Itaú Uniclass and Personnalité) and very small and small companies. Our offering
of products and services in this segment includes: personal loans, credit cards, payroll loans, vehicle financing, mortgage loans, insurance, pension plan and premium bond products, and acquiring services, among others. The Retail Banking segment
represents an important funding source for our operations and generates significant financial income and banking fees.

The
Wholesale
Banking
 segment is responsible for our private banking clients, the activities of our Latin America units, our middle-market banking business, asset management, capital market solutions, corporate and investment banking activities. Our wholesale
banking management model is based on building close relationships with our clients by obtaining an
in-depth
 understanding of our clients’ needs and offering customized solutions. Corporate activities
include providing banking services to large corporations and investment banking activities include offering funding resources to the corporate sector, including fixed and variable income instruments.

The
Activities with the Market and Corporation
segment manages interest income associated with our capital surplus, subordinated debt
surplus and the net balance of tax credits and debits. This segment also manages net interest income from the trading of financial instruments through proprietary positions, currency interest rate gaps and other risk factors, arbitrage opportunities
in the foreign and Brazilian domestic markets, and
mark-to-market
 of financial instruments. It also includes our interest in Porto Seguro S.A. For more information on
our interest in Porto Seguro S.A., see “ —Insurance.”

We carry out a wide range of operations outside of Brazil with units
strategically located in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our international presence creates significant synergies in foreign trade finance, in the placement of Eurobonds and in the offering of more sophisticated financial transactions to our clients.

Please see “Note 30 – Segment Information” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

The diversification of our business is reflected in the changing composition of our loan portfolio over the last few years, focusing on
origination in lower risk segments with enhanced guarantees. We continuously seek to implement and focus on offering new products and services that add value to our clients and diversify our income sources. This allows for the growth of our
non-financial
 income arising mainly from banking service fees, income from bank charges and from insurance, pension plan and capitalization operations.

Retail Banking

We have a large
and diverse portfolio of products, such as credit and investments, and services to address our clients’ needs. Our retail banking business is segmented according to customer profiles, which allows us to connect with and

30

Table of Contents

understand our customers’ needs, better enabling us to offer suitable products to meet their demands. Our main activities under the retail banking segment are the following:

Itaú Retail Banking (individuals)

Our core business is retail banking and through our retail operation we offer a dedicated service structure to consumer clients throughout
Brazil. Our customer service structure is targeted to offering the best solutions for each client profile. We classify our retail clients as individuals with a monthly income of up to R$4,000.

Our Itaú Uniclass services are available at every branch for clients who earn more than R$4,000 and less than R$15,000 per month. We
offer exclusive services to our Itaú Uniclass clients, including investment advisory services, exclusive cashiers and higher credit limits and a large team of dedicated relationship managers. For clients who prefer remote services, our
Itaú Uniclass provides a “digital bank platform” where relationship managers service clients through telephone,
e-mail,
 SMS, videoconference and chat from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on business days, at
no additional cost.

Our focus on digital transformation led to an increase of the share of our digital operations, which are sales,
account openings and accesses through the internet and mobile app. For instance, the online account opening process via mobile app, launched in 2016, already represents 49% of the individual accounts opened on a monthly basis (excluding salary
accounts), as of December 31, 2020.

We also continue to focus on initiatives to improve customer satisfaction. The satisfaction
ratings (Net Promoter Score, or NPS) of our retail bank improved by 11 percentage points between August 2018 and December 2020.

Itaú
Personnalité (banking for high-income individuals)

We began providing customized services to high-income individuals in 1996
with the creation of the Itaú Personnalité segment, which currently serves individuals who earn more than R$15,000 per month or have investments in excess of R$250,000.

Itaú Personnalité is focused on providing (i) financial advisory services by managers who understand the specific needs of
our higher-income clients, (ii) a large portfolio of exclusive products and services and (iii) special benefits based on the type and length of relationship with the client, including discounts on various products and services. Itaú
Personnalité services its clients through a dedicated network of 232 branches, located in the main Brazilian cities. Itaú Personnalité clients also have access to our retail banking network of branches and ATMs throughout the
country and can also access our internet, telephone and mobile banking.

For clients who prefer remote services, Itaú
Personnalité provides a “digital bank platform” where relationship managers service clients through telephone, email, SMS and videoconference. We also developed apps for smartphones and tablets that enable our clients to make
investments, buy products such as credit and insurance, make check deposits, transfers and payments, check account balances and find nearby branches and ATMs using GPS features.

The table below shows our market position and information about competitors for our retail banking (including Itaú Personnalité)
business:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Retail Banking (Including Itaú Personnalité)   In December 2020, we reached a market share of 11.4% based on total outstanding loan balance in reais, positioning us as the fourth largest bank in this segment in Brazil.   Itaú Unibanco
Holding has a leading position in many sectors of the Brazilian domestic financial market. Based on Central Bank data and publicly available financial information, our main competitors are Banco Bradesco, Banco Santander (Brazil), Banco do Brasil
and Caixa Econômica Federal.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and the Central Bank.

31

Table of Contents

Itaú Empresas (very small and small companies)

To meet and fulfill the needs of our corporate customers, we specialize in offering customized solutions and detailed advice on all products
and services for:

•   Microenterprises: customer base consisting of companies with annual revenues of up to R$ 1.2 million, served
by 2,587 bank branches and 2,144 relationship managers as of December 31, 2020; and

•   Small businesses: customer base consisting of companies with annual revenues between R$1.2 million and
R$30 million, served by 342 bank branches and 1,600 relationship managers as of December 31, 2020.

ANBIMA
certifies all of our relationship managers, who are trained and skilled to offer the appropriate banking solutions for each client, guided by all the variables that can affect the companies that we serve and their owners.

Our customers rely on our main strategy of capturing market opportunities and meeting their needs, particularly regarding cash flow
management, credit facilities, investments and banking services.

Since the beginning of the

COVID-19
 pandemic and the resulting economic crisis, we have sought to support our customers with complete and sustainable solutions. In
mid-April
 2020, we launched a
more comprehensive program called Travessia. The range of customized solutions offered includes grace periods, extended loan terms and new interest rate conditions. We also provided new government sponsored credit facilities to support our clients.

The
COVID-19
 pandemic has accelerated the process of customer digitalization. To help our
customers with this process, we developed new products, services and digital processes, as well as improving the tools used by our sales and relationship teams, aiming at greater efficiency in business generation and service.

We strive to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction by placing them at the heart of our business approach. To achieve this goal, using
the NPS system we constantly monitor the NPS indicator and intensify customer journey mapping as a means to identify opportunities to excel at meeting the needs of our customers. Our NPS indicator for this segment increased 13 percentual points
between August 2018 and December 2020.

Credit Cards and Commercial Agreements

We are the leader in the Brazilian credit card segment with a market share in terms of purchase volume of 32.4% in the fourth quarter of 2020,
according to ABECS. Through our proprietary segments and partnerships with major retailers, telephone companies, automakers and airlines established in Brazil, we offer a wide range of credit and debit cards to account holders and
non-account
 holders.

Our purpose is to provide the best customer experience and satisfaction. In order
to achieve this, as one of our priorities, we established the “Customer First”. Our aim is to continuously grow our credit card portfolio increasing digitalization, profitability and the quality of our assets. Accordingly, our credit card
division is dedicated to developing the best payment solutions for our clients,new products and new digital services while managing the credit quality of our portfolio.

Our global NPS, a measure of customer satisfaction, indicates that our score improved two basis points compared to 2018. In order to
continue evolving our credit card portfolio, our strategic focus is based on three main business segmentations: Account Holders,
Non-Account
 Holders and Retail Partnerships.

In 2020, the Account Holders businesses – Itaú Agências, Itaú Uniclass e Personnalité – launched fast
growing sales products: Itaú Uniclass Visa Infinity, Itau Agências Click and the Itaú Personnalité Visa Signature card, in which we were pioneers in the Brazilian market. In a context of high demand for purchases through
delivery services, Itaú Personnalité Visa Signature card offers 70% discount on the Rappi Prime subscription, possibility of payment via NFC technology (contactless) and travel benefits that include luggage loss, theft insurance and
trip cancellation. Another highlight of 2020 was the launch of “
pontos que rendem
” on Itau’s Loyalty program for Personnalité cardholders, which are investors. The program yields loyalty points along the year just like
our clients investments.

In the
Non-Account
 Holders segment our focus was on improving and
expanding our
co-branded
 program and the Credicard division transformation. In 2020, the airline cobranded cards, increased total accounts by 7.4% and purchase

32

Table of Contents

volume by 3.8%. The Azul Itaucard was rebranded, and we launched the Azul infinite card, with a series of benefits such as: better score in the rewards program, free annual fee when the customer
reaches a monthly spending goal, discount on airline tickets, access to VIP lounges and cabin upgrade. In the Credicard division, we made many changes to our way of doing business, such as the institution of a new purpose in 2019 “To
awaken in people the power of believing.” In 2020, even amid the
COVID-19
 pandemic, we experienced significant improvement in our business. Based on our three pillars (“Smart,” connection and
partnership), Credicard improved its retention rates and sales levels for the three-month period ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. In addition, in 2020 Credicard outperformed its 2019 Black Friday numbers, created a
new robust cashback model and delivered some great systemic improvements alongside the launch of a new product “Credicard On” in
co-creation
 with our clients.

Our Retail Partnerships business is one of our fastest growing businesses in the credit card division. We have partnerships with the main
national retail brands, such as Magazine Luiza, Ponto Frio, Pão de Açúcar, Extra

and Big Group.). By the end of 2020, retail partnerships returned to similar purchase volume levels as those seen in 2019, despite
the effects of the
COVID-19
 pandemic on our results.

Walmart operation in Brazil was
re-branded
 to BIG (supermarket chain) and the credit card product was relaunched with a new platform of benefits and discounts. In the Sam’s Club partnership credit card, which is part of BIG group, all
“international” credit cards were
up-graded
 to the “gold” category, more compatible with our clients’ profile. For our partnership with Magazine Luiza, we continued to reinforce our
strategy of growing purchase volume and new accounts, launching a new sales channel offering credit cards through Magazine Luiza’s app. In “Passaí,” we launched a new POS machine focusing on the small entrepreneur. It
became available in all Assaí stores.

The table below shows our market position and information about competitors for our credit
card business:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Credit Cards   We are the leaders in terms of transaction purchase volume of cards in Brazil, with 32.2% market share in the period from
January to December 2020.   Our traditional competitors in this business are Banco Bradesco, Banco Santander (Brazil), Banco do Brasil and
Caixa Econômica Federal. However, in recent years an increasing number of small and new digital competitors has entered this market, among which we highlight Nubank, Banco Inter and Banco Original.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and ABECS.

Payroll Deducted Loans

In Brazil, a
payroll deducted loan is a specific type of loan entered into by salaried employees or pensioners of the Brazilian social security system, as borrowers, and banks, as lenders, in which fixed monthly installments are deducted directly from the
borrower’s payroll or pension, as the case may be, for the payment of the amount owed to the lender.

Our strategy is directed mainly
to the pensioners of the Brazilian social security system and employees of public and private companies.

We offer payroll deducted loans
in Brazil mainly through two sales channels: (i) our branch network and our remote service channels, focusing on retail account holders, and (ii) the network of acquisition partners, focusing on

non-account
 holders. This strategy allows us to expand our business activities with historically lower credit risk, achieving a competitive position in the offer, distribution and sale of payroll deducted
loans in Brazil and improving the risk profile of our loans portfolio to individuals.

The table below shows our market position and
information about competitors for the business listed below:

33

Table of Contents

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Payroll Deducted Loans   In December 2020, we obtained a market share of 12.6% in terms of payroll deducted loans, positioning us as the fourth
largest bank in this segment in Brazil.   Our main competitors in this business are Banco do Brasil, Caixa Econômica Federal, Banco Bradesco and
Banco Santander (Brazil).

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and the Central Bank.

Mortgage

We assist our clients with
their financial development, as we help them with their personal assets. Mortgage financing products allow us to create long-lasting relationships with our clients, as mortgage financing products are of a long-term nature.

Since 2008, we have been the market leaders among Brazilian private banks in mortgage loans to individuals in terms of the total size of our
portfolio. This is a result of our business focus, which is in line with our strategy to migrate to lower-risk portfolios.

We have
several sales channels that are utilized for purposes of mortgage financing products: (i) branch network, (ii) construction and development companies, (iii) mortgage agencies, and (iv) partnerships with REMAX, a realtor company,
and CrediPronto, a mortgage financing company.

We prioritize customer satisfaction by providing our clients with a specialized mortgage
financing advisor to support them during the mortgage process. Our process is expeditious and efficient, and it takes us less than two hours to get back to the client for loans up to R$1 million. This financing process can be fully digital.

In line with our strategic focus on digital processes, our simulator is included on the websites of partner development companies and
real estate agencies, placing our brand closer to clients when they are looking to acquire real property. Our services are customized for every moment of the client’s digital journey, from internet banking services to social networks, providing
us with increasing client exposure levels. In 2019 and 2018 we were awarded the “Best Digital Mortgage Bank Brazil” by Global Finance.

The number of mortgages we provided directly to individuals in 2020 was 58 thousand, for an aggregate value of R$18.9 billion during
the year. In 2020, our portfolio had an average Loan to Value (LTV) of 40.0%, compared to 38.7% in 2019. In commercial loans, we financed 92 new real estate units during 2020, with an aggregate value of R$3.2 billion.

Another positive feature of the Brazilian market is the constant amortization system pursuant to which decreasing installments provide faster
amortization of a contract, reducing our
loan-to-value
 indicator at a faster rate than other amortization systems.

The table below shows our market position and information about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Real Estate Financing and Mortgages   In the period from January to December 2020 we were the second in new loans to individuals among Brazilian banks, with
21.4% market share.   Our main competitors in this business are Caixa Econômica Federal, Banco Bradesco, Banco Santander
(Brazil), and Banco do Brasil.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and ABECIP.

34

Table of Contents

Merchant Acquirer

Rede is one of the leading companies in the electronic payment solutions industry in Brazil. It is a multi-brand merchant acquirer of credit,
debit and benefit cards. Rede’s activities include merchant acquiring, capturing, transmission, processing and settlement of credit and debit card transactions, prepayment of receivables to merchants (resulting from credit card transactions),
rental of point of sale (POS) terminals,
e-commerce
 solutions,
e-wallet
 and check verification through POS terminals.

In 2020, we continued to restructure our business model, focusing on the following priorities: 1) integration of our banking operations; 2)
strengthening of direct sales channels; and 3) digital transformation.

We generated R$506.6 billion in transactions with respect to
credit and debit cards during the year ended December 31, 2020 an increase of 4.5% compared to the same period in 2019. The following table sets forth the financial volume of credit and debit card transactions processed by us in 2020, 2019 and
2018:

Financial Volume
(In billions of R$)
2020   2019   2018
Credit cards   308.8   312.7   280.8
Debit cards   197.8   172.3   156.3
Total   506.6   485.0   437.1

The table below shows our market position and information about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Merchant Acquirer   In the period from January to December 2020 we reached a market share of 34.1% in terms of total transaction volume (credit and
debit) generated by the acquiring services, positioning us as the second largest player in this segment in Brazil.   Our traditional
competitors in this business are Cielo and Santander GetNet. In recent years, changes in legislation made by the Central Bank combined with the growing
number of fintechs, contributed to an increase in competition in the segment. Among non-traditional players, we highlight PagSeguro and Stone.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and ABECS.

Private Pension Plans

We offer private
pension plans to our clients as an option for wealth, inheritance planning and income tax purposes (these products are
tax-deferred).
 We provide our clients with a solution to ensure the maintenance of their
quality of life through long-term investments, as a supplement to government general social security system plans.

Product innovation has
been important for the sustainable growth of our private sector pension operations. For legal entities, we offer specialized advice and develop customized solutions for each company. We establish long-term partnerships with our corporate clients,
maintaining a close relationship with their human resources departments and adopting a communication strategy focused on our employees’ financial education.

According to the National Federation of Private Pension and Life (
Federa
ç
ã
o Nacional de
Previd
ê
ncia Privada e Vida),
or FENAPREVI, contributions to Itaú Private Pension Plans reached R$15.4 billion in the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease compared to the contributions registered in
December 2019 is mainly due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

The table below shows our market position
and information about competitors for the business listed below:

35

Table of Contents

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Private pension plans   In December 2020 our balance of provisions represented 21.2% of the market share for private pension plans, positioning us as the third largest pension provider in Brazil. Considering only Individuals plans, our market share reached 20.8%, positioning us as the second largest private bank.   Our main competitors in private pension plan products are controlled by large commercial banks, such as Banco
Bradesco and Banco do Brasil, which, like us, take advantage of their branch network to gain access to the retail market.

Source: FENAPREVI (Balance of provisions—Pension Plans for Individuals and Companies).

Vehicle Financing

We developed and
launched a series of new products and services during 2020, some of which are:

Digital Retail
 – the evolution in our digital
retail platform had an important impact in our journey. We launched automotive
e-commerce
 with digital assistant, integrating means of payment and financial services, in a 100% digital experience for the
customer. Further, to ensure safety in our transactions and to optimize the client experience, we deployed a facial biometrics solution and electronic signature.

Programa Travessia

–
 we launched new solutions to support our clients during the

COVID-19
 pandemic. Accordingly, we offered grace periods of 60 and 120 days or loan reprofiling with an extension of the contract term, keeping the original contracted rate. These solutions benefited a
significant amount of vehicle financing clients.

VEC
 – we announced to the market our new service of electric vehicle shared,
Vec Itaú, which will be available to customers in the second half of 2021. This new solution will allow users to unlock the cars at stations directly through the application and return them at the same place or at another charging station.
These measured enable us to enhance our presence and position in the sustainable urban mobility sector.

iCarros products
 –
our solutions help dealers make their sales process more efficient. iCarros’ Lead Managers are now fully integrated with Linx Auto solution to help dealers on sales and billing process, ensuring a unique journey experience; “Garagem do
Conhecimento” is an educational platform with distant education classes to prepare professionals of the automotive sector. iCarros is the first Brazilian automotive marketplace integrated with several banks, who offer personalized credit that
match customer’s profiles;
“Check-up”
 iCarros is a car management app for end consumers, focused on services to drivers and also supplying detailed data from clients cars to the service
providers.“Entrega Fácil” is a new solution that allows sales to be delivered directly to the consumer’s home, whether it is for a test-drive or after the purchase has been made. The iCarros Club is a B2B
trade-in
 platform, built to help our clients to increase sales in a safe and faster manner.

As of
December 31, 2020, our individual and corporate vehicle financing portfolio (not considering FINAME) totaled R$35.7 billion, an 27% increase from the previous year. The average loan to value ratio of our individuals vehicle portfolio (the
ratio of a loan to the value of an asset purchased) was 61.4% as of December 31, 2020, a 180 basis points increase compared to 2019. Since 2012, we have reduced our risk exposure in the sector and focused on clients with better risk profiles,
which has allowed us to improve the credit quality of our vehicle loan portfolio.

The total amount of new contracts during the year ended
December 31, 2020 reached R$22.5 billion, a 9% growth compared to 2019, for our individual and corporate vehicle financing operations. The average vehicle loan term was 44 months, with 33% of the transactions carried out with terms up to
36 months.

The table below shows our market position and information about competitors for the business listed below:

36

Table of Contents

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Vehicles   In December 2020, we reached a market share of 10.6% in terms of loans to individuals among banks, positioning us as third in Brazil in this segment.   Our main bank competitors in this business are Banco Santander (Brazil), Banco do Brasil and Banco
Bradesco.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and the Central Bank.

Insurance

Our insurance business
provides a wide range of life and personal accident products, automobile and property insurance, credit insurance and travel insurance. Our insurance core activities, which include our 30% stake in Porto Seguro S.A, consist of mass-market insurance
products related to life, property and credit. These products are offered in synergy with retail channels – our branch network, partnerships with retailers, credit card clients, real estate and vehicle financing, personal loans – and the
wholesale channel. These products have characteristics such as a low combined ratio, low volatility in results and less use of capital, making them strategic and increasingly relevant in the diversification of the Itaú Unibanco Group’s
revenues. Other insurance activities encompass extended warranty, health insurance, our 11.6% stake in IRB – Brasil Resseguros S.A. and other operations.

Our insurance products have been receiving updates on coverage and assistance, bringing more value to these customers. In order to expand our
insurance products portfolio, we are concentrating on our own existing distribution channels as well as expanding our insurance brokerage activities and providing third-party insurance policies from partner insurers to our clients through an open
platform.

There was a reduction in the sales volume in 2020 due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic,
although there was no reduction in the amount of insurance from our customer portfolio. There was also a substantial impact on death, unemployment and hospitalization coverage due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

The table below shows our market position and information about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Insurance   Giving effect to our 30% ownership interest in Porto Seguro S.A., we reached 8.1% of market share based on earned premiums,
excluding VGBL (Redeemable Life Insurance), from January to December 2020, positioning us as the fifth largest insurance provider in this segment in Brazil. Considering only our recurring insurance activities, our market share reached 10.4%
in the same period.   Our main competitors
are controlled by or have partnerships with large commercial banks, such as Banco Bradesco, Banco Santander (Brazil) and Banco do Brasil which, like us, take advantage of their branch network to gain access to the retail market. Despite the high concentration of Brazilian banks in the market, the growing number of Insurtechs (startup companies focused on insurance) has facilitated
customer access to insurance companies, making this market even more competitive.

Source: SUSEP. Recurring insurance activities include: Personal Insurance (Life, Personal Accidents, Credit Insurance, Travel,
Unemployment, Funeral Allowance, Serious Diseases, Random Events), Housing, Multiple Peril and Homeowners. Health Insurance and VGBL — Redeemable Life Insurance products are not included.

Premium Bonds (títulos de capitalização, or capitalization plans)

37

Table of Contents

Premium bonds are fixed deposit products pursuant to which a client makes a
one-time
 deposit or monthly deposits of a fixed sum that will be returned at the end of a designated term. Ownership of premium bonds automatically qualifies a customer to participate in periodic raffles, each time
with the opportunity to win a significant cash prize.

We currently market our premium bonds products portfolio through our branch
network, electronic channels and ATMs, and we are currently developing new technologies for channel diversification. The net collection, taking into account the deduction of redemptions, from capitalization plans decreased 39.5% in the year ended
December 31, 2020 when compared to the same period of 2019.

The table below shows our market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Premium Bonds   In the period from January to December 2020 we had a market share of 11% in terms of revenues from sales of premium bonds,
positioning us as the fourth largest provider of such products in this segment in Brazil.   Our main competitors in premium bonds are controlled by or have partnerships with large commercial banks, such
as Banco Bradesco, Banco do Brasil and Banco Santander (Brazil) which, like us, take advantage of their branch network to gain access to the retail market.

Source: SUSEP.

Consortia

A consortium is a pool of people and/or legal persons in a group with the purpose of allowing their members, on an equal basis, to
acquire assets, such as vehicles, properties, or services, through self-financing. The payments made by the group participants are applied to a common fund, used by one or more members of the consortium at a time, to acquire the assets elected by
the members when the product was contracted. The participants receive the assets during the validity of the contract through the following methods: (i) random drawing; (ii) bid offer with own resources; (iii) part of the letter of
credit; and (iv) FGTS tax (only for properties consortium), with the exception of the random drawing, the other options may be combined.

As consortia are regarded as a provision of services under Brazilian law, the management of consortia does not give rise to default risk or
regulatory capital requirements for us.

Consortia do not charge interest rates and our revenues come mainly from the administration fee
charged to clients.

Given these characteristics, this business is strategic to us, contributing to revenue diversification and to a more
complete product portfolio offering to our clients. As of December 31, 2020, we achieved the following results:

•   Monthly average of R$1,154 million of sales in the three-month period ended December 31, 2020;

•   R$3.5 billion of sales recorded in the three-month period ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 10%
compared to the same period of 2019 and an increase of 33% compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2020;

•   New products implemented: trucks and motorcycles; and

•   New feature: in our app, customers can find a new feature to help them buying a consortium. They only have to
fill a form and they will receive a call offering the best options for them.

The table below shows our market position
and information about competitors for the business listed below:

38

Table of Contents

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Consortia Services Fees   In the period from January to December 2020 we had a market share of 6.2% in total consortia services fees. Considering only
banks, we are the third largest provider of such services in terms of fees in Brazil.   Considering only banks, our main competitors in the Brazilian consortia market are Bradesco Consortia and BB
Consortia.

Source: Central Bank.

Microcredit

Our microcredit unit offers
to
low-income,
 informal entrepreneurs’ access to credit to expand and develop their businesses. As a tool to stimulate entrepreneurship and part of the government’s National Program for Oriented and
Productive Microcredit (PNMPO), Itau Microcrédito is focused on entrepreneurs with up to R$360,000.00 in annual revenue. Loans are granted by specifically trained microcredit loan officers who discuss the client’s financial situation and
understand their business’s needs, as well as provide information to help them improve their financial management.

In 2020, our most
important initiative was to help our clients navigate the significant impacts of the
COVID-19
 pandemic in the Brazilian economy. We postponed the due dates of all interested, compliant clients in 60 days
during the second quarter of 2020 and offered a renegotiation campaign with special discounts for those who defaulted during the third quarter of 2020. Another important evolution was the start of the commercialization of microcredit in our retail
branches and through online channels in November 2020.

Public Sector Group

The Public Sector Group is tasked with client coverage and business development efforts for Brazilian Federal, State and Municipal government
branches as well as select State Owned Enterprises. Its value proposition entails coverage in key locations of clients in the Public Sector space by a team of seasoned professionals, offering a comprehensive array of Transaction Services, Asset
Management, Foreign Exchange, Payroll Services, Payment Solutions and Credit Products for select clients.

During 2020 the Public Sector
Group underwent a restructuring effort aimed at streamlining its operations and reinforcing its product portfolio with the goal of creating a more encompassing and Full Bank Experience for our clientele. As of December 31, 2020, the Public
Sector Group was responsible for managing the relationships with 6,505 client accounts from its 13 offices across Brazil.

Wholesale Banking

Wholesale Banking is the segment responsible for banking operations of middle-market, agribusiness, large and ultra-large
companies (those with annual revenues from R$30 million) and investment banking services. The breakdown of revenue among these segments is set out in the section “Item 4B. – Business Overview – Operations Overview” above. Our
Wholesale Banking segment offers a wide range of products and services to the largest economic groups of Brazil.

Our activities in this
business range from typical operations of a commercial bank to capital markets operations and advisory services for mergers and acquisitions. These activities are fully integrated, which enables us to achieve a performance tailored to our
clients’ needs.

One of the most important features of our strategy for our Wholesale Banking segment is the set of initiatives
linked to improving efficiency in our operations. These ongoing actions, which are expected to continue to grow in the coming years, are designed to increase revenues, improve processes and reduce costs.

Investment Banking

39

Table of Contents

Our investment banking business carried out through Itaú BBA, assists companies raising
capital through fixed income and equity instruments in public and private capital markets, and provides advisory services in mergers and acquisitions. We advise companies, private equity funds and investors in the structuring of variable income
products and in mergers and acquisitions. We believe we offer a wide portfolio of investment banking services ranging from research to Brazilian and other Latin American companies.

Our fixed income department acts as bookrunner or manager in the issuance of debentures, promissory notes and securitization transactions at
the investment banking segment.

The table below shows our market position and information about competitors for the business listed
below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Investment Banking   At December 2020, Itaú BBA ranked first in mergers and acquisitions and equities markets deals (1) . Itaú BBA also ranked first in origination and in distribution in debt capital markets transactions (2) .   In investment banking, Itaú BBA’s main competitors include Santander , Credit Suisse (Brazil) S.A.,
Merrill Lynch S.A. (Brazil), Morgan Stanley S.A. (Brazil), JP Morgan S.A. (Brazil), Bradesco BBI and BTG Pactual S.A.

Source: (1) Dealogic. (2) ANBIMA ranking in terms of volume.

Asset Management

With more than 60 years
of experience in investment management, as of December 31, 2020, Itaú Asset Management has R$ 752.7 billion in assets under management (including Itaú Unibanco and Intrag) according to ANBIMA (Ranking de Gestão –
December 2020) and recorded a 170 basis points decrease of assets under management in 2020 as compared to 2019. Itaú Asset Management ranked as the largest
non-government
 owned asset manager in Brazil,
with a 12.5% market share as of December 31, 2020, according to ANBIMA.

Kinea Investimentos LTDA., an alternative investments
management company controlled by us, held R$56.3 billion in managed assets as of December 31, 2020, compared to R$68.5 billion as of December 31, 2019, according to ANBIMA.

The reduction in assets under management in 2020 was intensified due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic which
led to an asset migration out of funds and into the Bank Deposit Certificates portfolio.

The table below shows our market position and
information about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Asset Management   In December 2020, we had a market share of 12.5% in terms of assets under management, positioning us as the second asset
manager in Brazil.   According to ANBIMA,
the asset management industry in Brazil held assets totaling R$6,030 billion as of December 2020 and with 688 Financial Institutions and Assets Managers, among them, XP Investimentos. The competition is concentrated among large and well-established retail banks. Our main competitors are Banco do Brasil, Banco Bradesco and Caixa
Econômica Federal

Source: ANBIMA.

40

Table of Contents

Investment Services

Itaú Investment Services business units provide

(i)   local custody and fiduciary services,

(ii)   international custody services, and

(iii)   corporate solutions that act as transfer agent and stockholder servicer for Brazilian companies issuing equity,
corporate bonds, promissory and bank credit notes. We also work as guarantor in transactions for project finance, escrow accounts and loan and financing contracts.

We provide the technological tools to perform daily activities of each service and rely on compliance and contingency procedures. Thus, our
clients can direct the focus on their business management.

Pension funds, insurance companies, asset managers, international global
custodians and equity and debt issuers are our primary clients in these businesses, representing approximately 1,000 groups of clients, that reached R$3.9 trillion of assets under service as of December 31, 2020, which includes investment
funds, underwriting, pension funds, trustee and brokerage services.

In 2020, Global Finance named Itaú Investment Services as the
best
sub-custodian
 in Brazil, Uruguay and Paraguay. We are currently updating our technological platform regarding securities services and investing in new solutions for our clients, such as iServices, that
includes custody, brokerage and clearing all integrated as a service.

The table below shows our market position and information about
competitors for the businesses listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Local Custody   In December 2020, we had a market share of 23.0% based on total assets under local custody, positioning us as the second
position Local Custodian.   According to ANBIMA,
the local custody in Brazil held assets totaling R$6,276 billion as of December 2020. Our main competitors are Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco do Brasil S.A.
International Custody   Our market share in December 2020 was 7.0% in terms of total assets under international custody, positioning us as the fourth
largest International Custodian.   Based on ANBIMA, the
international custody service in Brazil totaled R$2,122 billion of assets as of December 2020. Our main competitors are Banco Citibank S.A., JP Morgan’s Securities Services and Banco Bradesco S.A.
Corporate Solutions   In December 2020, we had a leading
position as agent and register provider to 204 companies listed on B3, which represents 59.1% of companies listed on that exchange. Moreover, we were the second largest transfer agent with 338 debentures offerings in the Brazilian market, representing 27.5% of the debentures market in
Brazil.   Our main competitors
in the equities market are Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco do Brasil S.A. Our main
competitor in debentures is Banco Bradesco S.A.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding, ANBIMA and B3.

41

Table of Contents

Itaú Private Bank

With a full global wealth management platform, we are one of the private bank market leaders in Brazil and one of the main private bank players
in Latin America. Our multidisciplinary team, which is supported by a team of investment advisers and product experts, provides comprehensive financial services to clients, understanding and addressing their needs from our eight offices in Brazil
and in our offices located in Zurich, Miami, New York, Santiago and Nassau.

Our clients have access to a complete portfolio of products
and services, ranging from investment management to wealth planning, as well as credit and banking solutions. In addition to our
in-house
 customized products and services, we offer our clients access to an
open architecture of alternative products from third-party providers.

Aligned with our vision to be the leading bank in sustainable
performance and customer satisfaction, we decided to focus our strategic priorities on the following Itaú Private Bank initiatives:

•   Being the leading private bank in terms of client satisfaction;

•   Adding value to clients and stockholders with a complete offering of long-term proactive advisory services;

•   Continuing to invest in our international platforms to enhance Brazilian clients’ experience;

•   Improving our operational efficiency through continuous investments in technology; and

•   Maintaining a focus on risk management and regulatory considerations.

The table below shows our market position for the business:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Itaú Private Bank   In December 2020, we had a market share of 27.3% in terms of Itaú Private Bank. Reduction of 340 basis points compared to
December 2019, mostly explained by the entrance of new players in the monitoring of ANBIMA and the impact of the market volatility caused by COVID-19 pandemic.   Banco do Brasil S.A., Bradesco S.A., BTG Pactual S.A., Credit Suisse (Brasil) S.A. and Santander
S.A..

Source: ANBIMA.

Itaú
Corretora (Brokerage)

Itaú Corretora has been providing brokerage services since 1965. We provide retail brokerage services in
Brazil to over 302 thousand clients with positions in the equity and fixed income markets, accounting for approximately R$133.5 billion in trading volume in 2020. The brokerage services are also provided to international clients through
our broker-dealer in New York.

The following table shows our market position and information about competitors for the businesses listed
below:

42

Table of Contents

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Retail Brokerage Services (1)   Ranked third in Retail Brokerage Services by equity trading volume in the year ended December 31, 2020 (2) .   Main competitors: XP Investimentos, Ágora Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.,
Rico Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., Easynvest Título Corretora de Valores S.A., BTG Pactual Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., Bradesco S.A. Corretora de Títulos e Valores
Mobiliários, Santander Corretora de Câmbio e Valores Mobiliários S.A. and Safra Corretora de Titulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.
(1) Source: CBLCnet (2) Includes clients from Itaú Private Bank segment.

International Operations

We want to achieve, in the countries where we operate, the same management quality and level of results we have in Brazil. Through our
internationalization strategy, we seek to understand different markets, business, products and services, identifying opportunities to integrate our units and to expand our operations to new countries.

The table below shows some of our operations in Latin America, excluding Brazil:

Countries   Branches & CSBs   ATMs   Employees
Argentina   84   175   1,584
Chile   183   408   5,340
Colombia (1)   111   125   3,098
Paraguai   40   301   975
Uruguai (2)   24   62   1,065

(1)   Includes employees in Panamá.

(2)   Does not include the 33 OCA points of service.

Overview

Latin America is a priority in
our international expansion due to the geographic and cultural proximity to Brazil. Our goal is to be recognized as the “Latin American Bank”, becoming a reference in the region for all financial services provided to individuals and
companies.

Over the past years, we consolidated our presence in Argentina, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay. In these countries, we operate in
the retail, companies, corporate and treasury segments, with commercial banking as our main focus. With the recent merger between Banco Itaú Chile and CorpBanca, which assured our presence in Colombia and Panama, we expanded our operations in
the region even further. In Mexico, we are present through an office dedicated to equity research activities.

As of December 31,
2020, we had a network of 444 branches, including 8 digital branches, and client service branches in Latin America (excluding Brazil). In Paraguay, we had 60
non-bank
 correspondent locations, which are points
of service with a simplified structure, strategically located in supermarkets to provide services to our clients in that country. As of December 31, 2020, we also had 33 points of service through OCA S.A., our credit card operator in Uruguay.
Please see “Distribution Channels”, for further details about our distribution network in Latin America.

Banco Itaú Argentina

We have operated in Argentina since 1979, where we began with a focus on large companies with business ties to Brazil. In 1995, we
began our retail operations in Buenos Aires. In 1998, we increased our presence through the acquisition of Buen Ayre Bank, subsequently renamed Banco Itaú Argentina.

43

Table of Contents

Through Banco Itaú Argentina we offer products and services in corporate banking, small
and middle-market companies and retail banking. Our corporate banking business focuses on large and institutional clients, providing lending, structured finance, investment and cash management services. Our small and middle-market operations provide
credit for working capital and investments in production capacity increases. Our retail banking business focuses on middle and upper-income clients, and our services offerings include current and savings accounts, personal loans and credit cards. In
2019 Banco Itaú Argentina opened two digital branches enhancing its presence in Argentina’s financial market.

The table below
shows our market position and information about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Total Loan Portfolio (includes privately-owned banks only)   In November 2020, we had a market share of 2.8% in terms of total outstanding loan balance in Argentine pesos , positioning
us as the tenth largest private bank in Argentina.   Our main competitors are Banco Santander Río, Banco de Galicia y Buenos Aires, BBVA Banco Argentina and
Banco Macro.

Source: Central Bank of Argentina.

Itaú Corpbanca

In April 2016, we
closed the merger of Banco Itaú Chile with and into CorpBanca and, as a result, acquired control of the resulting entity – Itaú Corpbanca. On the same date, we entered into the Shareholders’ Agreement of Itaú
Corpbanca, or Itaú Corpbanca’s Shareholders’ Agreement, which entitles us to appoint, together with the Corp Group, the former controlling shareholder of Corpbanca, the majority of the members of Itaú Corpbanca’s Board
of Directors. In the following years, we increased our equity stakes to 39.22%, pursuant to the exercise of put options by Corp Group, as set out in Itaú Corpbanca´s Shareholder´s Agreement.

Itaú Corpbanca provides a broad range of wholesale and retail banking services to customers in Chile and Colombia. In addition, it
provides financial advisory services, mutual fund management, insurance brokerage and securities brokerage services through subsidiaries, and banking services. It operates in two main geographic areas: Chile and Colombia. The Chile segment also
includes operations carried out by Itaú Corpbanca New York Branch and the Colombia segment also includes the operations carried out by Itaú S.A. (Panama).

Business activities in Chile have been strategically aligned onto three areas directly related not only to our medium-term strategy but to
customers’ needs: 1) Wholesale Banking (a. Corporate, b. Large Companies and c. Real Estate and Construction); 2) Retail Banking (a. Itaú Personal Bank, b. Itaú, c. Itaú Private Bank, d. Midsize Companies, e. SMEs and f.
Banco Condell, a Consumer Finance Division); and 3) Treasury. Itaú Corpbanca Colombia provides a broad range of commercial and retail banking services to its customers in Colombia, operating principally in the cities of Bogotá,
Medellín, Cali, Bucaramanga, Cartagena and Barranquilla.

The table below shows our market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Total Loan Portfolio (includes privately-owned banks only)   In December 2020, our market share was 11.2% based on total outstanding loan balance in Chilean pesos, positioning us as the fifth largest private bank in Chile.   Our main competitors are Banco Santander-Chile, Banco de Chile, Scotiabank Chile and Banco de Crédito e
Inversiones.

Source: Chilean Commission for the Financial Market (CMF).

Banco Itaú Paraguay

Our
operations in Paraguay began in 1978 and comprise retail and wholesale banking, through Interbanco, which was acquired in 1995 by Unibanco. In 2010, the Itaú brand was introduced and our bank’s name was changed to Banco Itaú

44

Table of Contents

Paraguay. Banco Itaú Paraguay distributes products and services to small and middle market companies, agribusiness, large companies, institutional clients and consumer clients. The retail
segment also focuses on payroll clients. Under corporate banking, Banco Itaú Paraguay has a well-established presence in the agribusiness sector. Banco Itaú Paraguay’s qualification is based on its strong positioning, with
leadership in several segments, reflecting high returns.

In 2019 Banco Itaú Paraguay opened its first digital branch enhancing its
presence in Paraguay’s financial market.

The table below shows our market position and information about our competitors for the
Banco Itaú Paraguay business:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Total Loan Portfolio (includes privately-owned banks only)   In December 2020, we had a market share of 13.5% in terms of total outstanding loan balance in guaranis, positioning us as the third largest private bank in Paraguay.   Our main competitors are Banco Continental, Banco Regional, Sudameris and BBVA Paraguay.

Source: Central Bank of Paraguay.

Banco Itaú Uruguay

Our banking
operations in Uruguay include Banco Itaú Uruguay, OCA (the largest credit card issuer in Uruguay, in accordance with data from Uruguay’s central bank) and the pension fund management company Unión Capital. Our strategy in Uruguay
is to serve a broad range of clients through customized banking solutions.

Our retail banking business is focused on individuals and
small business clients. Retail products and services focus on the middle and upper-income segments, and also include current and savings accounts, payroll payment, self-service areas and ATMs in all branches, and phone and internet banking. The
wholesale banking division is focused on multinational companies, financial institutions, large and middle market companies and the public sector, providing lending, cash management, treasury, trade and investment services.

In 2019 Banco Itaú Uruguay opened its first digital branch enhancing its presence in Uruguay’s financial market.

The table below shows our market position and information about our competitors for the Banco Itaú Uruguay business:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Total Loan Portfolio (includes privately-owned banks only)   In December 2020, we had a market share of 23.3% based on total outstanding loan balance in Uruguayan pesos, positioning us as the second largest private bank in Uruguay.   Our main competitors are Banco Santander Uruguay, BBVA Uruguay and Scotiabank Uruguay.

Source: Central Bank of Uruguay.

Itau BBA International

Our banking
activities carried out under the corporate structure of Itau BBA International are mainly focused on two business lines:

45

Table of Contents

•   Corporate and Investment Banking: through Itau BBA International, headquartered in the United Kingdom, and its
subsidiary Itaú Europe, headquartered in Portugal, with business platforms in Madrid and Paris, this segment supports the financial needs of companies with international presence and operations, focusing on transactions related to financing
and investment relationships between companies in Latin America and the Northern Hemisphere. The services offered include the origination of structured financing, hedging, trade financing and advisory to Latin American and U.S. companies undertaking
business in the Northern Hemisphere and large economic groups investing into Latin America.

•   Private Banking: under the corporate structure of Itau BBA International, we manage private banking activities in
Miami and Zurich, offering specialized financial and asset management services for Latin American clients with high net worth by providing a diversified and specialized basis of investment funds, trading and managing on their account securities and
other financial instruments, as well as by managing trusts and investment companies on behalf of customers.

Other International
Operations

Our other international operations have the following objectives:

•   Support our clients in cross-border financial transactions and services, our international units are active in
providing our clients with a variety of financial products, such as trade financing, loans from multilateral credit agencies, off-shore loans, international cash management services, foreign exchange, letters
of credit, guarantees required in international bidding processes, derivatives for hedging or proprietary trading purposes, structured transactions and international capital markets offerings. Our international units offer a variety of financial
products through their branches.

•   Manage proprietary portfolios and raise funds through the issuance of securities in the international market.
Fundraising through the issuance of securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper and trade notes can be conducted by our branches located in the Cayman Islands, the Bahamas and New York, as well as through Itaú Bank Ltd., a banking
subsidiary incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our proprietary portfolios are mainly held by Itaú Bank and our Nassau and Cayman Islands branches. These offices also enhance our ability to manage our international liquidity.

Through our international operations, we establish and monitor trade-related lines of credit from foreign banks,
maintain correspondent banking relationships with money centers and regional banks throughout the world and oversee our other foreign currency-raising activities.

Revenues from Operations in Brazil and Abroad

We conduct most of our business activities in Brazil, but we do not break down our revenues by geographic markets within Brazil. Our interest
income from loans and leases, banking service fees and income from insurance, private pension plans and premium bonds transactions are divided between revenues earned in Brazil and outside of Brazil. The following information is presented in IFRS,
as issued by the IASB, after eliminations on consolidation.

The following table sets forth the consolidated statement of income with
respect to our revenues from operations in Brazil and abroad for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

46

Table of Contents

Revenues from operations in Brazil and
abroad   For the Year Ended   Variation
2020   2019   2018   2020-2019   2019-2018
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Income related to financial operations (1) (2)   123,611   145,308   131,317   (21,697   )   (14.9   )%   13,991   10.7%
Brazil   102,016   117,541   108,362   (15,525   )   (13.2   )%   9,179   8.5%
Abroad   21,595   27,767   22,955   (6,172   )   (22.2   )%   4,812   21.0%
Revenues from banking services   38,557   39,032   36,809   (475   )   (1.2   )%   2,223   6.0%
Brazil   34,533   35,283   33,211   (750   )   (2.1   )%   2,072   6.2%
Abroad   4,024   3,749   3,598   275   7.3   %   151   4.2%
Income from insurance and private pension operations before claim and selling
expenses   4,488   4,553   3,961   (65   )   (1.4   )%   592   14.9%
Brazil   4,488   4,423   3,812   65   1.5   %   611   16.0%
Abroad   —   130   149   (130   )   (100.0   )%   (19   )   (12.8)%

(1)   Includes interest and similar income, dividend income, net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives,
foreign exchange results, and exchange variation on transactions abroad.

(2)   ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not have clients representing 10% or greater of its revenues.

Competition

The last several years have been characterized by increased competition and consolidation in the financial services industry in Brazil.
According to the Central Bank, as of December 31, 2020, there were 139 conglomerates, commercial banks and multiple-service banks, development banks and Caixa Econômica Federal, among a total of 1,291 institutions in Brazil.

We, together with Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco Santander Brasil S.A., are the leaders in the privately-owned multiple-services banking
sector. As of December 31, 2020, these three banks accounted for 39.0% of the Brazilian banking sector’s total assets, according to the Central Bank. We also face competition from state-owned banks. According to the Central Bank, as of December
31, 2020, Banco do Brasil S.A., Caixa Econômica Federal, and Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social (BNDES) accounted for 35.8% of the banking system’s total assets.

The following table sets for the total assets of the 10 main banks in Brazil, classified according to their interest in the total assets of
the Brazilian banking sector

(In billions of R$)
Position   Banks by total assets (1)   Control Type   As of December 31,
2020   % of Total
1 st   Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.   privately-owned   1,941.9   17.5
2 nd   Banco do Brasil S.A. (2)   state-owned   1,713.3   15.5
3 rd   Caixa Econômica Federal   state-owned   1,448.9   13.1
4 th   Banco Bradesco S.A.   privately-owned   1,371.0   12.4
5 th   Banco Santander Brasil S.A.   privately-owned   1,004.0   9.1
6 th   Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social   state-owned   798.4   7.2
7 th   Banco BTG Pactual S.A.   privately-owned   266.3   2.4
8 th   Banco Safra S.A.   privately-owned   218.4   2.0
9 th   J.P. Morgan S.A   privately-owned   104.1   0.9
10 th   Banco Citibank S.A.   privately-owned   91.8   0.8
n.a.   Others   n.a.   2,114.5   19.1
Total (3)   11,072.7   100.0

(1)   Based on banking services, except insurance and pension funds.

(2)   Includes the consolidation of 50.0% do Banco Votorantim S.A. based on Banco do Brasil’s shareholding stake
and excludes these 50.0% of National Financial System.

(3)   Excludes Payments Institutions

Source: Central Bank (IF.data).

Along with our
traditional competitors, there are also new technology-driven financial institutions such as fintechs, Asset Management firms and Acquiring Services which are disrupting the Brazilian financial industry. In general, these competitors act in specific
business lines such as Credit Cards (e.g. Nubank), Investment Services (e.g. XP Investimentos), Acquiring Services (e.g. StoneCo, PagSeguro), Banking Services (e.g. Banco Inter, BTG Digital) and others. Although many of our non-traditional
competitors are still in early stages of development, they start to gradually increase the number of products and services offered. As

47

Table of Contents

technology advances and clients’ preferences and expectations change, boosted by innovations introduced by the new competition, traditional competitors are also changing and redesigning
their products, distribution and communication channels.

Distribution Channels

As a universal bank, we provide a wide range of financial services and products to our clients, from commercial banking to asset management and
investment banking. Those products are distributed through two main channels: traditional and digital.

The traditional channels are
composed of brick & mortar branches – which could be either full-service branches or
in-house
 corporate service centers – and ATMs. The digital channels are operated remotely, via the
internet or mobile phones.

Our network of 3,232 branches, which includes physical and digital branches, as of December 31, 2020,
distributes all of products and services in Brazil.

ATMs, both our own proprietary network of machines and additional 23,798 via
partnership with Tecban, (as of December 31, 2020) are a very convenient and efficient way of serving clients, due to its low operating costs, 24/7 availability and very complete services offering.

Clients who prefer to use digital channels, such as internet and mobile banking, are served remotely by our relationship managers based on one
of our 196 digital branches in Brazil.

Standard channels   Branches   CSBs   ATMs
2020   2019   2018   2020   2019   2018   2020   2019   2018
Brazil   3,232   3,348   3,717   656   671   703   20,687   21,384   24,252
Abroad   413   448   483   36   37   37   1,071   1,107   1,175
Argentina   71   74   72   13   13   13   175   176   176
Chile and Uruguay   208   219   224   1   1   2   470   486   525
Colombia   101   117   148   10   11   13   125   147   174
Paraguay   28   32   31   12   12   9   301   298   300
Other   5   6   8   —   —   —   —   —   —
Total in Brazil and abroad   3,645   3,796   4,200   692   708   740   21,758   22,491   25,427

Digital Channels (internet and mobile banking)

In 2020, due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic, the world faced one of the greatest economic and social
challenges, where technology and digitalization became even more necessary. Many habits and customs were adjusted to the “new normal” and digital channels have become a very safe way to continue interacting with other people and companies
without leaving home.

We invested a substantial amount of effort to give our customers the best possible experience through digital
channels. Improvements in the regulatory and competitive scenario reinforced that commitments we made to our customers and other stakeholders a couple of years ago were of utter importance and resulted in important achievements. Our year over year
growth in 2020 in monthly active users was 13% and there was a 108% growth in accounts opened digitally for individuals, which represented almost 50% of the total accounts opened in 2020. We also had two records: the download of Itaú App was
1.3x higher than the daily average of 2020 and the download of Itaú Empresas App was 5x higher than the daily average of the same period.

Due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic, we encouraged our customers to use our digital channels, such as our
apps and online banking website, and our digital products. Our website was reconfigured to give prominence to Digital Channels, including a step by step for those who have never used the Itaú App and how to use the main financial services
tutorials (view transactions, transfer money and pay bills, credit card payment, virtual cards, unlocking credit and debit card passwords,

48

Table of Contents

tracking card orders). We also communicated the services that can be done online on our social networks and sent
e-mails
 and SMS to our customers.

We created the “Services HUB”, a feature in Itaú Apps, with a simple and pragmatic interface, which includes many forms where
customers can make requests for operational services. Requests are automatically sent to back office teams, thus reducing the demand for branches and call centers, balancing the experience and practical benefits with efficiency and process
optimization. We have more than 16 new forms available and have already processed more than 853 thousand transactions. Besides, we improved the interaction of customers with managers and specialists to purchase products and receiving
recommendations, assuring contextualized and quality service. In addition, we are enhancing the connection between online and offline (o2o) channels to optimize the bank’s results.

At WhatsApp Itaú, our focus was to expand the number of services and customers served by the channel. We launched the contact number to
serve business customers and the exclusive contact number to deal with renegotiation for retail customers, which now serves active and inactive bank accounts, from simulation to contracting. In addition, we provide a feature that allows
non-digitized
 customers to interact with WhatsApp Itaú, becoming a highly relevant digitization tool. These solutions illustrate our commitment to an omnichannel experience, to always be the bank our clients
want to partner with.

Also, in 2020, to help businesses during the
COVID-19
 crisis, we offered
three types of loans in partnership with the government, with special conditions, all available through our digital channels. The first one was exclusive for the payment of salaries and financed 136 thousand payrolls, benefiting almost
50 thousand companies and over 1 million employees and R$2.9 billion in financings. We also offered a loan to support micro and small businesses, which resulted in more than 16 thousand contracts in the first 24 hours and an
aggregate amount of R$4 billion borrowed. And the final loan, was a loan for small, medium and large businesses, which resulted in an aggregate amount of R$15 billion borrowed. The NPS in this segment increased by 5 points in 2020, which
indicates that we were able to attend the needs of our customers with great quality.

Another important service that we launched was Pix,
an online payment and transfer system from the Central Bank. We built Pix considering simple and intuitive interfaces that can offer the best solution to our customers. This product was built by a 300 people multidisciplinary team, working remotely.
Within less than two months, the transfers and payments made by Pix represented, organically, 26% of all the bank transfers in our main individual app, showing its disruptive potential and also an excellent basis to build new products and services
for our customers.

Our communications channel became more efficient every year, and as we are closer to our customers, we can understand
the best direction to follow, not only in terms of service evolution, but also in more efficient ways to help people manage their financial life. Another important point is that everything that is developed in digital channels, is not only built
for, but with our customers, taking into consideration their daily routine, pain points and needs. This is a great differential – we have the knowledge and the tools to make our journeys simpler and more intuitive, considering each customer
profile. We are also adapting our portfolio and products to serve a larger amount of customers. To mention some of these products, we have investment recommendations according to the clients’ objectives, online check deposit, buying foreign
currency in the mobile app, iPhone pra Sempre (an online iPhone update program with credit card) and online renegotiation.

We are
constantly recognized for being close to the customer and always delivering
best-in-class
 innovation. As an example, we earned the Folha Top of Mind 2019 as the Best
Banking Mobile App category, and in 2020 we earned a national award called Digital Transformation Bank Report, in the categories Credit innovation and Customer/User Experience. In addition, we won the Finances category in Datafolha research about
companies and services which had a positive impact during the pandemic.

Our Brand and Marketing Channels

We strive to provide complete solutions in terms of products and services, through financial intelligence and an ecosystem of partnerships.
This echoes in our continuous effort to fully attend the needs of each customer, from individuals and micro companies to large organizations, and provide the best experience both digitally and physically, which is reflected in our brand positioning.

Our brand is committed to encouraging people to have an easier and closer relationship with their finances in their daily lives. We are
active in social media with constant publications about the economic environment and tutorials. In

49

Table of Contents

December 2020, we reached over one billion views on our YouTube channel and over nine million followers on Facebook. In the same period, our Twitter and Instagram profiles had over
641 thousand and 521 thousand followers, respectively.

We continue to monitor all of our social media profiles 24 hours a day,
seven days a week. We have 150 dedicated employees to interact with the public on all matters related to Itaú Unibanco Group in Brazil, including questions, suggestions, comments, and complaints. We received more than 2.9 million
mentions on social media in 2020, according to Oliver, consulting agency that assist us in the analysis of social media data.

Social
media is a pillar in engaging people in our role beyond banking. Itaú Unibanco invests in several projects, with a focus in education, culture, mobility, and sport. Our urban mobility platform has more than 1,400 bike stations and is present
in seven cities in Brazil as well as in Santiago (Chile) and Buenos Aires (Argentina). According to the operator TemBici, in 2020 an average of more than 1 million trips were made each month using bikes from our urban mobility platform. This is
due to the amount of bikes we offer people: there are over 7,000 laranjinhas (orange bikes) across Brazil.

In education, our programs are
equally powerful: since the “Leia para uma criança” (Read to a child) program was created, more than 61 million printed books were distributed to people and 38 thousand braille books were offered to visually impaired
children. Three million books have already been sent to public libraries, civil society organizations, and schools. This shows our commitment to mobilize clients and
non-clients
 to make a difference in our
country.

As a result, in 2020 we were ranked for the 17th consecutive year at the top of the Interbrand ranking of most valuable
Brazilian brands with an estimated value of R$37,383 million. The analysis is based on our brand’s ability to generate financial results, influence the clients’ selection process, and ensure long-term demand.

Our Vision, Our Culture

Our
culture supports us in attracting and retaining talent, directing our business path and, promoting a competitive advantage.

It is
translated into the seven attitudes listed below, which we call “Our Way”, that keep us
up-to-date
 with the context, demands and transformations of our
business and organizational culture. Our Way directs how we intend to achieve our vision to be a leader in sustainable performance and in client satisfaction.

Our way:

1.   It’s only good for us if it’s good for the client;

2.   We are passionate about performance;

3.   People mean everything to us;

4.   The best argument is the only one that matters;

5.   Simple. Always;

6.   We think and act like owners; and

7.   Ethics is not negotiable.

Ownership Structure

The following chart shows a
simplified overview of our share ownership and our direct and indirect subsidiaries as of March 31, 2021:

50

Table of Contents

Sustainability

Sustainability is embedded in our corporate strategy through a consolidated governance structure and it is integrated into our business, which
allows us to incorporate environmental and social issues into daily activities and processes across the entire Itaú Unibanco Group. Long-term strategic decisions on sustainability are discussed on an annual basis by our Board of Directors and
twice a year at the meetings of our Executive Committee.

In 2019, we disclosed our new sustainability strategy, which is targeted at the
positive impact we seek to create through our businesses and in our actions. In 2019 we signed, the Principles for Responsible Banking, by the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI), which encourages the global financial
sector to comply with the Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris Agreement.

Our sustainability strategy includes eight Positive
Impact Commitments, which we announced at an event for investors at the beginning of September 2019, and published on our Sustainability website and in our 2019 Annual Report. With clear goals, KPIs and sponsors in the business and institutional
areas, the commitments we made will make us incorporate best sustainability practices throughout the organization, and they are divided into three pillars:

•   Conduct and behavior, to foster the creation of a fair and ethical financial ecosystem; improve the
employees’ experience and promote a diverse, inclusive and healthy workplace with a purpose; increase the environmental performance of our operations and promote sustainable practices in our supply chain.

•   Positive impact, to increase the financial inclusion of micro, small and medium entrepreneurs; increase
the access to financial services and offer tools and content that support healthier financial decisions; foster the increase of financing for positive impact sectors and increase the inclusion of environmental, social and governance issues in
investment decisions, and increase the offer of our products and services.

51

Table of Contents

•   Accountability, to strengthen the transparency of our business in addition to our financial results,
showing value to all of our stakeholders in a fair way and in line with best market practices.

The path of the Positive
Impact Commitments was even more challenging in this year of so many changes. However, this only reiterated the importance of dealing with environmental and social issues in an immediate and meaningful way for everyone, and we try our best to adapt
our projects impacted by the scenario, in order to guarantee the evolution of our goals. In 2020, we also reaffirmed our positive impact agenda by building other initiatives such as a private social investment commitment,
Todos pela
Saúde
 (All for Health) initiative and the Amazon Plan.

In 2020, with the relevance of private social investment in the
scenario in which we live, we dedicated efforts to create a new specific commitment to the theme. The objective was to reaffirm Itaú Unibanco’s pact alongside our institutes and foundations with Brazilian society, strengthening bonds of
trust amid uncertainty. This new commitment establishes guidelines and goals aimed at Private Social Investment with the objective of promoting access and expanding rights, improving the quality of life in cities and strengthening the power of
transformation of people.

The
Todos pela Saúde
 project aims at supporting and strengthening the coronavirus relief efforts
in Brazil by reaching all tiers of society, as well as supporting public health sector initiatives, such as the Brazilian unified health system (SUS), in such a challenging time. Itaú has started this project with the largest philanthropic
donation ever made by a Brazilian company: the bank has donated R$1 billion to make the project come true. Out of this amount, R$790 million has already been allocated to the novel coronavirus relief efforts. In addition to the initial
donation, the initiative has already collected over R$18 million in donations from companies and individuals across Brazil.

The
Amazon Plan has arisen from a joint plan between Itaú, Santander and Bradesco, three large banks with a common clear goal: promoting effective actions to ensure the sustainable development of the Amazon region. In addition to being a vital
region for the health of the world climate, the Amazon Plan was developed in a particularly critical year for this territory. The National Institute for Space Research (INPE) has disclosed that deforestation in the Amazon region was up 34% between
August 2019 and July 2020 from the same period in the prior twelve months. The Amazon Plan includes ten measures designed to meet three action fronts essential for the sustainable development of the region: environmental conservation and bio
economic development, sustainable infrastructure investments, and basic rights guaranteed for the population of the Amazon region. These measures are essential for ensuring preservation and the sustainable development of the economy of the region
and its population.

In 2020, we created a working group with the aim of integrating ESG criteria in our credit portfolio. As we deepen
the work with the group, we felt the need to create a specific governance to conduct discussions about deliveries and the challenges that this agenda imposes on financial institutions in general. With this, an ESG business committee was established,
composed of executives from the Wholesale bank, to monitor the evolution of projects, discuss trends in the local and international market, as well as the progress of the ESG agenda, assess ESG operations and connect strategic matters involving ESG
in large companies. We have also established an ESG working group in the area of Fixed Income that aims to evaluate capital markets operations in addition to providing ESG advisory, specialized advice to clients regarding ESG criteria, when
necessary.

Since 2018, we have been working on a multidisciplinary basis involving the Sustainability, Environmental and Social Risk,
Finance, Asset Management and Investor Relations departments to develop a Climate Finance agenda. We participate in the main national and international forums and initiatives in order to anticipate trends and help us guide the way we do business in
the short and long terms. Together with 36 other banks, we are part of a working group to address the TCFD of the United Nations Environment Programme Finance
(UNEP-FI)
 for the purpose of developing indicators
and tools to improve the assessment and disclosure of risks and opportunities related to climate change. In 2019, we undertook to implement the TCFD recommendations by 2022, with actions determined and periodically monitored to ensure the
achievement of this target. Compliance with TCFD’s recommendations at 79% in December 2020.

In August 2018, Itau and Natura launched
the platform Commitment to Climate Program, whose main objective is to promote the carbon market and invite other organizations to participate in this initiative. Currently, this program has grown, and other companies are participating to offset
their emissions, like B3, Lojas Renner, MRV, Raia Drogasil, Localiza and Mattos Filho, together with Natura and Itaú. Over the years of the Program, it has helped to protect more than 8,500 ha of forests, to generate more than 85,000 MWh of
renewable electric energy and verified more than 1 million of emissions

52

Table of Contents

reductions. In 2020, with the impacts of
COVID-19
 crisis, Itau selected to support only one project, which was a clean energy generation project, to offset
Itau’s emissions during 2019, which was more than 17,000 metric tons of CO2.

On January 8, 2021, we established a framework, or
the Framework, to allow us to contribute to the development of sustainable financing solutions, with the objective of raising funds for new and existing projects with environmental or social benefits. We are committed to increasing (i) the
financing for positive impact sectors; (ii) the inclusion of environmental, social and governance issues in investment decisions; (iii) the financial inclusion of micro, small and medium entrepreneurs; and (iv) the access to financial
services and offer tools and content that support healthier financial decisions. The Eligibility Criteria (as defined in our Framework) have been developed in alignment with the four core components of the GBP, SBP and SBG administered by the
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) – use of proceeds, process for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting. The Framework has also been analyzed and recommended by a second party opinion provider,
Sustainalytics, as part of a regular sustainability bond issue.

On the topic of human rights, in 2019, we launched a revised version of
Itaú’s Human Rights Commitment, which aims to reinforce our commitment of respect for human rights with respect to employees, clients, suppliers, stockholders, partners and society. This commitment guides our actions related to critical
topics, mitigation practices, remediation and monitoring measures and work with vulnerable groups (children, adolescents, indigenous people, women, migrants, black people, people with disabilities, LGBT+ and others). With this in mind, we conducted
action plans to discuss case studies of human rights violations reported by clients through our channels and the training of service teams to address these cases. Further, we started a broad education process including the organization of
“diversity weeks” focused on discussions about race, LGBT+ people, gender and people with disabilities. Additionally, in order to support knowledge about human rights and diversity, we launched a training on this topic for all our
employees and we organized the “Diversity Library”, with a curatorship of content related to Diversity, Inclusion and Human Rights. In order to establish communications that are relevant to topics related to human rights in the
organization, we also organized a mental health and financial education week, with lectures on those topics.

Our sustainable management
contributed to our access to funding through development agencies and to our presence in sustainability indexes. We are the only Latin American bank to participate in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index since its inception in 1999, and we also
participate in the Corporate Sustainability Index (ISE) and the Carbon Efficient Index (ICO2), both of B3.

Dependence on Patents, Licenses,
Contracts and Processes

We own, in Brazil and abroad, a number of patents and patent applications related to methods for security
code checking and for a method, user device and system to submit financial transaction information. We and our affiliates are not dependent on such patents to perform our activities.

Risk Management

Taking on and
managing risks is one of our activities and, to this end, we must have well-established risk management objectives. In this context, risk appetite defines the nature and level of risks that are acceptable to us and the risk culture guides the
attitudes necessary to manage them.

We invest in robust risk management processes that are the basis for our strategic decisions to
ensure the sustainability of the business and to maximize the creation of shareholder value. These processes are aligned with the guidelines of the Board of Directors and the Executives who, through collegiate, define the global objectives,
expressed in goals and limits for the risk management business units. The control and capital management units, in turn, support our management through risk and capital monitoring and analysis processes.

The principles that provide the foundations of risk management, the risk appetite, and the guidelines for how our employees act in their
day-to-day decision-making are:

•   Sustainability and customer satisfaction: our vision is to be the leading bank in performance and customer
satisfaction. Therefore we are concerned with generating shared value for employees, customers, shareholders and society, and ensuring the perpetuity of our business. We are concerned with doing business that is good for the client and for us.

•   Risk culture: our risk culture goes beyond policies, procedures and processes, strengthening the
individual and collective responsibility of all employees to manage and mitigate risks in a conscious manner, respecting the way business is ethically done.

•   Risk pricing: we act and assume risks in businesses we know and understand, and avoid those we do not know
or for which we have no competitive advantage, carefully evaluating the relation between risk and return.

•   Diversification: we have a low appetite for volatility in results and, for this reason, we operate in a
diversified base of clients, products and businesses, seeking the diversification of risks, in addition to prioritizing lower risk business.

•   Operational excellence: we want to be an agile bank, with a robust and stable infrastructure, in order to
offer a high quality service;

•   Ethics and respect for regulations : for us ethics is non-negotiable. For this reason, we promote an
institutional environment of integrity, educating our employees to cultivate ethical relationships and businesses, as well as respecting the norms, and therefore looking our reputation.

The CMN Resolution 4,557/2017, which provides for the structure of risk and capital management framework
,
 with which we must comply,
highlights the implementation of a continuous and integrated risk management framework, the requirements for defining the Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), and the RAS (Risk Appetite Statement) and the stress test program, the constitution of a Risk
Committee and the appointment, before BACEN, of the Risk Management Officer (CRO), with the attribution of roles responsibilities and independence requirements.

Our risk appetite establishes the types and levels of risk acceptable to us.

53

Table of Contents

Governance and organizational structure

Our risk management organizational structure complies with Brazilian and applicable international regulations currently in place and is aligned
with best market practices. There is a structure in place for coordination and consolidation of information and related processes, which are all subject to verification by independent validation, internal controls and audit areas. The following
committees are part of our risk and capital management governance structure:

54

Table of Contents

Risk
 & Capital Management Committee (CGRC):
 supports our Board of Directors
in performing its duties related to our risk and capital management by meeting, at least, four times annually, and submitting reports and recommendations to assist the Board of Directors in its decision-making with respect to:

◾   Decisions regarding our risk appetite, in terms of capital, liquidity, results, operational risk and
reputation, ensuring these aspects are in alignment with our strategy, and including acceptable capital and liquidity levels and types of risks to which we may be exposed, as well as overall limits for each type of risk, tolerance for volatility of
results and risk concentration, and general guidelines about tolerance for risks that may impact our brand (e.g., brand risk).

◾   Supervision of our risk management and control activities in order to ensure their suitability to the risk
levels assumed and to the complexity of the operations as well as compliance with regulatory requirements;

◾   Review and approval of policies and strategies for capital management, to establish mechanisms and procedures
aimed at keeping capital consistent with the risks we incur;

◾   Establishing our minimum expected return on capital as a whole and for our lines of business, as well as
monitoring performance;

◾   Supervision of our incentive structures, including compensation, aimed at ensuring its alignment with risk
control and value creation goals; and

◾   Fostering improvement in our Risk Culture.

Superior Commission for Market Risk and Liquidity (CSRML):
 meets on a monthly basis and is responsible for setting guidelines and
governance for investments and market and liquidity risks regarding our consolidated positions and business lines.

Superior
Operational Risk Commission (CSRO):
 meets on a bimonthly basis and is responsible for understanding the risks of our processes and business, defining guidelines for operational risks management and assessing the results achieved by our Internal
Controls and Compliance System. The CSRO is our main decision-making committee for all operational risk management matters. It is responsible for defining our operational risk framework and structure and related policies for identification,
measurement, assessment, reporting and monitoring of operational risk.

Superior Products Commission (CSP):
 meets on a weekly basis
and is responsible for evaluating products, operations, services and processes that are beyond the authority of our Products Committees that report to it or that involve image risk to us.

Superior Credit Commission (CSC):
 meets on a weekly basis and is responsible for analyzing and deciding on credit proposals that are
beyond the authority of the credit committees that report to the CSC. It is also responsible for analyzing decisions which may have not been taken due to a lack of consensus at the committee immediately subordinate to it or cases where, due to the
relevance or characteristics of the topic or other features, such Credit Committees decide to submit to the CSC’s review.

55

Table of Contents

Superior Retail Credit and Collection Commission (CSCCV):
 meets on a monthly basis and is
responsible for approving credit policies and assessing the performance of Retail Credit and Collection portfolios and strategies.

Superior Wholesale Credit and Collection Commission (CSCCA):
 meets on a monthly basis and is responsible for approving credit policies
and assessing the performance of Wholesale Credit and Collection portfolios and strategies.

Superior Committee on Prevention of Money
Laundering (CSPLD):
 summoned on demand, the Committee aims to analyze and deliberate on claims involving the opening / maintenance of transfers and other services / operations (M&A, credit granting, KYC exchange validation, among others) to
bidders with greater exposure to money laundering risk.

Superior Commission for Corporate Investment (CSIS)
: meeting on demand,
its purpose is to evaluate temporary corporate investments of interest to the Investment Bank (DGA).

Additionally, we have
sub-committees,
 chaired by our chief risk officer and CFO, which are also responsible for risk and capital management. Any such
sub-committee
 may report directly to the Risk
and Capital Management Committee or to the
sub-committees
 mentioned above.

Standards Committee
(CN):
 meets at least quarterly (may be via Fast Track) and aims to approve / validate standards with the scope of the Standards Committee, being the minimum scope for approval of policies. Higher-level policies must be approved by the Normative
Committee before proceeding to other forums.

Technical Commission for Model Evaluation (CTAM):

CTAM - Market: meets bimonthly or on demand, for approval and assessment of market risk models and pricing, based on the independent opinion of
the model validation area, as well as suggesting and monitoring action plans for the validated models. Its main responsibilities are: to approve models related to the calculation of market risk and pricing, to decide whether or not to use market
risk and pricing models, to approve, recommend, suggest and monitor the proposed action plans for the validated models and monitor the performance of the market risk model over time, determining new developments, if necessary.

CTAM - Credit: recommend or veto the use of credit risk models based on an independent opinion from the model validation area, inform any risk
points and monitor action plans. Its responsibilities are divided into Director Alçada (which meets monthly or on demand) and Superintendent Alçada.

Capital Committee (CCAP):
 meeting at least bimonthly, it aims to monitor the capital adequacy of the Holding and International Units,
the capital projections in normal and adverse scenarios, in addition to reviewing the assessment of the materiality of the risks, the need for additional capital for material risks and the quantification methodologies for calculating capital for
risks whose need has been completed for the purposes of the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process.

International Units Risk
Committee (CRUI):
 held on a quarterly basis, it aims to present and discuss the main risks of International Units and the corresponding strategies and action plans proposed to mitigate the identified risks. It monitors the risk indicators and
risk appetite of International Units, as well as the measures for maintenance at acceptable levels, considering the particularities of each country or region. Deliberates on situations that require mobilization of Units and respective management
areas in Brazil, including monitoring of risk events, notes from regulators, results of internal and external audits, risk maps and regulatory demands. Evaluates the evolution of maturity in the risk management of the Units and in the governance and
supervision exercised by the ARF risk areas, ensuring alignment with our strategy. Promotes the Risk Culture Program in International Units and its dissemination.

To support this structure, we have the Risks & Finance Control and Management Area, structured with specialized departments and
subordinated to our chief risk officer and CFO, intending to independently and in a centralized manner to ensure that the institution’s risks and capital are managed in accordance with established policies and procedures.

Risk governance at foreign subsidiaries

56

Table of Contents

Our foreign subsidiaries follow the risk management and governance model established by the
holding in its policies and guidelines, keeping an effective flow of information on risk levels between headquarters and each subsidiary and alignment of strategies for maintaining such risks at an acceptable level.

To ensure the continuous improvement of the units in risk management and controls, a maturity program was established, comprising the
definition and periodic assessment of best practices of risk management and controlling conducted in each location as also the supervision and governance activities performed by the holding.

The proximity in the monitoring of our units allows us to better understand the peculiarities of each country and region where we do business
with and to quickly adapt to changes in different regulatory, social, and economic environments where we operate, even in stress scenarios as observed with
COVID-19
 pandemic.

In this regard, there was an increase of volume and frequency of information shared between units and holding when related to customers and
employees’ safety and well-being preservation, the availability of banking channels, products and services, the regulatory changes instituted in different countries and their impacts in the units.

Finally, advances in actions to strengthen the Risk Culture on abroad subsidiaries have fostered individual and collective responsibilities of
all our employees, empowering them to do the right thing, at the right time, and in the right way respecting the ethical and sustainable way of doing business.

Supervision and Regulation

We are
subject to regulation by, and supervision of, several entities, in the countries and for the segments in which we operate. The supervisory activities of these entities are essential to the structure of our business, and they directly impact our
growth strategies. Below we describe the main entities that regulate and supervise our activities in Brazil:

CMN   the highest authority of the Brazilian National Financial System (SFN) responsible for the currency and credit
policy in Brazil to guarantee stability and social and economic development. Its major purpose is to disclose the general rules for the operation of the entire financial market.
Central Bank   autonomous authority responsible for regulating and overseeing the entire National Financial System (SFN),
ensuring the stability of the purchasing power of the currency and a solid and efficient financial system and for implementing the policies established by the CMN, authorizing the establishment of financial institutions and supervising
them.
CVM   a government agency linked to the Ministry of the Economy with purpose of regulating, supervising and
developing the securities market.
CNSP   responsible for establishing the guidelines and directives for insurance and premium bond companies and open
private pension entities.
SUSEP   responsible for regulating and supervising the insurance, open private pension funds and capitalization markets
in Brazil and their participants.
ANS   responsible for regulating and supervising the health insurance market in Brazil and its
participants.

Our main operations outside of Brazil are subject to oversight by local regulatory authorities in the
following jurisdictions:

57

Table of Contents

Noteworthy regulatory requirements and restrictions on financial institutions:   •  prohibition against operating in Brazil without prior approval of the Central Bank; •  prohibition against acquiring real estate that is not for the financial institution’s own
use, except those received for settlement of loan losses or as expressly authorized by the Central Bank, pursuant to CMN regulation; •  prohibition against acquiring interests in companies without prior approval of the Central Bank,
except for ownership interest typical of investment portfolios held by investment banks; •  prohibition against granting loans that represent more than 25% of the financial
institution’s regulatory capital to only one person or group; •  restrictions on credit
transactions to certain related individuals and legal entities; •  obligation to deposit a
portion of the deposits received from clients with the Central Bank (compulsory deposit); •  obligation to maintain enough capital reserves to absorb unexpected losses, pursuant to the rules
proposed by the Basel Committee and implemented by the Central Bank; •  obligation to prepare
and submit, by December 31, annual recovery plans that aim to re-establish adequate levels of capital and liquidity and to preserve the viability of the institution under stress scenarios; •  obligation to create, in respect to financial guarantees, specific accounting procedures for the
assessment and registration of passive provisions ( provisão passiva ); •  prohibition against holding, on a consolidated basis, permanent assets, including investments in
unconsolidated subsidiaries, real estate, equipment and intangible assets, exceeding 50.0% of the adjusted regulatory capital; •  prohibition against granting loans or advances, and guarantees, including derivative
transactions, underwriting or holding in their investment portfolio securities of any clients or group of affiliated clients that, in the aggregate, give rise to exposure to such client or group of affiliated clients that exceeds the threshold
determined by the Central Bank.

Supplementary law establishing the independence of the Central Bank approved by the Brazilian Congress

On February 25, 2021, Supplementary Law No. 179 of February 24, 2021 (“Supplementary Law No. 179”) was published,
establishing the purposes of the Central Bank and its autonomy, as well as regulating the appointment and removal of its president and directors.

Among other matters, Supplementary Law No. 179 sets forth that the Central Bank shall obtain the status of “special autarchy”
characterized by the absence of ties to a Ministry, guardianship or hierarchical subordination, with technical, operational, administrative and financial autonomy. Additionally, the law also sets forth that, while the President of Brazil will still
be responsible for appointing the president and the board of directors of the Central Bank (with the Brazilian Senate’s approval of their names), their terms of office will no longer coincide, which will further guarantee the independence of
the Central Bank from political decisions. Supplementary Law No. 179 came into effect on the date of its publication.

Basel III Framework

On December 16, 2010, the Basel Committee issued its Basel III framework, which was revised and republished on June 1, 2011.
The Basel III framework increases minimum capital requirements, creates new conservation and countercyclical buffers, changes risk-based capital measures, and introduces a new leverage limit and new liquidity standards in comparison to the former
framework. The rules were phased in gradually and were fully implemented by January 1, 2019.

The Basel III framework requires banks
to maintain minimum capital levels corresponding to the following percentages of risk-weighted assets: (i) a minimum common equity capital ratio of 4.5% composed of common shares; (ii) a minimum Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6.0%; and
(iii) a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0%. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, Basel III requires a “capital conservation buffer” of 2.5% and each national regulator is given discretion to institute a
“countercyclical buffer” if it perceives a greater system-wide risk to the banking system as the result of a
build-up
 of excess credit growth in its jurisdiction. Further, Basel III introduces a new
leverage ratio, defined as Tier 1 Capital divided by the bank’s total risk weighted exposure.

Basel III implemented a liquidity
coverage ratio, or LCR, which requires affected banks to maintain sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover the net cash outflows that could occur under a potential liquidity disruption scenario over a

thirty-day
 period; and implemented a net stable funding ratio, or NSFR, which establishes a minimum amount of stable sources of funding that banks will be required to maintain based on the liquidity profile of
the banks’ assets, as well as the potential for contingent liquidity needs arising from
off-balance
 sheet commitments over a
one-year
 period.

58

Table of Contents

Additional requirements apply to
non-common
 equity Tier 1
Capital or Tier 2 Capital instruments issued by internationally active banks. To be included in Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, an instrument must contain a provision that requires that, at the discretion of the relevant authority, such
instrument be either
written-off
 or converted into common shares upon a “trigger event”. A “trigger event” is the decision of a competent authority pursuant to which, for a bank to remain a
feasible financial institution, it is necessary (i) to
write-off
 an instrument, or (ii) to inject government funds, or equivalent support, into such bank, whichever occurs first. The requirements are
applicable to all instruments issued after January 1, 2013 and those instruments qualified as capital issued before that date that do not comply with these requirements will be phased out of banks’ capital over a
ten-year
 period, beginning on January 1, 2013.

Additional regulatory capital requirements apply to
systemically important financial institutions, or
G-SIFIs.
 The Basel Committee’s assessment methodology to determine which financial institutions are
G-SIFIs
 is
based on indicators that reflect the following aspects of
G-SIFIs:
 (i) size; (ii) interconnectedness; (iii) lack of readily available substitute or financial institution infrastructure for the
services provided; (iv) global or cross-jurisdictional activity; and (v) complexity. Each of these factors receives an equal weight of 20.0% in the assessment.

The Basel Committee has also issued a framework for the regulation of domestic systemically important banks, or

D-SIBs,
 which supplements the
G-SIFI
 framework by focusing on the impact that the distress or failure of systemically important banks would have on the domestic economy
of each country.

Implementation of Basel III in Brazil

Financial institutions based in Brazil are subject to capital measurement and standards based on a weighted risk-asset ratio, according to CMN
Resolutions No. 4,192/2013 and No. 4,193/2013. Brazilian banks’ minimum total capital ratio is calculated as the sum of two components: Regulatory Capital (
Patrimônio de Referência
); and Additional Core Capital
(
Adicional de Capital Principal
), both aligned to the guidelines of the Basel III framework.

Brazilian banks’ Regulatory
Capital is comprised of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. Tier 1 Capital is further divided into two elements: Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (common equity capital and profit reserves after adjustments, or
Capital Principal
) and Additional
Tier 1 Capital (hybrid debt and equity instruments authorized by the Central Bank, or
Capital Complementar
).

In order to qualify
as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, according to CMN Resolution No. 4,192/13, all instruments issued after October 1, 2013 by a Brazilian bank must contain loss-absorbency provisions, including a requirement that such
instruments be automatically written off or converted into equity upon a “trigger event”. A “trigger event” is the earlier of: (i) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital being less than 5.125% of the risk-weighted assets for
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and 4.5% for Tier 2 Capital instruments; (ii) the execution of a firm irrevocable written agreement for the government to inject capital in the financial institution; (iii) the Central Bank declaring
the beginning of a special administration regime (
Regime de Administra
ç
ã
o Especial Tempor
á
ria
, or RAET) or intervention in the financial institution; or (iv) a decision by the
Central Bank, according to criteria established by the CMN, that the
write-off
 or conversion of the instrument is necessary to maintain the bank as a viable financial institution and to mitigate relevant risks
to the Brazilian financial system. Specific procedures and criteria for the conversion of shares and the
write-off
 of outstanding debt related to funding instruments eligible to qualify as regulatory capital
are established by CMN regulation. The legal framework applicable to financial bills (
letras financeiras
) was adapted to allow Brazilian financial institutions to issue Basel
III-compliant
 debt
instruments in the Brazilian market.

Existing hybrid instruments and subordinated debt previously approved by the Central Bank as
eligible capital instruments may continue to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be, provided that they comply with the above requirements and a new authorization from the Central Bank is obtained. Instruments
that do not comply with these requirements will be phased out as eligible capital instruments by deducting 10.0% of their book value per year from the amount that qualifies as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital. The first deduction occurred
on October 1, 2013, and subsequent deductions will take place annually starting January 1, 2014 until January 1, 2022.

The
Additional Core Capital requirement is subdivided into three elements: the capital conservation buffer (
Adicional de Conservação de Capital Principal
), the countercyclical capital buffer (
Adicional Contracíclico de
Capital Principal
) and the higher loss absorbency requirement for domestic systemically important banks (
Adicional de Capital Principal Sistêmico
). The capital conservation buffer is aimed at increasing the loss absorption ability
of financial institutions.

59

Table of Contents

The countercyclical capital buffer can be imposed within a range by the Central Bank if it judges that credit growth is increasing systematic risk. The higher loss absorbency requirement for
domestic systemically important banks seeks to address the impact that the distress or failure of Brazilian banks may have on the local economy. In the event of
non-compliance
 with the Additional Core Capital
requirement, certain restrictions will apply, including the inability of the financial institution to: (i) pay officers and directors their share of variable compensation; (ii) distribute dividends and interest on equity to stockholders;
and (iii) repurchase its own shares and effect reductions in its share capital. We are considered domestic systemically important financial institution, hence having to fulfill the 1% Additional Core Capital for higher loss absorbency
(
Adicional de Capital Principal Sistêmico).
The Central Bank’s implementation of the capital adequacy requirements under Basel III was
phased-in
 from 2013 to 2019. In 2020, in response to the
economic crisis related to the
COVID-19
 pandemic, the CMN temporarily eased the capital conservation buffer, which will gradually return to the fully implemented level in April 2022.

Moreover, since October 1, 2018, a minimum LCR in a standardized liquidity stress scenario requirement applies to banks with total assets
that are equal or superior to 10% of the Brazilian GDP or to banks with relevant international activity (in such case, regardless of total assets). The calculation of the LCR follows the methodology set forth by the Central Bank which is aligned
with the international guidelines. During periods of increased need for liquidity, banks may report a lower LCR than the minimum required ratio, provided that they also report to the Central Bank the causes for not meeting the minimum requirement,
the contingent sources of liquidity it has available, and the measures it plans to adopt to be in compliance with the LCR requirement. Since April 1, 2016, banks must also publicly disclose their LCR on a quarterly basis.

The following table sets forth the minimum capital ratios and liquidity coverage ratio requirements under Basel III implemented by the Central
Bank, as applicable to Itaú Unibanco Holding on December 31, 2020. The figures presented below refer to the percentage of our risk-weighted assets:

Basel III Requirements

2020
Common Equity Tier I   4,5%
Tier I   6,0%
Total Capital   8,0%
Additional Capital Buffers (ACP)   2,25%
conservation (1)   1,25%
countercyclical (2)   0%
systemic   1,0%
Common Equity Tier I + ACP   6,75%
Total Capital + ACP   10,25%
Prudential adjustments deductions   100%

(1)   For purposes of calculating the Conservation capital buffer, BACEN Resolution 4,783 establishes, for defined
periods, percentages to be applied to the RWA value with a gradual increase until April/22, when it reaches 2.5%.

(2)   The countercyclical capital buffer is fixed by the Financial Stability Committee (Comef) based on discussions
about the pace of credit expansion, and currently is set zero (BECAN Communication No. 36,830/21). Should the requirement increase, the new percentage takes effect twelve months after the announcement.

Limit to be observed

2020 (1)
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)   100%

(1)   Mininum requirement valid from 1 January, 2019 onwards.

Since October 1, 2015, banks are required to prepare public disclosures of their leverage ratios (
Razão de Alavancagem
, or
RA) on a quarterly basis. In November 2017, the CMN established the minimum limit for the Net Stable Funding Ratio (
Índice de Liquidez de Longo Prazo
, or NSFR) and the Leverage Ratio (
Razão de Alavancagem
, or RA) to be
observed by certain Brazilian Financial institutions, including those classified as Segment 1 pursuant to CMN regulation (such as us — please refer to item “Segmentation for the proportional application of the prudential regulation”
for more information), and the terms for compliance with such requirements.

60

Table of Contents

The NSFR corresponds to the ratio between the Available Stable Funds (
Recursos
Est
á
veis Dispon
í
veis
, or ASF) and the Required Stable Funds (
Recursos Est
á
veis Requeridos
, or RSF) of the financial institution. This new rule for NSFR, which came into effect
on October 1, 2018, determines that the minimum limit for the NSFR for Segment 1 financial institutions is 100%. The RA, which calculation methodology was established by the Central Bank in 2015, consists of the ratio between the sum of the
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and the Additional Tier 1 Capital and the total exposure of the financial institution ascertained as established by the applicable regulation. The RA rule enacted in November 2017 came into effect on January 1, 2018
and determined the threshold of 3% as the minimum requirement for the RA for Segment 1 financial institutions (which is our case).

CMN
regulation also defines the entities that compose the consolidated enterprise level (
conglomerado prudencial
) of Brazilian financial institutions and establishes the requirement that a financial institution prepare and file with the Central
Bank monthly consolidated financial statements at the consolidated enterprise level (
conglomerado prudencial
) pursuant to the parameters defined therein. Such financial statements should also be audited by external auditors on a semi-annual
basis. Since January 1, 2015, minimum capital and ratio requirements apply at the consolidated enterprise level (
conglomerado prudencial
).

Brazilian financial institutions are also required to implement a capital management structure compatible with the nature of their
transactions, the complexity of the products and services it offers, as well as with the extent of its exposure to risks. In February 2017, the CMN enacted a rule that unified and expanded Brazilian regulation on risk and capital management. Such
regulation provides that risk management must be conducted through an integrated effort by the relevant entity and sets out different structures for risk and capital management, which are applicable for different risk profiles.

According to such regulation, capital management is defined as a process that includes: (i) monitoring and controlling the financial
institution’s capital; (ii) assessing capital needs in light of the risks to which the financial institution is subject; and (iii) setting goals and conducting capital planning in order to meet capital needs due to changes in market
conditions. Financial institutions should publish a report describing the structure of their capital management at least on an annual basis. Disclosure and reporting of risk management matters, risk-weighted asset calculation, and adequate
compliance with regulatory capital requirements are regulated by the Central Bank and reflect the
so-called
 “Pillar 3” of regulatory capital recommended under Basel III, aimed at improving governance
and disclosure.

Pillar 3 Report

Since January 1, 2020, the Central Bank requires certain financial institutions to furnish a Pillar 3 Report. We are required to publish
this report on a consolidated basis covering the following topics:

•  prudential indicators and
risk management;   •  comparison between accounting and prudential information;
•  capital
composition;   •  macroprudential indicators;
•  leverage ratio
(RA);   •  liquidity indicators;
•  credit risk;   •  counterparty credit risk (CCR);
•  securitization
exposures;   •  market risk;
•  risk of interest rate
fluctuation in instruments classified in the banking book (IRRBB); and   •  remuneration of administrators.

The Pillar 3 Report must be furnished on a quarterly, biannual or annual basis, according to the type of
information being disclosed.

In addition to the rules issued in accordance with the criteria set forth in Basel III, in July, 2013, Law
No. 12,838 was enacted, allowing the determination of deemed credit based on deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences resulting from allowances for loan losses, which, in practice, exempts financial institutions from deducting
this type of credit from its core capital. The law also changes the rules for the issue of subordinated debt, requiring the inclusion of clauses for

61

Table of Contents

the suspension of the stipulated compensation and the extinction of the credit right or its conversion into shares, and conditions stockholders’ remuneration to compliance with the
prudential requirements established by the CMN.

Global Systemically Important Financial Institutions
(G-SIFI)

Assessment in Brazil

The Central Bank has adopted the same indicators set out by the Basel Committee to determine if Brazilian
financial institutions qualify as
G-SIFIs.
 Please see “Basel III Framework,” for further details. This assessment is required of banks with total exposure – the denominator for the leverage
ratio – in excess of EUR 200 billion, individually. However, no additional loss absorbency requirements for Brazilian
G-SIFIs
 have been established. We were not included on the latest list of
G-SIFIs
 issued on November 11, 2020, by the Financial Stability Board. The next update is expected in November 2021.

Recovery Plans for Systematically Important Financial Institutions

On June 30, 2016, the CMN issued a rule providing stricter guidelines for recovery plans (
Planos de Recuperação
) for
Brazil’s systemically important financial institutions. The rule which incorporated recommendations from the Financial Stability Board, requires financial institutions to prepare recovery plans that aim to

re-establish
 adequate levels of capital and liquidity and to preserve the viability of such institutions under stress scenarios.

The guidelines require, among other things, that subject financial institutions must identify their critical functions for the National
Financial System (
Sistema Financeiro Nacional
) and their core business lines, monitor indicators and their critical levels, adopt stress-testing scenarios, predict recovery strategies, assess possible risks and barriers related to the
strategies and define clear and transparent governance procedures, as well as effective communication plans with key stakeholders. The rule provides for the submission of such recovery plans by December 31
st
, annually.

Segmentation for the Proportional Application of the Prudential Regulation

On January 30, 2017, the CMN issued a resolution establishing segmentation for financial institutions, financial institution groups and
other institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank for proportional application of the prudential regulation, considering the size, international activity and risk profile of members of each segment. According to such resolution, out of
the five possible segments, we are classified as Segment 1, which is composed of universal banks, commercial banks, investment banks, foreign exchange banks and federal saving banks that (a) have a size equivalent or superior to 10% of the
Brazilian GDP; or that (b) perform relevant international activities, independently from the magnitude of the institution.

Brazilian Covered Bond
(“Letra Imobiliária Garantida” – “LIG”)

Law No. 13,097/2015 created the Brazilian covered bond
(
Letra Imobili
á
ria Garantida
, or
LIG
), a debt instrument for funding Brazilian financial institutions that follows the covered bonds structure. Since the law’s adoption, both the CMN and the Central Bank have
regulated its provisions and established procedures relating to the issuance of Brazilian covered bonds.

Since then, Itaú Unibanco
completed two bullet issuances of Brazilian covered bonds, the first on December 14, 2018 in the total amount of R$1.224 billion and the second on April 24, 2019, in the total amount of R$350 million.

On July 24, 2019, Itaú Unibanco established its first Brazilian covered bond program. The first issuance under the covered bond
program took place on July 29, 2019, in the total amount of R$1 million. As of December 31, 2020, the accrued value of the outstanding Brazilian covered bonds issued by Itaú Unibanco, which includes the bullet issuances as well
as the issuances under the program (as reflected in our financial statements), amounted to R$11,029 million.

Foreign Currency Transactions and
Exposure

Transactions involving the sale and purchase of foreign currency in Brazil may only be conducted by institutions authorized
to do so by the Central Bank. There are no limits for long or short positions in foreign currency for banks authorized to carry out transactions on the foreign exchange market. Currently there is no compulsory deposit requirement rate on the foreign
currency short position held by financial institutions.

62

Table of Contents

In accordance with CMN regulation, financial institutions in Brazil may raise funds abroad,
either through direct loans or through the issuance of debt securities. Funds raised accordingly may be freely invested in Brazil, including but not limited to
on-lending
 to Brazilian companies and financial
institutions. Brazilian banks authorized to operate in foreign currency markets which hold regulatory capital higher than R$5 billion may also use these funds to grant loans abroad to Brazilian companies, their offshore subsidiaries and to
foreign companies controlled by Brazilians or to acquire securities issued or guaranteed by such companies in the primary market. Cross-border loans, in which one party is in Brazil and the other party is abroad, require previous registration with
the Central Bank, which may establish limits on the conditions of such foreign currency loan transactions. Please see “Item 10E. Taxation” for further details about tax on foreign exchange transactions.

Financial institutions may also grant loans in or indexed to a foreign currency to their clients’ trade-related activities, such as by
granting advances on foreign exchange contracts (
Adiantamento sobre Contrato de Câmbio
), advances on delivered export register (
Adiantamento sobre Cambiais Entregues
) or export or import prepayment agreements
(
Pré-Pagamento de Exportação e Financiamento à Importação
), all in accordance with Brazilian regulations on foreign exchange markets and international capital flows.

The Central Bank and the Brazilian government frequently change rules and regulations applicable to foreign currency borrowing and loans in
accordance with the economic scenario and Brazilian monetary policy.

In addition, the legislation sets forth that the total exposure in
gold and other assets and liabilities indexed or linked to the foreign exchange rate variation undertaken by financial institutions (including their offshore branches), and their direct and indirect subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, may not
exceed 30.0% of their regulatory capital.

New Foreign Exchange Bill Approved by the Brazilian House of Representatives

By initiative of the Central Bank, the President of Brazil has presented to the Congress a draft bill to reformulate the Brazilian foreign
exchange market (“
New Foreign Exchange Bill
”). The draft also includes provisions regarding the Brazilian capital held abroad and foreign capital held in Brazil. The initiative intends to modernize, simplify and increase legal
certainty associated with the current regulatory framework for Brazilian foreign exchange legislation.

The main aspects of the New
Foreign Exchange Bill are: (i) the confirmation, at the legal level, that foreign exchange transactions may be carried out freely (provided that through entities authorized to operate in this market and subject to applicable rules); (ii) the
granting of broad powers to the CMN and the Central Bank to regulate the foreign exchange market and its operations; (iii) the expansion of the international correspondence activity of Brazilian banks; (iv) the possibility of Brazilian
banking institutions to invest and lend abroad funds raised in Brazil or abroad; (v) the exclusion of foreign currency purchase and sale operations of up to US$1,000 carried out between individuals on an occasional and
non-professional
 basis, from its scope; and (vi) the granting of powers to the monetary authorities to establish situations in which the prohibition of private offsetting of credits between residents and
nonresidents, as well as the payment in foreign currency in Brazil, would not apply.

On December 22, 2020, the Brazilian House of
Representatives approved the draft of the New Foreign Exchange Bill. The House voted on many motions by representatives for amendment or redaction of specific sections of the New Foreign Exchange Bill on February 10, 2021 with no material
alterations to the proposal. Considering the approval by the Brazilian House of Representatives, the bill will be sent to the Brazilian Senate for approval. As of this date, it is not possible to estimate if and when it will be approved by the
Brazilian Senate, or which changes (if any) will be approved by the Senate.

Central Bank Launches Public Consultation to Improve Foreign Exchange
Regulations

The Central Bank launched Public Consultation No. 079/2020, which contains a proposal to improve foreign exchange
regulations in the context of technological innovations and new business models related to international payments and transfers.

63

Table of Contents

The improvements considered recent developments related to international payments and transfers,
advancing competition, financial inclusion and innovation in the sector within the possibilities allowed by the current legal framework. According to the Central Bank, the structural innovations in the Brazilian foreign exchange market can only be
implemented after updating the legal framework of the foreign exchange market through the approval of the New Foreign Exchange Bill.

The
proposal seeks to expand competition in the segment of remittances, provide better services and facilitate the execution of these transactions. It also aims to significantly improve the domestic payments market and foster the use by the public of
payment accounts by bringing such alternatives to the foreign exchange market.

In this sense, the proposal includes the following
measures: (i) allowing payment institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank to require authorization to operate in the foreign exchange market for the intermediation of certain operations and limited to USD100 thousand per
transaction; and (ii) regulating the use of prepaid payment accounts held by Brazilians residing, domiciled or headquartered abroad, to be maintained at an institution authorized to operate in the foreign exchange market.

The proposal also consolidates and modernizes the regulation of international payment or transfer services in the foreign exchange market,
providing uniform treatment for the acquisition of goods and services carried out with the participation of issuers of payment instruments for international use, international payment facilitators and intermediaries and representatives in
international purchases. The provider of such services would now be referred to in the exchange regulations by the term eFX.

Large Exposure Limits

We are legally prevented from granting loans or advances, and guarantees, including derivative transactions, underwriting or holding
in our investment portfolio securities of any clients or group of affiliated clients that, in the aggregate, exceeds the threshold determined by the Central Bank. On July 31, 2018 the CMN released a resolution in order to comply with the Basel
III reforms, introducing a new basis for calculating the exposure limits applicable to financial institutions classified as Segment 1 to their Tier 1 Regulatory Capital and increasing the scope of transactions that increase exposure to clients
subject to the limit, including exposure from securities and derivatives held in our investment portfolio. The maximum exposure to any individual counterparty or group of connected counterparties of a Segment 1 financial institution is 25% of its
Tier 1 Regulatory Capital, and to concentrated individual clients or group of connected clients of such Segment 1 financial institution is 600% of its Tier 1 Regulatory Capital (a concentrated individual client means, for the purpose of the rule,
any one client to which exposure is equal to or higher than 10% of its Tier 1 Regulatory Capital).

Under this exposure limits, the
following entities are considered to be different clients: (i) the Brazilian government, including the Central Bank; (ii) an entity which 50% or more of its voting capital is held directly by the Brazilian Government, jointly with its
controlled entities; (iii) a State of the Federative Republic of Brazil or the Federal District, jointly with its controlled entities and with entities which are financially dependent on a State, the Federal District or their controlled
entities; (iv) each Brazilian municipal district, jointly with its controlled entities and with entities which are financially dependent on a municipality or its controlled entities; (v) each central government of a foreign jurisdiction;
(vi) each central bank of a foreign jurisdiction, if this entity is not included in the central government; (vii) each entity which 50% or more of its voting capital is held directly by a central government of a foreign jurisdiction,
jointly with its controlled entities and with entities that are financially dependent on it; (viii) a governmental body of a foreign jurisdiction, jointly with its controlled entities and with entities that are financially dependent on it or
its controlled entities; and (ix) any other entity, public or private, which share the credit risk calculated by the financial institution according to CMN regulations.

The rule provides that, for certain financial institutions (including those classified as Segment 1, which is our segment), individual
exposures to the Brazilian Federal Union (including the Brazilian Central Bank) as well as to central governments or to central banks of foreign jurisdictions are not subject to the observance of the large exposure limits.

Banks must identify possible related counterparties, considering its economic interdependence in all cases where the sum of all exposures to
one specific counterparty exceeds 5% of the eligible capital base. Two or more counterparties have an economic interdependence relationship whenever one experiences financial difficulties and the other, as a result, would also be likely to encounter
financial difficulties, including those related to funding, payment of obligations and insolvency.

64

Table of Contents

Counterparties identified as economically interdependent must be treated as a single counterparty that is subject to the aforementioned requirements.

Risk Weighted Asset Calculation

The
calculation of risk exposure is based on several factors set forth by the Central Bank regulations and impacts the capital requirements. The components take into consideration the type of risk and include the parameters and procedures for
calculation of the risk weighted asset, or RWA, to determine the capital requirements resulting from each risk exposure. The Central Bank has been frequently changing and updating the rules and regulations for the RWA calculation.

Financial Bills (“
Letras Financeiras”
)

According to Law No. 12,249 of June11, 2010, as amended, Brazilian financial institutions can issue financial bills (
letras
financeiras
), a debt funding instrument for financial institution aimed at larger volumes and longer terms. The regulatory framework for financial bills permits financial institutions to issue such instruments with subordination clauses as Basel

III-compliant.
 As per the CMN Resolutions Nos. 4,733 of 2019 and 4,192 of 2013, the main characteristics of Basel
III-compliant
 financial bills are:

•   The possibility of issuance of financial bills convertible into equity. The conversion may not be requested by
the investor or the issuer financial institution;

•   The suspension of interest payments in case of non-compliance with
capital requirements. Additionally, in order to preserve the regular functioning of the Brazilian financial system, the Central Bank may determine that financial bills be converted into equity or be written-off. These determinations will not be considered as a default by financial institutions and will not accelerate the maturity of its other debts;

•   The possibility of issuance of perpetual financial bills, which will only mature in case of default on interest
payments or at the time of the dissolution of the financial institution; and

•   The possibility of a broad authorization for the use of funds raised by the issuance of financial bills in the
composition of the issuer’s Regulatory Capital (such authorization is pending Central Bank’s regulation).

In
addition, CMN Resolution 4,733 of 2019 establishes important provisions for the issuance of financial bills such as:

•   Certain due diligence obligations to be observed by the issuer or any intermediary institutions involved in the
distribution, placement and trading of the financial bills, in order to ensure the provision of information regarding the investment and its suitability to the investor’s profile; and

•   The flexibilization of the rates that can be used for the remuneration of financial bills, allowing the use of
floating rates regardless of a combination with a fixed rate or any other rate (fixed or floating) that is publicly known and regularly calculated.

On September 24, 2019, the Central Bank issued Circular 3,963, a rule systematizing the requirements for the registration of financial
bills in authorized central depositary entities, which were previously dispersed in different documents. The new rule establishes in its annexes the content of the subordination clauses that must be included in financial bills issued to compose the
issuer’s Regulatory Capital.

Establishment of a Succession Policy

Financial institutions and other institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank are required to maintain a succession policy for its
management, which shall cover recruiting, promotion, election and retention processes, based on rules that regulate the identification, evaluation and training of senior management positions.

Our Board of Directors approved our Manager’s Succession Policy in accordance with CMN’s resolution. Our succession policy aims to
consolidate the internal procedures and practices of the Itaú Unibanco Group regarding the succession of our management team.

Code of Corporate
Governance

65

Table of Contents

The Brazilian Corporate Governance Code for publicly-held companies (
Código Brasileiro
de Governança Corporativa – Companhias Abertas
) sets forth corporate governance-related principles, guidelines and actions applicable to publicly-held companies and determines that companies adopt the “apply or explain”
model in respect of its principles, guidelines and actions. Pursuant to this code, companies must furnish to CVM a report regarding their adherence to the Brazilian Corporate Governance Code within seven months of the closing date of the fiscal
year. The implementation of the Corporate Governance Code was integrated in the local regulatory framework by means of the CVM Ruling No. 586/17.

In addition, the CMN has included the principles and criteria of corporate governance of financial institutions established by the Basel
Committee into the Brazilian regulatory framework, through the “Core Principles for Effective Banking Supervision.”

CMN rules
establish the terms for the remittance of information on the management of financial institutions to the Central Bank, controlling group and relevant shareholders, including the obligation to communicate to the regulator any information that may
affect the reputation of any person classified in one of such categories. For this purpose, financial institutions must provide a communication channel which allows employees, contributors, clients, users, associates, or services providers to
anonymously report situations indicating illegal acts of any nature related to the institution. The financial institutions must also determine the internal body responsible for receiving the information and complying with the reporting obligations.

Anti-Corruption Law

The Brazilian
anti-corruption law establishes that legal entities will have strict liability (regardless of fault or willful misconduct) if they are involved in any form of bribery. The law also encompasses other injurious acts contrary to the Brazilian or
foreign public administration, including bid rigging and obstruction of justice. The law provides for heavy penalties, both through administrative and judicial proceedings including determination of dissolution of a company, prohibition against
undertaking to finance with public entities and prohibition against participating in public biddings.

In addition, the law authorizes the
public administrative authorities responsible for the investigation to enter into leniency agreements. The self-disclosure of violations and cooperation by legal entities may result in the reduction of fines and other sanctions.

The regulation also provides parameters for the application of the anti-corruption law, including with respect to penalties and compliance
programs. Please refer:

(i)   Our Anti-corruption Corporate Policy is available on our Investor Relations website.

(ii)   Our Corporate Conduct, Integrity and Ethics Policy is available on our Investor Relations website, from which
you can electronically access further details about our Integrity and Ethics Program and guidelines for situations of conflicts of interests.

(iii)   We also have a webpage dedicated to Integrity and Ethics in our Investor Relations website, from which you can
access further details about our Integrity and Ethics Program.

Compensation of Directors and Officers of Financial Institutions

According to rules set forth by the CMN, Brazilian financial institutions are required to have a compensation policy. If variable
compensation is to be paid to management, at least 50% of the total compensation should be paid in shares or share-based instruments and at least 40% of the total compensation should be deferred for future payment for at least three years. If the
institution records a significant decrease in the realized recurring profit or a negative result during the deferral period, the deferred and unpaid portions of the compensation should be reversed proportionally to the decrease in result, in order
to minimize the loss incurred by the financial institutions and their stockholders.

Our compensation policy, applicable to directors and
officers in Brazil (constituting the major part of the management population of the Itaú Unibanco Group), complies with CMN’s regulatory requirements. Our compensation

66

Table of Contents

principles and practices worldwide comply with each local regulation and seek to increase alignment between the interests of our stockholders and our management.

For further information, see “Item 6B—Compensation.”

Antitrust Regulation

The Brazilian
Antitrust Law requires that transactions resulting in economic concentration should be submitted to CADE, the Brazilian antitrust authority, for prior approval in the event these transactions meet the following criteria: (i) the economic group
of any of the parties to a transaction recorded, in the fiscal year prior to that of the transaction, minimum gross revenues of R$750 million; and (ii) at least one of the other economic groups involved in the transaction recorded, for the
same time period, minimum gross revenues of R$75 million.

The closing of a transaction prior to CADE’s approval subjects the
parties to fines ranging from R$60,000 to R$60 million, the nullity of the relevant agreement, and potential administrative proceedings.

In addition to submitting such transactions to CADE’s approval, financial institutions are required by Circular No. 3,590/2012 of
the Central Bank (updated by Circular No. 3,800/2016) to submit to the Central Bank’s antitrust approval any concentration acts involving two or more financial institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank in the following cases:
(i) acquisition of corporate control, (ii) a merger, (iii) transfer of the business to another financial institution, and (iv) contracts or legal entities, aimed at cooperation in the financial sector; (v) acquisition of a
minority stake of at least 5% of the voting shares of a financial institution.

It is worth mentioning that legislations in force in other
jurisdictions may require that concentration acts be submitted to the relevant antitrust authority.

The Brazilian antitrust law provides
for penalties in the event of violations of the economic order. Accordingly, an undertaking in a dominant position (as the law assumes of one holding over 20% interest) in a certain market in which it operates, which, irrespective thereof, carries
out an illegal interaction with competitors, including through professional associations, may be subject to an administrative fine of 0.1% to 20% of the gross revenues of the group operating in the industry affected by such violation and to the
divestiture of assets, among other penalties. Additionally, the antitrust legislation of other jurisdictions, such as the U.S. (Sherman Act and Clayton Antitrust Act) and the European (Articles 101 and 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the
European Union), may also be applicable to companies whenever these carry out alleged anticompetitive practices with effects in the aforementioned jurisdictions.

Our Antitrust Corporate Policy is available on our Investors Relations website.

Treatment of Past Due Debts

Brazilian financial institutions are required to classify their credit transactions (including leasing transactions and other transactions
characterized as credit advances) at different levels and recognize provisions according to the level attributed to each such transaction. The classification is based on the financial condition of the clients the terms and conditions of the
transaction and the period of time during which the transaction is past due, if any. For purposes of Central Bank requirements, transactions are classified as level AA, A, B, C, D, E, F, G or H, with AA being the highest classification. Credit
classifications must be reviewed on a monthly basis and, apart from additional provisions required by the Central Bank which are deemed necessary by the management of financial institutions, each level has a specific allowance percentage that is
applied to it and which we use to calculate our allowance for loan losses, as specified in more detail in the table below:

Classification (1)   AA   A   B   C   D   E   F   G   H
Allowance (%)   0   0.5   1   3   10   30   50   70   100
Past due (in days)   —   —   15 to 30   31 to 60   61 to 90   91 to 120   121 to 150   151 to 180   Over 180

(1)   Our credit classification also takes into account the client’s credit profile, which may negatively impact
the past due classification.

67

Table of Contents

Under IFRS, as issued by the IASB, the allowance for loan losses is based on our internally
developed incurred loss models, which calculate the allowance for loan losses by multiplying the probability of default by the clients or counterparty, or PD, by the potential for recovery on defaulted credits (LGD) for each transaction, as
described in Note 2.4(d) I – Classification and Measurement of Financial Assets and Note 32 Risk and Capital Management, our audited consolidated financial statements. The risk levels are categorized as:

Lower risk: PD lower or equal than 4.44%

Satisfactory: PD from
4.44% up to 25.95%

Higher risk: PD higher than 25.95%

Credit-Impaired: loans classified in Stage 3

Bank
insolvency

The insolvency of financial institutions is handled pursuant to applicable laws and regulations by the Central Bank, which
initiates and monitors all applicable administrative proceedings. There are three types of special regimes that may be imposed to either privately-held financial institutions or state-owned (other than federal government-owned) financial
institutions or similar institutions:

(i) Temporary special administration regime or RAET:   a less severe special regime with limited duration which allows financial institutions to continue to operate
– the whole management loses its offices and is replaced by a steering committee appointed by the Central Bank with broad management powers, which will adopt of measures aimed at the resumption of the financial institution’s regular
activities. If resumption is not possible, this regime may be turned into an extrajudicial liquidation.
(ii) Intervention:   a time-limited regime in which the Central Bank appoints an intervenor that takes charge of the financial
institution’s management, suspending its regular activities and dismissing the financial institution’s management, with the main purpose of preventing the continuation of certain irregularities and the aggravation of the financial
situation of the financial institution, which can put assets at risk and harm the financial institution’s creditors – it suspends all actions related to payment obligations of the financial institution, prevents the early settlement or
maturity of its obligations and freezes pre-existing deposits.
(iii) Extrajudicial liquidation:   process of dissolution of the company in cases of unrecoverable insolvency or severe violations of the rules
that regulate a financial institution’s activities. The extrajudicial liquidation aims at promoting the liquidation of the existing assets for the payment of creditors, with the return of any amounts left to stockholders. Controlling
stockholders may be held responsible for remaining liabilities.

In the course of the special regimes described above, the steering committee, the intervenor, and the
liquidator may, when authorized by the Central Bank: (i) dispose of assets and rights of the financial institution to third parties and (ii) proceed with corporate restructuring processes in the financial institution or its subsidiaries,
among other possible measures of similar effect.

68

Table of Contents

Financial institutions may also be subject to the bankruptcy regime.

On December 24, 2020, the President of Brazil sanctioned Law 14,112 (“Law 14,112”), which overhauls the current Brazilian
Bankruptcy and Reorganization Law (Law 11,101/05) in several material aspects. Law 14,112 will enter into effect on January 23, 2021. It is possible that certain changes will potentially affect material matters concerning enforcement and
priority rankings, such as: (i) the possibility of creditors putting forward an alternative judicial reorganization plan; (ii) new rules on the approval of post-petition loans in judicial reorganization and on priority claims in case of
conversion to bankruptcy liquidation; (iii) more flexible quorum and mechanics of the extrajudicial reorganization process; (iv) new rules to expedite the bankruptcy liquidation process; (v) new methods for restructuring of the
debtor’s tax liabilities and installment payments, as well as new taxation schemes; and (vi) incorporation of rules on cross-border insolvency proceedings into the Brazilian framework.

Law 14,112 replicates, with some adjustments, the provisions of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency. As a result, Law 14,112
sets out some rules on access of foreign representatives to courts in Brazil, the method and requirements for recognition of foreign main and ancillary proceedings, authorization for the debtor and his representatives to act in other countries,
methods of communication and cooperation between foreign authorities and representatives and the Brazilian jurisdiction, and the processing of concurrent proceedings.

Law 14,112 also sets forth, among other measures, (i) a protection for creditors that agree on the conversion of debt into equity against
potential transfer of liability with regard to the debtor’s obligations; (ii) the stay period and constraints on the assets of the debtor under judicial reorganization; (iii) conciliation and mediation measures before and during
judicial reorganization proceedings; and (iv) the rules on procedural and substantive consolidation. Law 14,112 also sets out that a bankruptcy decree does not reach beyond the bankrupt itself, save when the disregard doctrine is to apply.

Deposit Insurance

In the event of
intervention, extrajudicial liquidation or liquidation of a financial institution in a bankruptcy proceeding, the Credit Insurance Fund, or FGC, a deposit insurance system, guarantees the maximum amount of R$250,000 for certain deposits and credit
instruments held by an individual, a company or another legal entity with a financial institution (or financial institutions of the same economic group). Such deposits and credit instruments contracted as of December 22, 2017, are subject to an
additional limit: the total coverage of the referred guarantee is R$1,000,000 per investor regardless of the number of accounts held in different financial groups and such limit is valid for a period of four years. The resources of the FGC come
primarily from mandatory contributions from all Brazilian financial institutions that receive deposits from clients, currently at a monthly rate of 0.01% of the amount of the balances of accounts corresponding to the financial instruments that are
the subject matter of the ordinary guarantee, even if the related credits are not fully covered by FGC, and certain special contributions. Deposits and funds raised abroad are not guaranteed by the FGC. Credits of financial institutions and other
institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank, complementary welfare entities, insurance companies, capitalization companies, investment clubs and investment funds, as well as those representing any interest in or financial instrument held
by such entities, are not protected by the ordinary guarantee of FGC.

Payment of Creditors in Liquidation

In the event of extrajudicial liquidation of a financial institution or liquidation of a financial institution in a bankruptcy proceeding, the
salaries of employees and the related labor claims up to a certain amount, secured credits and tax charges have priority in any claims against the entity in liquidation. The payment of unsecured credits, including deposits from regular retail
clients that are not guaranteed by the FGC, is subject to the prior payment of preferred credits. Additionally, upon the payment of the deposits guaranteed by the FGC, the FGC becomes an unsecured creditor of the estate in liquidation.

Insurance Regulation

With governmental
approval, insurance companies in Brazil may offer all types of insurance (except for workers’ compensation insurance) directly to clients or through qualified brokers.

Insurance companies must set aside reserves to be invested in specific types of securities. As a result, insurance companies are among the
main investors in the Brazilian securities market and subject to CMN regulations regarding the investment of technical reserves.

69

Table of Contents

In the event an insurance company is declared bankrupt, the insurance company will be subject to
a special procedure administered by SUSEP or by ANS. If an insurance company is declared bankrupt and (i) its assets are not sufficient to guarantee at least half of the unsecured credits or (ii) procedures relating to acts that may be
considered bankruptcy-related crimes are in place, the insurance company will be subject to ordinary bankruptcy procedures.

There is
currently no restriction on foreign investments in insurance companies in Brazil.

Brazilian legislation establishes that insurance
companies must buy reinsurance to the extent their liabilities exceed their technical limits under the rules of the regulatory bodies (CNSP and SUSEP), and reinsurance contracts may be entered into through a direct negotiation between the insurance
and reinsurance companies or through a reinsurance broker authorized to operate in Brazil.

Anti-Money Laundering Regulation

The Brazilian anti-money laundering law (Law No. 9,613, as amended) establishes the basic framework to prevent and punish money laundering
as a crime. It prohibits the concealment or dissimulation of origin, location, availability, handling or ownership of assets, rights or financial resources directly or indirectly originated from crimes, subjecting the agents of these illegal
practices to imprisonment, temporary disqualification from managing enterprises for up to ten years and monetary fines.

The Brazilian
anti-money laundering law also created the Council for Financial Activities Control (COAF), which is subordinated to the Central Bank and performs a key role in the Brazilian system of preventing and combating money laundering, financing of
terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.

In compliance with the Brazilian anti-money laundering law and related
regulations enacted by the Central Bank, including the rules applicable to procedures that must be adopted by financial institutions to prevent and combat money laundering and terrorism financing, as well as in response to the recommendation of
Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and United Nations Security Council (UNSC), financial institutions in Brazil must establish internal control and procedures aiming at:

•   identifying and knowing their clients, which includes determining if they are PEPs, and also identifying Ultimate
Beneficial Owners (UBOs). These records should be kept up-to-date;

•   checking the origin of funds of a client, as well as the compatibility between the movement of its funds and its
economic and financial capacity;

•   carrying out a prior analysis of new products and services, including the use of new technologies, if applicable,
under the perspective of money laundering prevention;

•   keeping records of all transactions carried out or financial services provided on behalf of a certain client or
for that client;

•   reporting to COAF, within one business day, any transaction deemed to be suspicious by the financial institution,
as well as all transactions in cash equivalent to or higher than R$50,000, without informing the involved person or any third party;

•   applying special attention to (i) unusual transactions or proposed transactions with no apparent economic or
legal bases; (ii) transactions involving PEPs, (iii) indication of evading client identification and transaction registering procedures; (iv) clients and transactions for which the UBO cannot be identified; (v) transactions
originated from or destined to countries that do not fully comply with the recommendations of the FATF; and (vi) situations in which it is not possible to keep the clients’ identification records duly updated;

•   determining criteria for hiring personnel and offering anti-money laundering training for employees;

•   establishing procedures to be complied with by all branches and subsidiaries of Brazilian financial institutions
located abroad with respect to anti-money laundering;

•   establishing that any institutions authorized to operate in the Brazilian foreign exchange market with financial
institutions located abroad, must verify whether the foreign financial institution is physically located in the jurisdiction where it was incorporated and licensed, and that it is subject to effective supervision;

•   monitoring transactions and situations which could be considered suspicious for anti-money laundering purposes;

70

Table of Contents

•   reporting to COAF the occurrence of suspicious transactions, as required under applicable regulations, and also,
at least once a year, whether or not suspicious transactions are verified, in order to certify the non-occurrence of transactions subject to reporting to COAF (negative report);

•   requiring clients to inform the financial institution, at least three business days in advance, of their
intention to withdraw amounts equal to or exceeding R$50,000;

•   maintaining specific records of all operations carried out, products and services contracted by financial
institutions, including deposit, contribution, withdrawal, payments, receipts and transfers of funds;

•   ensuring that policies, procedures and internal controls are commensurate with its size and volume of
transactions; and

•   unavailability, without delay, of goods, values and rights of possession or ownership and all other rights, real
or personal, owned, directly or indirectly, of natural or legal persons subject to sanctions by the resolutions of the UNSC.

Non-compliance
 with any of the obligations above subjects the financial institution and its officers
to penalties ranging from: (i) formal notice, (ii) fines (from 1.0% to 200.0% of the amount of the transaction, 200.0% of the profit generated thereby, or a fine of up to R$20,000,000), (iii) rendering executive officers ineligible for
holding any management position in financial institutions, to (iv) the cancellation of the financial institution’s license to operate.

Central Bank Circular No. 3,978 of 2020, which came into force on October 1, 2020, also requires that financial institutions
maintain Anti-Money Laundering Program (in compliance with regulatory standards) and conduct periodic Internal Risk Assessments.

Politically Exposed
Persons (PEPs)

According to the Central Bank, PEPs are public agents who hold or have held a relevant public position, as well as
their representatives, family members or other close associates, over the past five years, in Brazil or other countries, territories and foreign jurisdictions. It also includes their legal entities. Financial institutions must develop and implement
internal procedures to identify PEPs and obtain higher level of approval than the person responsible for contracting, according to Risk-Based Approach, prior to establishing any relationship with those individuals. They should also adopt reinforced
and continuous surveillance actions regarding transactions with PEPs and report all suspicious transactions to COAF.

Leasing Regulation

Although leasing transactions are not classified as credit transactions under Brazilian legislation, the Central Bank regulates and oversees
leasing transactions. The parties involved in a leasing transaction are the “lessor” (the bank) and “lessee” (our client). The leased asset, owned by the lessor, is delivered to be used by the lessee until the end of the
contract, when the lessee may opt to either acquire it or return it to the lessor or renew the contract for a new period.

Brazilian
legislation establishes a specific methodology to account for the profits or losses in leasing transactions and all information that should be included in a lease agreement. The guaranteed residual amount paid by a lessee should correspond to a
minimum return required for the transaction to be viable for the lessor, whether the purchase option is exercised or not. The laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions, such as those related to reporting requirements, capital
adequacy and leverage, assets composition limits and allowance for losses, are also generally applicable to leasing companies.

Correspondent Agents

We may engage other entities to provide certain services to our clients, including customer service. These entities are generally
called correspondents, and our relationship with correspondents is regulated by the Central Bank. Among other requirements, the Central Bank establishes that employees of all correspondent agents must hold a technical certification authorizing them
to serve customers involved in credit and leasing operations.

71

Table of Contents

Regulation of the Brazilian Securities Market

According to the Brazilian Corporate Law, a company is considered publicly-traded or closely-held depending on whether the securities issued by
it are accepted for trading in the securities market or not. All publicly-held companies, such as our company, are registered with the CVM, are subject to specific regulations and are also subject to information disclosure and reporting
requirements.

Disclosure Requirements

Under CVM rules, publicly-traded companies are subject to disclosure requirements and rules governing the use of material information. Any
decision that may reasonably influence the price of the securities issued by a publicly-held company or the decision of investors to buy, sell, or hold these securities, is considered material.

The CVM improved the quality of the information that must be presented in periodic filings by securities issuers by requiring such issuers to
file a “Reference Form” with the CVM. This form was modeled after IOSCO’s shelf registration system in gathering all of the issuer’s information in a single document.

Since 2018, the publicly-held companies, like us, have to present a form about a “Brazilian Corporate Governance Code” in the
“apply or explain” format.

Asset Management Regulation

The Brazilian asset management regulation requires a previous registration with the CVM to perform the services of portfolio management and
fund administration.

Itaú Unibanco Group provides several services in the capital markets and, in particular, performs activities
related to fund administration and portfolio management under CVM registration and in accordance with CVM regulation.

By providing these
services, our entities engaged in the asset management business can be held civilly and administratively liable in certain circumstances for losses arising from either intentional acts or negligence in conducting their activities.

The CVM has regulatory powers to oversee these activities, including powers to impose fines and other sanctions on registered asset managers.

Investments of Foreign Investors

Individuals or legal entities domiciled outside Brazil may invest in companies or other assets in Brazilian financial and capital markets,
subject to the restrictions and requirements set forth in the local regulation. All foreign investments in Brazil shall be registered with the Central Bank and/or CVM, depending on the type of the investment.

The foreign direct investment
(RDE-IED)
 enables the

non-resident
 investors to hold stock of companies in Brazil, whereas the portfolio investment (RDE – Portfolio) entitles the investment in almost all financial assets and transactions available in the
Brazilian financial and capital markets, being subject to some restrictions set forth in Brazilian regulation.

In order to invest in the
Brazilian financial and capital markets, investors
non-resident
 in Brazil must engage a financial institution authorized to act as legal representative and, unless the investor is a natural person, a custodian
of their investments in Brazil. Such investments are regulated by Resolution CMN 4,373/14 and Resolution CVM 13/20. The transactions performed by foreign investors must be carried out in the markets organized by entities authorized by CVM (such as
B3, for example) and securities must be held in custody with depositary and registration systems authorized by CVM and/or Central Bank (such as SELIC and CETIP). The rules establish certain exceptions which allow transactions outside of the
organized markets such as subscription of securities in initial public offerings, tender offerings of securities and payment of dividends in kind.

72

Table of Contents

Brazilian rules also allow the issuance abroad of depositary receipts based on (i) any
security issued by Brazilian publicly owned companies, (ii) credit instruments issued by financial institutions and other types of publicly owned institutions authorized by the Central Bank of Brazil, and eligible to be included in the
financial institution’s regulatory capital (
Patrim
ô
nio de Refer
ê
ncia
), and (iii)
 Letras Imobili
á
rias Garantidas
, which are a type of real estate note issued in the
Brazilian market.

Regulatory Sandbox

On October 26, 2020, the CMN and the Central Bank of Brazil (“BCB”) published CMN Resolution No. 4,865/2020 and BCB
Resolution No. 29/2020, both regarding Controlled Testing Environment for Financial Innovations (“Sandbox”), which is intended to allow businesses, including institutions that are not yet authorized to operate by the Central Bank, to
test innovative projects related to matters under the supervision of the CMN or the Central Bank with real consumers. CMN Resolution 4,865/2020 and BCB Resolution 29/2020 came into effect on December 1, 2020.

The specific rules of the first cycle such as duration period and number of participants, necessary documentation, criteria for the
classification of institutions and the schedule of the registration, selection and authorization processes of such entities were published on December 16, 2020 and is expected to start in the second half of 2021.

The Central Bank approved on December 15, 2020, through BCB Resolution No. 50 of December 16, 2020 (“Resolution
50/20”), the rules applicable to the first cycle of its Regulatory Sandbox, scheduled to begin in the first semester of 2021.

Resolution 50/20 sets forth that the participants of the first cycle must register between February 22 and March 19, 2021, and 10 to
15 projects will be selected from among those enrolled. The selection and authorization of registered participants will take place between March 22 and June 25, 2021, and may be extended by a maximum of 90 days, depending on the number of
registrants.

The topics chosen by the Central Bank as priorities and which will be considered in the selection of projects include:

•   Solutions for the foreign exchange market;

•   Development of capital markets through synergy mechanisms with the credit market;

•   Stimulus of credit to microentrepreneurs and small businesses;

•   Open Banking Solutions;

•   PIX Solutions;

•   Solutions for the rural credit market;

•   Solutions for increasing competition in National Financial System and Brazilian Payments System;

•   Financial and payment solutions with potential effects of stimulating financial inclusion; and

•   Fostering of sustainable finance.

Open Banking

The Brazilian Central Bank
announced the initial guidelines for open banking regulation in Brazil through Notice No. 33,455 on April 25, 2019. Open Banking consists in the sharing of data and payment initiation services by financial institutions and other authorized
entities, upon customer’s authorization and via integration of information systems. The Central Bank has looked at open banking as an important tool for innovation in the financial market, making the banking industry more efficient and
competitive.

The Brazilian open banking model will comprise financial institutions, payment institutions and other Central Bank-licensed
entities by making it possible to share, in a
phased-in
 approach, data on products and services, customer record data and customer transaction data. Open banking will eventually cover the provision of
initiation payment services.

On November 28, 2019, the Brazilian Central Bank launched Public Consultation No. 73/2019, which
disclosed the draft resolution to implement open banking in Brazil to the public. Among other topics, the draft resolution sets forth in detail

73

Table of Contents

the participating institutions (mandatory and voluntary), the data and services covered, the requirements for sharing, the responsibilities for sharing, the implementation schedule and the
convention to be concluded between the participating institutions. The period for commenting the Public Consultation ended on January 31, 2020 and the Brazilian Central Bank received contributions form market agents.

On May, 4, 2020, a regulation was published by the Central Bank and CMN (Joint Resolution No. 1/2020) and enables the sharing of
registration and transactional data from individuals or legal entities through a secure, prompt, accurate and convenient manner — at the customers’ discretion, in the case of data and services that identifies the customer. It is an
important step in the process of digitizing the financial system, creating an environment conducive to the emergence of new solutions for inclusive, competitive, safe and suitable provision of financial services.

The open banking in Brazil will be implemented gradually, from February 2021 to December 2021, pursuant to the new dates
established by the Joint Resolution No. 1/2020 (as amended by Joint Resolution No. 2/2020):

Stage I – as of February 2021:
public access to information from participating institutions regarding their customer service channels and their products and services related to demand deposit or savings accounts, payment accounts or credit transactions;

Stage II – up to July 15, 2021: sharing of customers’ or their representatives’ registry information, and the customers’
transactional data related to products and services listed in Stage I;

Stage III – up to August 30, 2021: sharing of services of initiating
payment transactions and forwarding loan proposals; and

Stage IV – up to December 15, 2021: expansion of the scope of covered data, in order to
include foreign exchange operations, investments, insurance, and open pension funds, among other financial products.

Regulation on Payment Agents and
Payment Arrangements

A Brazilian law enacted in October 2013 establishes the legal framework for “payment arrangements”
(i.e. the set of rules governing a payment scheme, such as a credit or debit card transaction), and “payment agents” (i.e., any agent that issues a payment instrument or acquires a merchant for payment acceptance), which became part of the
Brazilian Payments System and subject to oversight by the Central Bank. Payment agents, in spite of being regulated by the Central Bank, are not deemed to be financial institutions and are prohibited from engaging in activities that are exclusive of
financial institutions.

The CMN and the Central Bank published rules in November 2013 regulating payment arrangements and payment agents.
This regulation establishes, among other matters: (i) consumer protection and anti-money laundering compliance and loss prevention rules that should be followed by all entities supervised by the Central Bank when acting as payment agents and payment
arrangers; (ii) the procedures for the incorporation, organization, authorization and operation of payment agents, as well for the transfer of control, subject to the Central Bank’s prior approval; (iii) capital requirements; (iv) definition of
arrangements excluded from the Brazilian Payments System; (v) payment accounts, which are divided into prepaid and post-paid accounts; and (vi) a liquidity requirement for prepaid accounts that demands the allocation of their balance to a special
account at the Central Bank or to be invested in government bonds, starting at 20% in 2014 and rising gradually up to the totality of the total account balance in 2019.

In October 2015, a regulation was published by the Central Bank regulating limitations on closed payment arrangements, the concept of domicile
institution, the obligation of centralized clearing and settlement for the payment arrangements, and transparency of interoperability rules within an arrangement and between arrangements.

On March 26, 2018, the Central Bank enacted Circular No. 3,887 establishing limitations to the interchange fee for debit transactions, which
is the remuneration of the issuer paid by the merchant for each transaction. The average fee for the interchange is 0.5% and the maximum fee is 0.8%. These limitations are not applicable to non-face-to-face transactions and to corporate cards.

On November 28, 2018, the Central Bank enacted Circular No. 3,918, which modified Circular No. 3,691, regarding the international use of
credit cards. Effective as of March 1, 2020, credit cards issuers offer customers the option to pay credit card invoices in
reais
, converting the amounts due on the date that such expenses was incurred. This option must be adopted for all
credit cards issued, unless the customer waives converting foreign amounts on the day that the expense was incurred and chooses to have all amounts converted on the invoice due date.

74

Table of Contents

On June 27, 2019, the CMN and the Central Bank published Resolution No. 4,734 and Circular No.
3,952, which will come into effect on June 7, 2021, and impose new regulations regarding (i) the discount and prepayment operations of receivables from credit and debit payment instruments issued under the Brazilian Payment System; (ii) credit
operations guaranteed by such receivables; and (iii) the constitution of liens and encumbrances on these. With the new regulation, the Central Bank intends to provide greater efficiency and security to the discount, prepayment and credit operations
linked to receivables from payment arrangements by merchants, increasing competition and thus reducing the cost of credit.

On October 22,
2020, the Central Bank published the Resolution No 24, which modified Circular No. 3.885, establishing the authorization process for payment institutions classified as a payment initiation service providers. The payment initiation service provider
is characterized by being a payment institution that, without managing a payment account or holding at any time any part of the funds transfer, initiate a payment transaction. To operate as a payment initiation service provider is necessary a
previously authorization by the Central Bank, institutions that already hold a financial institution authorization or a payment institution authorization have a simplified procedure. The Central Bank Resolution No. 24 also modified the authorization
process for payments institutions that operate as prepaid issuers and start their operation after March 2021, requiring a previous authorization by the Central Bank.

On March 25, 2021, the Central Bank published Resolution No. 80 and Resolution No. 81, which repealed Circular No. 3,885 and altered the rules
relating to the operation and authorization process for payment institutions. Among the main changes introduced by Resolution No. 80, are: (i) the requirement that payment institutions include the term “
Instituição de
Pagamento
” in their corporate name; (ii) the requirement that payment institutions be managed by three or more statutory officers; and (iii) that securities broker dealers are no longer required to request prior authorization to offer some
payment services. The main changes set forth in Resolution No. 81 include changes to the definition of qualified equity interest held in payment intuitions, as well as an obligation for payment institutions to maintain a business plan available to
the Central Bank, which may be requested before or after the granting of the authorization to operate. Resolution No. 80 and Resolution No. 81 will come into effect on May 3, 2021. Similar to Resolution No. 24, Resolution No. 80 requires all payment
institutions incorporated after its entry into effect to require previous authorization by the Central Bank to operate.

Instant Payments

Central Bank approves regulation of its Instant Payment Arrangement (“Pix System”)

On August 13, 2020, the Central Bank issued Central Bank Resolution No. 1 (“Central Bank Resolution 1/2020”), establishing
the Pix System payment arrangement and approving its regulation (the “Pix Regulation”). Central Bank Resolution 1/2020 came into effect on September 1, 2020. Pix System transactions will operate on a restricted basis through
November 3, 2020 and will be fully operational after November 16, 2020.

Pursuant to Central Bank Resolution 1/2020, the
participation in the Pix System is mandatory for financial institutions and payment agents authorized to operate by the Central Bank that have more than 500,000 active customer accounts, considering cash deposit accounts, savings deposit accounts
and prepaid payment accounts. Participation in the PIX System is optional for financial institutions and payment agents that do not meet this threshold, as well as the National Treasury Secretariat.

The Pix Regulation applies to all participants in the Pix System. According to the Pix Regulation, there are three participation types:
(i) transactional account provider, which is a financial institution or a payment institution that offers deposit accounts or payment accounts to end users; (ii) government entity, which is the National Treasury Secretariat, with the
exclusive purpose of making collections and payments related to its activities; and (iii) special clearing houses, that are the financial institutions and payment agents that (a) within the scope of the Pix System have the exclusive
purpose of providing settlement services to other participants, (b) meet the requirements to act as settlement participants in the Central Bank’s Instant Payments System (“SPI”), and (c) do not meet the criteria of mandatory
participation in the Pix System.

Provision of Financial Services through Electronic Channels

CMN regulation establishes that financial institutions are not required to provide clients access to traditional banking services channels for
collection and receipt services based on agreements that demand exclusively electronic channels.

Credit Performance Information

CMN regulates a database known as Credit Information System (
Sistema de Informações de Crédito,
or SCR), which
comprises information regarding credit operations sent to the Central Bank. SCR’s purpose is to provide information for the Central Bank to monitor and supervise credit in the financial system, and also to enable information exchange among
financial institutions.

75

Table of Contents

New rules applicable to Brazilian capital abroad and
non-resident

accounts in Brazil.

On July 30, 2020, the CMN enacted Resolution No. 4,841 and Resolution No. 4,844, which provide new
rules related to the presentation of the Declaration of Brazilian Capital Abroad (“DCBE”), as well as the provision of information regarding
non-resident
 accounts (conta de
não-residente
 – “CNR”) in Brazil, both of which provide for the modernization and cost reduction of the compliance and supervision process in the National Financial System. According to
Resolution No. 4,841, only Brazilian residents who maintain capital abroad above US$ 1 million by December 31 of each year are required to submit the DCBE, a declaration of assets abroad, to the Central Bank. Nevertheless, the rules
for the provision of information to the Brazilian Tax Authority (Receita Federal do Brasil or “RFB”) have been kept unchanged. In addition, Resolution No. 4,844 alters the minimum threshold for the mandatory registration of
transactions in CNRs from R$10,000 to R$100,000, which has the purpose of simplifying the monitoring procedures by Brazilian financial institutions.

Consumer Protection Code

The Brazilian Consumer
Protection Code, or CDC, which is applicable to financial institutions according to Brazilian higher courts, sets forth consumer defense and protection rules applicable to consumers’ relationships with suppliers of products or services.

Basic consumer rights dealing with financial institutions:   •   Reverse burden of proof in court; •   Proper and clear
information provided with respect to the products and services offered (e.g.; quantity, characteristics, composition, quality, price and risks such products pose); •   Proportional reduction of interest charged in connection with personal credit and consumer
directed credit transactions in case of early payment of debts; •   In limited circumstances, amounts charged improperly may have to be returned in an amount
equal to twice what was paid in excess of due amounts, except in cases of justifiable mistakes (e.g.; systemic failure or operational error); •   Collection of credits cannot expose the client to embarrassment or be performed in a
threatening manner; •   Prohibition on the release of misleading or abusive publicity or information about
contracts or services, as well as on the promoting of overbearing or disloyal commercial practices; and •   Liability for any damages caused to consumers by misrepresentations in their publicity or
information provided.

Late payment and default

CMN Resolution No. 4,882 provides that in case of delay or
non-payment
 of credit operations,
financial leasing and credit card and other post-paid payment instruments, the financial institutions may only charge customers the following: (i) the interest rate established in the agreement; (ii) default interest and late payment fines
in accordance with the law.

Limitation to the fees and interest rates on overdraft-secured checks

On November 27, 2019, the CMN issued Resolution No. 4,765 (“Resolution No. 4,765/2019”), providing for new rules on
the overdraft granted by financial institutions in checking accounts held by individuals and individual micro entrepreneurs (MEI).

The
new rule limits the charging of fees on overdraft-secured checks to: (i) 0% for the opening credit facilities of up to R$ 500.00; and (ii) 0.25% for the opening of credit facilities larger than R$500.00, calculated with the amount of the facility
that exceeds R$500.00.

Resolution No. 4,765/2019 also limits interest rates over the overdraft-secured check to up to 8% per month,
to which must be added a discount of the overdraft fees already charged monthly by the financial institution. According to the new rule, if the interest is less than or equal to the overdraft fees, such interest rates must be equal to zero.

76

Table of Contents

In addition, Resolution No. 4,765/2019 establishes that the overdraft-secured check must be
compatible with the customer’s risk profile.

Resolution No. 4,765/2019 came into force on January 6, 2020, for agreements
executed after the referred date, and came into force on June 1, 2020, for agreements executed prior to such date. Regarding the 8% limitation the rule applies to all contracts from 06 January 2020 regardless of the date of contracting.

Data Protection

The Brazilian General
Data Protection Act, or the GDPA, came into effect in September 2020 (except for administrative sanctions, which will enter into effect on August 1, 2021, according to Law No. 14,010/2020). The GDPA brings a set of rules to be observed in
activities such as collection, processing, storage, use, transfer, sharing and erasure of information concerning identified or identifiable natural persons. The application of the GDPA will apply irrespective of industry or business when dealing
with personal data.

The GDPA also created the Brazilian National Data Protection Authority, or the ANPD, which will exercise the triple
role of investigation, enforcement and education. More importantly, it will be able to issue norms and procedures, deliberate on the interpretation of the act, request information to controllers and processors and, in cases of noncompliance with the
law, enforce the law through an administrative process. The ANPD has been assured technical independence, though it is subordinated to the Presidency of the Republic.

Cybersecurity

We comply with the
requirements of GDPA, especially in relation to the security and protection of personal data, as well as CMN Resolution No. 4,658/2021 and of Central Bank Circular No. 3,909/2018, which require financial institutions to institute a
Cybersecurity Policy, as well as regulates the outsourcing of relevant data processing and storage and cloud computing services. We also comply with CVM Ruling No. 612/2019, which amends, expands and repeals provisions to CVM Ruling
No. 505, which sets forth the standards and procedures to be observed in security transactions carried out in regulated securities markets requiring the implementation of cybersecurity controls and data protection.

Automatic debit of banking accounts

On
March 26, 2020, CMN issued Resolution No. 4,790, which sets forth new rules for the automatic debit payments from checking account and accounts designated for the payment of an individual’s wages.

In order to foster the transparency on the relationship between the financial institutions and their clients, the new rule sets forth that
financial institutions should only process automatic debit payments upon prior and express authorization of the client. Resolution No. 4,790 provides for the procedures for the authorization and cancellation of automatic debit payments.

The new rule will come into force on May 1
st
, 2021.

Regulation of Independent Auditors

In
accordance with CMN regulations establishing the rules that govern external audit services provided to financial institutions, the financial statements and financial information of financial institutions must be audited by independent auditors who
are (i) duly registered with the CVM; (ii) qualified as specialists in audit of banks by the CFC and the IBRACON; and (iii) meet the requirements that ensure auditor independence.

After issuing audit reports for five consecutive fiscal years, the responsible audit partner and audit team members with management
responsibilities must
rotate-off
 and cannot be part of the audit team of such institution for three consecutive fiscal years.

CMN regulations also prohibit the engagement and maintenance of independent auditors by financial institutions in the event that: (i) any
of the circumstances of impediment or incompatibility for the provision of audit services provided for in the rules and regulations of the CVM, CFC or IBRACON arise; (ii) ownership of shares of or entering into financial

77

Table of Contents

transactions (either asset or liability) with the audited financial institution by the audit firm or members of the audit team involved in the audit work of the financial institution; and
(iii) fees payable by the institution represent 25% or more of the total annual fees of the audit firm. Additionally, the audited financial institution is prohibited from hiring partners and members of the audit team with managerial
responsibilities who were involved in the audit work at the financial institution during the preceding 12 months.

In addition to the
audit report, the independent auditor must prepare the following reports, as required by CMN regulation.

•   An assessment of the internal controls and risk management procedures of the financial institution, including its
electronic data processing system;

•   A description of non-compliance with legal and regulatory provisions that
have, or may have, a significant impact on the audited financial statements or operations of the audited financial institution; and

•   Others reports required by Central Bank.

These reports, as well as working papers, correspondence, service agreements and other documents related to the audit work must be retained
and made available to the Central Bank for at least five years.

Under Brazilian law, our financial statements must be prepared in
accordance with the accounting practices adopted in Brazil applicable to institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank. We also prepare financial statements in accordance with the IFRS as issued by IASB. Please see “Presentation of
Financial and Other Information—About our Financial Information” for further details. Financial institutions must have their financial statements audited every six months. Quarterly financial statements filed with the CVM must be reviewed
by independent auditors of the financial institutions. CVM rules require publicly-held companies, including financial institutions, to disclose information related to
non-audit
 services provided by independent
auditors when they represent more than 5% of the fees for audit services. Such information should include the type of service, the amount paid and the percentage that they represent of the fees for the audit of financial statements. Please see
“Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services” for further details about fees and services of the principal auditors.

Self-Regulators

We are signatories of self-regulation codes that establish principles, rules and recommendations of best corporate governance
practices and determined activities, as applicable. Some of the self-regulatory entities that we are subject to are the ABRASCA, ABECS, ANBIMA, and FEBRABAN, among others.

Portability of Credit Transactions

Regulated by the Central Bank since 2013, portability of credit transactions consists of the transfer of a credit transaction from the original
creditor to another institution, at the request of the debtor, maintaining the same outstanding balance and remaining term. The regulation establishes standard procedures and deadlines for the exchange of information and the mandatory use of an
electronic system authorized by the Central Bank for the transfer of funds between financial institutions, prohibiting the use of any alternative procedure to produce the same effects of the portability, including

so-called
 “debt purchases.”

Rules Governing the Charging of Fees on Banking and Credit Card
Operations

Banking fees and credit card operations are extensively regulated by the CMN and the Central Bank. According to Brazilian
legislation, we must classify the services we provide to individuals under
pre-determined
 categories and are subject to limitations on the collection of fees for such services.

Brazilian financial institutions are generally not authorized to charge fees from individuals for providing services classified as
“essential” with respect to checking and savings accounts, such as supplying debit cards, check books, withdrawals, statements and transfers, among others.

78

Table of Contents

Brazilian legislation also authorizes financial institutions to charge fees related to
“priority services”, a standard set of services defined by Central Bank regulation. Financial institutions must offer to their individual clients “standard packages” of priority services. Clients may also choose between these or
other packages offered by the financial institution, or to use and pay for services individually instead of selecting a package.

Current
rules also authorize financial institutions to charge fees for specific services called “additional services” (
serviços diferenciados
), provided that the account holder or user is informed of the use and payment conditions
relating to such services, or that fees and collection methods are defined in the contract.

The CMN also establishes rules applicable to
credit cards, determining the events that allow for the collection of fees by issuers, as well as the information that must be disclosed in credit card statements and in the credit card agreement. There is also a list of priority services. The rules
define two types of credit cards: (i) basic credit cards, with simpler services, without rewards programs and (ii) “special credit cards”, with benefits and reward programs.

A minimum of
30-days’
 prior notice to the public must precede the creation or increase of a fee.
In addition, fees related to priority services may only be increased 180 days after the date of a previous increase (the reduction of a fee can take place at any time). With respect to credit cards, a

45-days’
 prior notice to the public is required for any increase or creation of fees and such fees may only be increased 365 days after the previous increase. The period of 365 days is also subject to
changes in the rules applicable to benefit or reward programs.

At the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017, two major changes occurred
in the Brazilian payment market. In December 2016 a provisional measure was published authorizing the surcharge by payment instrument as a way to stimulate retail sales, allowing retailers to charge different prices depending on the payment method.
In January 2017 the CMN published a new resolution establishing that revolving credit for the financing of credit card bills may only be extended to clients until the due date of the following credit card bill. After such term, the credit provider
must offer the client another type of financing with conditions more favorable than the ones that are provided in the credit card market. In addition, the credit provider shall no longer offer this type of credit to clients that already contracted
revolving credit for the financing of credit card bills which were not repaid on time.

In 2018, the CMN issued a new resolution
establishing that the following fees may be collected in the event of late payment or settlement of obligations related to credit card bills and other postpaid payment instruments: (i) compensatory interest, per day of delay, on overdue
installments or on unpaid debtor balances; (ii) a fine and (iii) interest for late payment.

The same resolution also
established that the change in credit limits, if not carried out at the request of the customer, should, in the case of: (i) reduction, be preceded by at least
30-days’
 advance notice to the client,
except if there is a deterioration of the customer’s credit risk profile, according to the criteria defined in the credit risk management policy, in which case notice may be made at any time prior to the reduction; and (ii) increase, be
conditioned upon the customer’s prior acquiescence.

In 2019, the CMN issued a standard setting rules for the collection of interest
and tariff on overdraft for individuals and Individual Microentrepreneurs (entrepreneurs with annual revenues of R$81,000 and subject to specific legislation). According to the new regulation, can only be charged for use of overdraft limit exceeding
R$500.00.

Brazilian financial institutions must maintain the secrecy of banking transactions and services provided to their clients.
Except as permitted under Brazilian legislation or by judicial order, a breach of bank secrecy is a criminal offense. The only circumstances in which information about clients, services or transactions by Brazilian financial institutions or credit
card companies may be disclosed to third parties are the following:

the disclosure of information with the express consent of the interested parties;   the exchange of
information between financial institutions for record purposes;

79

Table of Contents

the disclosure of information to credit reference agencies based on data from the records
of subscribers of checks drawn on accounts without sufficient funds and defaulting debtors;   the disclosure of
information to the competent authorities relating to the actual or suspected occurrence of criminal acts or administrative wrongdoings, including the disclosure of information on transactions involving funds related to any unlawful activities;
the disclosure of some information established by law to tax authorities; and   the disclosure of
information in compliance with a judicial order.

Digitalization of Documents and Record Keeping

According to CMN’s resolution on the digitalization of documents with respect to transactions carried out by financial institutions and
other institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank, these institutions are authorized to maintain digital documents, instead of paper documents, for recordkeeping purposes, if certain requirements to ensure the documents authenticity,
validity and protection are met. The resolution also permits the disposal of original paper documents provided that this measure will not prejudice the institution’s ability to exercise any rights or to commence any proceeding or exercise any
protective remedy related to the relevant document.

Dividends and other payments by financial institutions during the

COVID-19
 pandemic

On May 29, 2020 the CMN enacted Resolution No. 4,820, in response
to the
COVID-19
 pandemic, which prohibited financial institutions, such as us, to: (i) remunerate their own capital, including by means of early payment, in excess of amounts equivalent to the minimum
mandatory dividend required by Law No. 6,404/76 (the “Brazilian Corporation Law”), including as interest on capital (ii) repurchase their own shares, subject to certain exceptions as authorized by the Central Bank (restriction
applicable until December 31, 2020); (iii) reduce their capital stock, except if such reduction is required by law or approved by the Central Bank (restriction applicable until December 31, 2020); and (iv) increase the compensation of
their officers, directors and members of the board of directors and audit committee, including fixed and variable compensation with respect to 2020 fiscal year. CMN Resolution No. 4,280 repealed CMN Resolution No. 4,797 of April 6,
2020, that had previously established similar restrictions.

On December 23, 2020, the CMN enacted Resolution 4,885, which modified
Resolution No. 4,820 in order to provide more flexibility for the payment of dividends or interest on capital. As a result, financial institutions are not allowed to pay dividends in excess of the greater of (x) the amount corresponding to
30% of the adjusted net profit in accordance with item I of article 202 of the Brazilian Corporation Law; and (y) the amount equivalent to the mandatory dividends as set forth in article 202 of the Brazilian Corporation Law. This is the only
restriction still in force as a result of Resolution No. 4,820/20.

Public Consultation to Replace Prudential Regulation Referring to Credit and
Market Risk

On December 11, 2020, the Central Bank launched a public consultation on a proposal for a regulation that implements
the minimum standard of the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision (BCBS) for calculating the capital requirement related to credit risk according to standardized approach (RWACPAD). This new regulation will replace Central Bank Circular
No. 3,644, of March 4, 2013, pursuant to “Basel III” requirements.

The proposal increases the granularity of the
weights applicable to exposures, bringing refinements in the differentiation in credit risk to the prudential framework. The proposal is addressed to financial institutions classified in Segments 1 (S1) to Segment 4 (S4), which currently opt for the
standardized approach for credit risk. The consultation ended on February 23, 2021 and the final rule is still pending issuance.

On
December 11, 2020, the Central Bank also launched a public consultation on a proposal for a rule contemplating the first phase – of a total of four planned phases – of the process of reviewing the prudential standard for determining
the capital requirement related to market risk, as provided for in Basel III. This first phase contains the requirements related to the risk management process, including improvements in governance and the identification of financial instruments
classified in the trading portfolio.

Under the terms proposed in the consultation, the first phase will come into effect on
January 1, 2022, through amendments to Resolution 4,557, of February 23, 2017, and the publication of a new rule that will replace Circular No. 3,354, of 27 June 2007. The consultation ended on February 9, 2021 and the final
rule is still pending issuance. The Central Bank expects to launch new public consultations relating to Phases 2 and 3 throughout 2021.

80

Table of Contents

Proceedings for Administrative Sanctions in the Brazilian National Financial System, the SPB and Capital
Markets

Law No. 13,506 provides for administrative sanctioning procedures by the Central Bank and the CVM. Some of the key
aspects of Law No. 13,506 are: (i) it increases the maximum fine applicable by the Central Bank from R$250 thousand to R$2 billion or 0.5% of the revenues of the company arising from services and financial products in the year
prior to the violation; (ii) it increases the maximum fine applicable by the CVM from R$500 thousand to R$50 million; (iii) it sets forth new types of violations and subject to penalties; (iv) it increases the maximum
penalty with respect to disqualification to a period of twenty years; (v) it provides that the Central Bank may enter into
cease-and-desist
 commitments; and
(vi) it provides that the Central Bank and the CVM may enter into administrative agreements similar to leniency agreements.

Centralized
Registration and Deposit of Financial Assets and Securities

Law No. 13,476/2017, Law No. 12,810/2013, as amended, and
consolidated the provisions on the creation of liens over financial assets and securities requiring that the constitution of liens on financial assets and securities subject to registration or centralized deposit be carried out exclusively at the
registering entities or at the central depositories where such financial assets or securities are registered or deposited, regardless of the nature of the legal transaction to which they relate to, including for purposes of publicity and
effectiveness with third parties.

The CMN issued a rule to regulate the provisions of Law No. 13,476/2017 and to consolidate the
regulation on centralized deposit and the registry of financial assets and securities issued or owned by institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank, requiring, amongst other provisions, that such institutions be generally, subject to
limited exceptions, obligated to: (i) register and deposit, in registration and/or centralized deposit systems authorized to operate by the Central Bank or the CVM, all financial assets and securities they are obligated or
co-obligated
 to pay; and (ii) only keep in their asset portfolio securities that are registered and/or deposited in the terms of the CMN rule.

On September 5, 2018, the Central Bank issued a new rule amending the existing procedural rule on centralized registration and
deposit of financial assets and securities and the creation of liens on deposited financial assets and established the terms for the creation of liens over financial assets registered with registering entities. The referred rule established, amongst
other changes, that such liens are effective in the moment that the central depositary accepts the command from its participant, pursuant to its internal regulations.

Taxation of closed investment funds

MP
806/17 issued on October 30, 2017, which intended to extinguish the tax deferral regime applicable to closely held investment funds and subject them to taxation, was not converted into law. As a consequence, it was repealed.

Taxes on Transactions entered into by the Itaú Unibanco Group

We summarize below the main taxes levied on the transactions entered into by entities in the Itaú Unibanco Group in Brazil. This
description does not represent a comprehensive analysis of all tax considerations applicable to the Itaú Unibanco Group. For a more
in-depth
 analysis, we recommend that potential investors consult their
own tax advisors. The main taxes we are subject to, with their respective rates, are as follows:

Tax   Rate   Tax calculation basis
IRPJ   15.0% plus a 10.0% surtax   Net income with adjustments (exclusions, additions, and deductions)

81

Table of Contents

CSLL   20.0% (financial institutions, insurance
companies and capitalization entities) or 9.0% (other Itaú Unibanco Group companies). 25.0% (banking institutions) and 20.0% (other institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank and insurance and capitalization companies) as of
July 1, 2021 and until December 31, 2021. From January 1, 2019 to
February 2020, the CSLL tax rate, as defined below, applicable to financial institutions, insurance companies, capitalization and similar entities was reduced to 15.0%   Net income with adjustments (exclusions, additions, and deductions)
COFINS   4.0% (financial institutions, insurance companies, capitalization and similar entities) or 7.6% (other Itaú Unibanco Group
companies)   Gross revenue minus specific deductions
PIS   0.65% (financial institutions, insurance companies, capitalization and similar entities) or 1.65% (other Itaú Unibanco Group
companies)   Gross revenue minus specific deductions
ISS   2.0% to 5.0%   Price of service rendered
IOF   Depends on the type of the transaction, as described below.   Transaction nominal value

Corporate Income Tax and Social Contribution on Net Income

In accordance with applicable legislation, corporate income tax (
Imposto de Renda da Pessoa Jurídica, or IRPJ
), and social
contribution on profits (
Contribuição Social Sobre o Lucro Líquido, or CSLL
) are determined by the taxable income regime. Under this regime, our taxable income, on which IRPJ and CSLL will be levied, must be adjusted by
additions, deductions, and exclusions, such as nondeductible expenses, operating costs and equity accounting, respectively.

The IRPJ is
levied at a basic 15.0% rate, and a 10.0% surtax is applicable when the total amount of profit for the fiscal period exceeds R$20,000 per month or R$240,000 per year. In other words, any portion of our profit exceeding this limit is taxed at an
effective 25.0% rate.

The CSLL is levied on our taxable income at a 20.0% rate, which is specific for financial institutions, insurance,
and similar companies. From January 1, 2019 to February 2020, the CSLL rate for financial institutions is 15.0%. Note that this tax is generally levied at a 9.0% for
non-financial
 legal entities.
Provisional Measure No. 1,034 increased the CSLL (i) for banking institutions from 20.0% to 25.0%; (ii) for other institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank from 15.0% to 20.0%; and (iii) for insurance and capitalization
companies from 15.0% to 20.0% from July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. These modifications were introduced by a provisional measure and are awaiting approval of the Brazilian Congress.

As other Brazilian legal entities, our companies may offset the historical nominal amount of tax losses determined in prior years against
results of subsequent years at any time (i.e., with no limitations with respect to time periods), provided that such offsetting does not exceed 30.0% of the annual taxable income of such future year. For purposes of IRPJ and CSLL taxation, companies
should consider their income abroad as well rather than income solely from Brazilian operations. Therefore, profits, capital gains and other income earned abroad by Itaú Unibanco Group entities in Brazil, their branches, representations,
affiliates or subsidiaries, will also be computed for determination of the entities taxable income. However, Brazilian legislation provides the possibility of deducting the amounts paid as corporate income tax abroad against the IRPJ and CSLL due in
Brazil, provided certain limits are observed.

Contribution on Social Integration Program and Social Security Financing Contribution

82

Table of Contents

In addition to IRPJ and CSLL, Brazilian legal entities are subject to the following taxes on
revenue: PIS and COFINS.

According to applicable legislation, financial institutions are subject to the cumulative regime for calculation
of these taxes. Under the cumulative regime, financial institutions are required to pay PIS at a 0.65% rate and COFINS at a 4.0% rate. The cumulative regime provides for rates lower than those levied under the

non-cumulative
 regime, which is explained below, but it prevents the use of tax credits.

Service Tax

The ISS is generally levied on the price of services rendered (e.g., banking services) and is charged by the municipality where our branch or
office rendering the service is located. The tax rates vary from 2.0% up to the maximum rate of 5.0%, depending on the municipality in which the service is provided and its respective nature.

A new tax law enacted on December 30, 2016, caused a number of changes with respect to Brazilian Tax on Service, or ISS. Among these
modifications, the new law introduced a minimum tax rate of 2%.

The original proposed legislation approved by the Brazilian Congress
provided changes related to ISS assessment on activities such as credit card and leasing operations but former President Temer vetoed these changes. However, on May 30, 2017, the Brazilian Congress overturned the presidential veto. As a result,
beginning on January 1, 2018, ISS levied on the services of leasing, cards administration, funds administration and consortium administration would be charged by the municipality where the client is located. Due to this change, in November
2017, a lawsuit was filed by CONSIF and CNSEG in the Federal Supreme Court, and, on March, 23, 2018, the required preliminary injunction was granted, in order to suspend the amendment introduced by the new law and to resume the previous
treatment of ISS collection in the Municipality where the establishment is located. However, it is important to mention that this is not a final decision, as it is still pending the final pronouncement by the Federal Supreme Court.

A law was published in September 2020 which provides for changes in relation to the Services Tax that are similar to those provided for in the
legislation published in December 2016. Considering the injunction obtained in the Supreme Federal Court, on March 23, 2018, which suspended the amendments introduced by the law published in December 2016, the new law published in September
2020 has its applicability suspended until the Supreme Court rules on the injunction, as it is related to the previous law.

Tax on Financial
Transactions

The tax on financial transactions is levied at specific rates according to the transaction in question, and may be
changed by a decree from the Executive Branch (which may become effective as of its publication date), rather than by a law enacted by the Brazilian Congress.

The table below summarizes the main IOF rates levied on our transactions. Notwithstanding, we note that IOF is a very comprehensive tax.
Therefore, for a more
in-depth
 analysis, we recommend that tax advisors be consulted accordingly.

Type of transaction   Applicable Rates (Rates may be changed by a decree enacted by the Brazilian government up to a maximum rate, as described below, which may become effective as of its
publication date)
Foreign exchange transactions   IOF/FX: zero to 6.38%
(depending on the transaction) Maximum rate: 25%
Insurance transactions   IOF/Insurance: zero to
7.38% Maximum rate: 25%
Loans and credit transactions   IOF/Credit: 0.0082%
(individual) or 0.0041% (legal entities) per day, until it reaches 365 days, plus a flat 0.38% rate Maximum rate: 1.5% per day
Securities   IOF/Securities: zero to
1.5% as a general rule Maximum rate: 1.5% per day

83

Table of Contents

Securities – Derivatives   IOF/Securities –
Derivatives: zero Maximum rate: 25%

U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)

FATCA attempts to minimize tax avoidance by U.S. persons investing in foreign assets both through their own accounts and through their
investments in foreign entities. FATCA requires U.S. withholding agents such as Itaú to provide information to the IRS regarding their U.S. account holders including substantial U.S. owners of certain

non-financial
 foreign entities, or NFFEs, and specified U.S. persons having an interest in certain professionally managed investment vehicles and trusts known as owner-documented foreign financial
institutions, or FFIs.

To the extent a U.S. withholding agent is not able to properly document an account, it generally will be required
to deduct 30% FATCA withholding on certain payments of U.S. source income.

U.S. federal income tax law has detailed rules for determining
the source of income. Different rules apply for each type of income. Interest and dividends, two of the most common types of income for investors, are generally sourced by reference to the residence of the obligor. Specifically, dividends are
generally treated as U.S. source income when paid by a U.S. corporation with respect to its stock, and interest is generally treated as U.S. source income when paid by a U.S. borrower of money.

The United States collaborated with other governments to develop Intergovernmental Agreements, or IGAs, to implement FATCA. IGAs with partner
jurisdictions facilitate the effective and efficient implementation of FATCA. The purpose of these agreements is essentially to remove domestic legal impediments to compliance with FATCA and sharing of information and to reduce burdens on FFIs
located in partner jurisdictions.

More than 70 jurisdictions have signed an IGA, including Brazil, the Cayman Islands, Switzerland and
United Kingdom. In addition, approximately 30 other jurisdictions are deemed as having an IGA in effect. Some countries signed a reciprocal agreement, meaning that the country (such as Brazil) and the U.S. will automatically exchange annually, on a
reciprocal basis, specific account holder information.

There are two types of IGAs – Model 1 IGA, where local FFIs are required to
implement account opening and due diligence procedures to identify U.S. accounts and report them to the local tax authority for exchange with the IRS (examples of Model 1 IGA countries are Brazil, Cayman Islands, The Bahamas, Peru and Colombia), and
Model 2 IGA, where local FFIs are required to implement account opening and due diligence procedures to identify U.S. accounts, but report such information directly to the IRS (examples of Model 2 IGA countries are Switzerland, Chile, Paraguay and
Japan).

The governments of Brazil and the United States entered into a Model 1 IGA on September 23, 2014, effective in Brazil on
August 24, 2015, after the approval by the Brazilian Congress, ratification by the President and enactment of Decree 8,506
(IGA-BR).

Under the
IGA-BR,
 Brazilian financial institutions and other entities subject to FATCA disclosure
requirements are generally required to provide certain information on their U.S. account holders to the Brazilian tax authorities, which will share this information with the IRS.

Furthermore, Normative Ruling No. 1,680, dated December 28, 2016, was enacted to introduce the

so-called
 Common Reporting Standard, or CRS, in Brazil, which seeks to implement a system of reporting financial accounts in a manner similar to FATCA. CRS is the result of discussions on the necessity of
exchanging information between tax authorities of many countries in the context of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, or BEPS Project, coordinated by the Organization for Economic
Co-operation
 and
Development, or OECD. In connection therewith, an ancillary obligation called
“e-financeira”
 provided by Normative Ruling No. 1,571, dated July 2, 2016, was created to be the mandatory
report filed by financial institutions in order to fulfill FATCA and CRS obligations.

Moreover, on May 6, 2016, Brazilian tax
authorities issued the Normative Ruling No. 1,634, effective as of January 1, 2017, that amended the regulation applicable to the National Registry of Legal Entities, or CNPJ. This regulation

84

Table of Contents

introduced a new rule providing an ancillary obligation by which certain entities have to indicate the “Final Beneficiary” in each CNPJ, which is defined as the natural person who
ultimately, directly or indirectly, owns, controls or significantly influences a particular entity or on whose behalf a transaction is conducted. Currently, this subject is regulated by Normative Ruling No. 1,863, dated December 27, 2018.

In addition, Normative Ruling No. 1,681 was enacted on December 28, 2016 providing the obligation to annually deliver the
so-called

Country-by-Country
 Statement, an ancillary obligation also arising from the discussions under the BEPS Project, before the
Brazilian Federal Revenue Service (RFB), which in its turn is also expected to exchange such information with other countries’ tax authorities.

Pursuant to FATCA, the issuer, any other financial institution or other entities subject to FATCA disclosure requirements to or through which
any payment with respect to the preferred shares or ADSs is made may be required, pursuant to the
IGA-BR
 or under applicable law, to (i) request certain information from holders or beneficial owners of
our preferred shares or ADSs, which information may be provided to the IRS; and (ii) withhold U.S. federal tax at a 30.0% rate on some portion or all of the payments considered “pass-thru payments” made after December 31, 2018,
with respect to the preferred shares or ADSs if such information is not duly provided by such a holder or beneficial owner (referred to under FATCA as a “recalcitrant account holder”). If the issuer or any other person is required to
withhold amounts under or in connection with FATCA from any payments made in respect of the preferred shares or ADSs, holders and beneficial owners of the preferred shares or ADSs will not be entitled to receive any gross up or other additional
amounts to compensate them for such withholding.

The above description is based on guidance issued to date by the U.S. Treasury
Department, including the final U.S. Treasury regulations and
IGA-BR.
 Future guidance may affect the application of FATCA to the preferred shares or ADSs.

4B. Business Overview – Selected Statistical Information

The following information is included for analytical purposes and should be read in together with our audited consolidated financial statements
and “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects”.

The data included or referenced in this section are presented in
accordance with IFRS, as issued by the IASB, unless otherwise indicated.

Average Balance Sheet and Interest Rate Data

The following tables present the average balances of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, other assets and liabilities
accounts, the related interest income and expense amounts and the average real yield/rate for each period.

The following methodologies
were used when calculating the average balances of our assets and liabilities presented in the following tables. For the 2020, 2019 and 2018 average balances, we used the monthly balances prepared in accordance with IFRS, as issued by the IASB.

The majority of our business is comprised of operations with individuals and corporate entities without significant fluctuations over short
periods.
Non-accrual
 loans and leases are disclosed as a
non-interest
 earning asset in the table below:

85

Table of Contents

Assets   2020   2019   2018
Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest-earning assets (1)   1,677,115   128,978   7.7   1,428,272   140,283   9.8   1,343,713   133,177   9.9
Interest-bearing deposits in other banks   52,958   1,102   2.1   30,728   1,173   3.8   26,174   1,080   4.1
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   274,811   9,832   3.6   258,763   16,197   6.3   265,218   17,365   6.5
Central Bank compulsory deposits   81,254   2,242   2.8   90,190   4,734   5.2   91,421   5,063   5.5
Financial Assets   537,764   36,327   6.8   432,618   36,100   8.3   402,846   34,661   8.6
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   308,867   15,716   5.1   259,318   22,760   8.8   248,274   22,853   9.2
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   94,763   16,982   17.9   56,415   10,758   19.1   53,948   9,194   17.0
Financial assets at amortized cost   134,134   3,629   2.7   116,885   2,582   2.2   100,624   2,614   2.6
Other Financial Assets   96,403   (28   )   (0.0   )   80,600   1,033   1.3   64,618   1,368   2.1
Loans and leases   633,926   79,503   12.5   535,374   81,046   15.1   493,436   73,640   14.9
Non-interest-earning assets   219,964   156,953   134,723
Cash and due from banks   42,186   31,964   26,616
Central Bank compulsory deposits   5,474   5,380   5,132
Derivatives   71,241   33,351   25,242
Non-accrual loans   23,317   22,777   22,419
Provisions for Expected Loss   (45,641   )   (35,152   )   (36,042   )
Premises and equipment, net   6,869   7,238   7,202
Investments in unconsolidated companies   15,335   12,544   7,730
Goodwill   3,928   10,970   11,109
Intangible assets, net   15,310   12,473   8,545
Tax assets   65,419   43,143   43,741
Assets held for sale   494   718   767
Other assets   16,031   11,547   12,263
Total   1,897,080   1,585,225   1,478,435

(1)   For the net yield on total average interest-earning assets, see “Net Interest Margin and Spread”.

Liabilities   2020   2019   2018
Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest-bearing liabilities   1,487,359   73,558   4.9   1,259,993   75,958   6.0   1,176,795   70,612   6.0
Interest-bearing deposits   569,449   17,478   3.1   394,787   18,559   4.7   357,684   17,484   4.9
Savings deposits   161,226   5,245   3.3   138,034   7,186   5.2   126,987   6,809   5.4
Deposits from banks and time deposits   408,223   12,233   3.0   256,752   11,373   4.4   230,697   10,675   4.6
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   287,212   10,690   3.7   299,225   20,473   6.8   308,306   20,889   6.8
Interbank market debt and Institutional market debt   307,600   37,278   12.1   256,057   20,068   7.8   232,802   20,359   8.7
Interbank market debt   174,466   28,878   16.6   155,977   13,231   8.5   135,357   13,587   10.0
Institutional market debt   133,135   8,400   6.3   100,080   6,837   6.8   97,445   6,773   7.0
Reserves for insurance and private pension and Liabilities for capitalization plans   220,274   8,121   3.7   212,972   16,720   7.9   193,908   11,815   6.1
Other interest-bearing liabilities   102,824   (9   )   (0.0   )   96,953   138   0.1   84,095   64   0.1
Non-interest bearing liabilities   262,081   180,954   158,960
Non-interest bearing deposits   112,519   76,865   70,205
Other non-interest-bearing liabilities   149,562   104,089   88,755
Total stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company   135,087   130,500   128,851
Non-controlling interests   12,552   13,779   13,829
Total   1,897,080   1,585,225   1,478,435

Changes in Interest Income and Expenses – Volume and Rate Analysis

The following table sets forth the allocation of the changes in our interest income and expense in terms of average volume and changes in the
average yields/rates for the periods indicated below. Volume balance and rate variations have been calculated based on variations of average balances over the period and changes in average interest yield/rates on interest earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities from one period to the other.

86

Table of Contents

Increase/(decrease) due to changes in:   Increase/(decrease) due to changes in:
2020-2019   2019-2018
Volume (1)   Yield/rate (2)   Net change (3)   Volume (1)   Yield/rate (2)   Net change (3)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest-earning assets   (8,828   )   (2,477   )   (11,305   )   8,639   (1,533   )   7,106
Interest-bearing deposits in other banks   (191   )   120   (71   )   163   (70   )   93
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   1,077   (7,442   )   (6,365   )   (416   )   (752   )   (1,168   )
Central Bank compulsory deposits   (431   )   (2,061   )   (2,492   )   (67   )   (262   )   (329   )
Financial Assets   13,117   (12,890   )   227   2,061   (622   )   1,439
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   5,873   (12,917   )   (7,044   )   2,059   (2,153   )   (93   )
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   6,829   (605   )   6,224   434   1,130   1,564
Financial assets at amortized cost   415   632   1,047   (433   )   401   (32   )
Other Financial Assets   252   (1,313   )   (1,061   )   563   (898   )   (335   )
Loans and leases   (22,652   )   21,109   (1,543   )   6,336   1,070   7,406
Interest-bearing liabilities   7,058   (9,458   )   (2,400   )   23,544   (18,198   )   5,346
Interest-bearing deposits   3,479   (4,560   )   (1,081   )   1,689   (614   )   1,075
Saving deposits   1,575   (3,516   )   (1,941   )   566   (190   )   377
Deposits from Banks and Time Deposits   1,904   (1,044   )   860   1,123   (425   )   698
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   (792   )   (8,991   )   (9,783   )   (624   )   208   (416   )
Interbank market debt and Institutional market debt   3,767   13,443   17,210   21,221   (21,512   )   (291   )
Interbank market debt   1,734   13,913   15,647   21,047   (21,402   )   (356   )
Institutional market debt   2,034   (471   )   1,563   175   (110   )   64
Reserves for insurance and private pension and Liabilities for capitalization
plans   594   (9,193   )   (8,599   )   1,247   3,658   4,905
Other Interest-bearing liabilities   9   (156   )   (147   )   11   63   74

(1)   Volume change has been computed as the change in the average interest-earning assets or interest-bearing
liabilities from one period to the other multiplied by the average yield/rate in the earlier period.

(2)   Yield/rate change has been computed as the change in the yield/rate in the period multiplied by the average
interest-earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities in the earlier period.

(3)   We allocated the net change from the combined effects of volume and yield/rate proportionately to volume change
and yield/rate change, in absolute terms.

Net Interest Margin and Spread

The following table sets forth our average interest-earning assets, total average interest bearing liabilities, net interest income and the
comparative net interest margin and net interest spread for the periods indicated below.

2020   2019   2018
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Total average interest-earning assets   1,677,115   1,428,272   1,343,713
Total average interest-bearing liabilities   1,487,359   1,259,993   1,176,795
Net interest income (1)   55,420   64,325   62,565
Average yield on average interest-earning assets (2)   7.7%   9.8%   9.9%
Average rate on average interest-bearing liabilities (3)   4.9%   6.0%   6.0%
Net interest spread (4)   2.7%   3.8%   3.9%
Net interest margin (5)   3.3%   4.5%   4.7%

(1)   Is the sum of total interest, similar income and dividends less total interest and similar expenses.

(2)   Total interest, similar income and dividends divided by total average interest-earning assets.

(3)   Total interest and similar expenses divided by total average interest-bearing liabilities.

(4)   Difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average rate on interest-bearing
liabilities.

(5)   Net interest income divided by total average interest-earning assets.

87

Table of Contents

2020   2019   2018
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Net income attributable to owners of the parent company   18,896   27,113   24,907
Average total assets   1,897,080   1,585,225   1,478,435
Average stockholders’ equity   135,087   130,500   128,851
Net income as a percentage of average total assets (1)   1.0   %   1.7   %   1.7   %
Recurring Managerial Return on Average Equity—Annualized—Consolidated (2)   14.3   %   21.1   %   20.5   %
Return on Average Equity – Annualized—Consolidated (3)   14.2   %   21.8   %   20.4   %
Average stockholder’s equity as a percentage of average total assets   7.1   %   8.2   %   8.7   %

(1)   Net Income attributable to owners of the parent company.

(2)   The Recurring Managerial Return on Average Equity is obtained by dividing the Recurring Managerial Result
(R$19,077 million, R$26,311 million and R$25,082 million in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively) by the Average Stockholders’ Equity adjusted by the dividends proposed (R$133,403 million,
R$124,436 million and R$122,070 million in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively). The resulting amount is multiplied by the number of periods in the year to derive the annualized rate. The calculation bases
of returns were adjusted by the dividends proposed after the balance sheet closing dates, which have not yet been approved at annual Stockholders’ or Board meetings.

(3)   The return on average equity is calculated by dividing the Net Income (R$18,896 million,
R$27,113 million and R$24,907 million in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively) by the Average Stockholders’ Equity adjusted by the dividends proposed (R$133,403 million, R$124,436 million and
R$122,070 million in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively). This average considers the Stockholders’ Equity from the four previous quarters. The quotient of this division was multiplied by the number of
periods in the year to arrive at the annual ratio. The calculation bases of returns were adjusted by the proposed dividend amounts after the balance sheet dates not yet approved at the annual shareholders ‘meeting or at the Board of
Directors’ meetings.

Assets

Portfolio of Securities and Derivative Financial Instruments

General information

We present below our
portfolio of Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Securities, Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income, Financial Assets at Amortized Cost and Derivative Financial Instruments as of December 31,
2020, 2019 and 2018.

The amounts exclude our investments in securities of unconsolidated companies. For further information on our
investments in unconsolidated companies, see “Note 2.4I – Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures” to our audited consolidated financial statements. Financial assets held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or
loss and Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income are stated at fair value and Financial assets at amortized cost — Securities are stated at amortized cost. Please see “Note 2 – Significant Accounting
Policies” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

As of December 31, 2020, we held securities
issued by the Brazilian federal government classified as “Government Securities – Domestic” with an aggregate book value and an aggregate market value of R$417,818 million and R$422,098 million, respectively, which
represented 273.16% of our consolidated stockholders’ equity as of that date. As of December 31, 2019, we held securities issued by the Brazilian federal government classified as “Government Securities – Domestic” with an
aggregate book value and an aggregate market value of R$324,673 million and R$327,681million, respectively, which represented 219.24% of our consolidated stockholders’ equity as of that date. As of December 31, 2018, we held
securities issued by the Brazilian federal government classified as “Government Securities – Domestic” with an aggregate book value and an aggregate market value of R$298,352 million and R$300,172 million, respectively,
which represented 199.49% of our consolidated stockholders’ equity as of that date. As of December 31, 2020, we did not hold securities of any other issuer the book value of which in the aggregate represented more than 10.0% of our
consolidated stockholders’ equity. This is due to our conservative asset and liabilities management and our liquidity in local currency maintained in securities issued by the Brazilian federal government. Additionally, securities issued by the
Brazilian federal government are accepted as deposits in our operations in the market on B3.

Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss and
Designated at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss—Securities

Listed below are the assets acquired and accrued which are either
available for sale in the short term or are part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are managed as a whole and for which there is a recent history of sales in the short term. Please see “Note 5 – Financial Assets at Fair Value
Through Profit or Loss and Designated at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss - Securities” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

88

Table of Contents

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018
Cost   Adjustments to Fair Value (in Income)   Fair value   Cost   Adjustments to Fair Value (in Income)   Fair value   Cost   Adjustments to Fair Value (in Income)   Fair value
(In millions of R$)
Investment funds   15,407   (1,203   )   14,204   9,277   (1,010   )   8,267   5,253   (927   )   4,326
Brazilian government securities (1a)   284,280   1,605   285,885   218,548   1,063   219,611   217,188   1,139   218,327
Government securities – abroad (1b)   8,199   11   8,210   1,541   (21   )   1,520   2,066   9   2,075
Argentina   1,480   18   1,498   349   (31   )   318   1,121   8   1,129
Chile   839   1   840   487   1   488   301   1   302
Colombia   3,599   4   3,603   399   10   409   207   —   207
United States   2,096   (11   )   2,085   141   —   141   117   —   117
Mexico   5   —   5   57   —   57   120   —   120
Paraguay   3   —   3   2   —   2   1   —   1
Peru   4   1   5   8   —   8   —   —   —
Uruguay   40   1   41   98   (1   )   97   84   —   84
Italy   133   (3   )   130   —   —   —   115   —   115
Corporate securities (1c)   78,113   (1,081   )   77,032   51,744   (1,102   )   50,642   38,953   (505   )   38,448
Shares   20,063   (1,016   )   19,047   15,459   (822   )   14,637   9,778   (332   )   9,446
Rural product note   2,371   (22   )   2,349   —   —   —   —   —   —
Bank deposit certificates   729   —   729   792   —   792   969   —   969
Real estate receivables certificates   561   (13   )   548   1,414   30   1,444   1,391   20   1,411
Debentures   30,022   (85   )   29,937   12,958   (303   )   12,655   5,147   (187   )   4,960
Eurobonds and other   2,341   42   2,383   2,178   (5   )   2,173   1,403   (7   )   1,396
Financial bills   15,784   (1   )   15,783   18,517   (3   )   18,514   19,724   —   19,724
Promissory notes   5,588   28   5,616   313   —   313   435   —   435
Other   654   (14   )   640   113   1   114   106   1   107
Total   385,999   (668   )   385,331   281,110   (1,070   )   280,040   263,460   (284   )   263,176

1)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Securities pledged as Guarantee of Funding of
Financial Institutions and Clients were: a) R$ 12.181 (R$ 28,759 at 12/31/2018 and R$ 30,114 at 12/31/2018), b) R$ 765 (R$ 329 at 12/31/2018 at R$ 131 at 12/31/2018) and c) R$ 8.556 (R$104 at 12/31/2019), totaling R$ 21.502 (R$ 30,245 at 12/31/2018
and R$ 30,245 at 12/31/2018).

We note that Brazilian government securities represented over 74.4% of our portfolio of
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in 2020. Brazilian government securities classified at fair value through profit or loss represented 14.3% of our total assets in the same period. Please see “Item 3D. Risk
Factors—Risks Associated with our Business—Credit Risks—We may incur losses associated with counterparty exposure risks, including the Brazilian federal government” for further details.

Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income

Listed below are financial assets that, according to our management’s understanding, may be sold in response to, or before changes in,
market conditions and are not classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables or held to maturity. Please see “Note 8 – Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income –
Securities” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018
Cost   Fair value adjustments (in stockholders’ equity)   Expected loss   Fair value   Cost   Fair value adjustments (in stockholders’ equity)   Expected loss   Fair value   Cost   Fair value adjustments (in stockholders’ equity)   Expected loss   Fair value
(In millions of R$)
Brazilian government securities (1a)   65,235   2,714   —   67,949   48,718   2,014   —   50,732   27,064   775   —   27,839
Other   36   —   (36   )   —   36   —   (36   )   —   36   —   (36   )   —
Government securities – abroad (1b)   34,365   38   (1   )   34,402   20,638   (64   )   (3   )   20,571   18,844   (70   )   (2   )   18,772
Germany   —   —   —   —   23   —   —   23   22   —   —   22
Colombia   3,913   73   —   3,986   3,851   27   —   3,878   5,491   14   —   5,505
Chile   21,639   12   —   21,651   11,119   89   —   11,208   7,647   7   (1   )   7,653
United States   3,751   (1   )   —   3,750   2,758   (2   )   —   2,756   2,634   (16   )   —   2,618
France   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   891   —   —   891
Italy   —   —   —   —   328   1   —   329   —   —   —   —
Mexico   1,180   1   —   1,181   —   —   —   —   —
Paraguay   3,008   (60   )   (1   )   2,947   1,957   (174   )   (3   )   1,780   1,601   (71   )   (1   )   1,529
Uruguay   874   13   —   887   602   (5   )   —   597   557   (4   )   —   553
Other   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   1   —   —   1
Corporate securities (1c)   7,799   (152   )   (56   )   7,591   5,308   96   (47   )   5,357   2,719   40   (47   )   2,712
Shares   1,640   (258   )   —   1,382   83   66   —   149   77   84   —   161
Bank deposit certificates   305   2   —   307   2,371   —   —   2,371   1,053   —   —   1,053
Securitized real estate loans   —   —   —   —   25   1   —   26   —   —   —   —
Debentures   956   (23   )   (44   )   889   387   (10   )   (43   )   334   44   —   (42   )   2
Eurobonds and others   4,895   127   (9   )   5,013   2,439   39   (1   )   2,477   1,542   (44   )   (2   )   1,496
Other   3   —   (3   )   —   3   3   (3   )   —   3   —   (3   )   —
Total   107,435   2,600   (93   )   109,942   74,700   2,046   (86   )   76,660   48,663   745   (85   )   49,323

(1)   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income—Securities pledged in guarantee of
funding transactions of financial institutions and clients were: a) R$ 35,203 (R$ 27,864 at 12/31/2018 and R$ 25,147 at 12/31/2018 ), b) R$ 2,398 (R$ 590 at 12/31/2018 and R$ 3,583 at 12/31/2018) and c) 518 ( R$ 237 at 12/31/2018 ), totaling R$
38,119 (R$ 28,454 at 12/31/2018 and R$ 28,967 at 12/31/2018);

Brazilian government securities and corporate securities
represented 61.8% and 6.9%, respectively, of our portfolio of assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income in 2020. Brazilian government securities and corporate securities classified as assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive
Income, which are used as a hedge for our subordinated debt portfolio, represented 3.4% and 0.4%, respectively, of our total assets in the same period.

89

Table of Contents

Financial Assets at Amortized Cost

Listed below are
non-derivative
 financial assets that we have the intention and financial ability to
held to maturity. Please see “Note 9– Financial assets at amortized cost – Securities” to our audited financial statements for further details.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018
Amortized cost   Expected loss   Fair Value   Amortized cost   Expected loss   Fair Value   Amortized cost   Expected loss   Fair Value
(In millions of R$)
Brazilian government securities (1a)   64,568   (44   )   64,524   56,355   (52   )   56,303   54,064   (58   )   54,006
Government securities – abroad (1b)   19,095   (14   )   19,081   17,226   —   17,226   6,700   (3   )   6,697
Colombia   500   —   500   335   —   335   356   (3   )   353
Chile   705   (1   )   704   621   —   621   256   —   256
Korea   3,951   (4   )   3,947   3,427   —   3,427   1,385   —   1,385
Spain   4,847   (3   )   4,844   4,984   —   4,984   2,411   —   2,411
United States   —   —   —   80   —   80   19   —   19
Mexico   9,042   (6   )   9,036   7,763   —   7,763   2,258   —   2,258
Uruguay   50   —   50   16   —   16   15   —   15
Corporate securities (1c)   46,141   (3,007   )   43,134   59,538   (2,601   )   56,937   49,631   (3,585   )   46,046
Rural product note   3,499   (25   )   3,474   5,388   (47   )   5,341   4,181   (178   )   4,003
Bank deposit certificates   30   —   30   54   —   54   123   —   123
Securitized real estate loans   4,806   (12   )   4,794   5,844   (2   )   5,842   9,876   (361   )   9,515
Debentures   34,849   (2,952   )   31,897   41,053   (2,532   )   38,521   29,001   (3,013   )   25,988
Eurobonds and others   209   (1   )   208   1,083   (1   )   1,082   4,005   (2   )   4,003
Promissory notes   2,023   (10   )   2,013   5,001   (3   )   4,998   1,069   (14   )   1,055
Other   725   (7   )   718   1,115   (16   )   1,099   1,376   (17   )   1,359
Total   129,804   (3,065   )   126,739   133,119   (2,653   )   130,466   110,395   (3,646   )   106,749

(1)   Financial Assets at Amortized Cost – Securities Pledged as Collateral of Funding Transactions of Financial
Institutions and Clients were: a) R$ 13.786 (R$ 24,988 at 12/31/2019 and R$ 24,988 at 12/31/2018), b) R$ 14.364 (R$ 17,457 at 12/31/2019) and c) with no amount as of that date ( R$ 8,860 at 12/31/2018), totaling R$ 28.150 (R$ 27,040 at 12/31/2019
and R$ 33,848 at 12/31/2018).

The fair value of Financial assets at amortized cost—Securities assets see “Note 28 – Fair
Value of Financial Instruments” to our audited consolidated financial statements.

Derivatives

Derivatives are classified on the date of their acquisition in accordance with our management’s intention to use them as a hedging
instrument, as determined by Brazilian regulations. Please see Note 6 – “Derivatives” of our audited financial statements for further details. Our derivatives portfolio (assets and liabilities) is composed of futures, forward, swaps,
options and credit derivatives, as stated in the table below:

As of December 31,
Derivative Financial Instruments   2020   % of total   2019   % of total   2018   % of total
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Assets
Options agreements   20,418   26.7   8,456   20.2   4,215   18.0
Forwards (onshore)   2,085   2.7   2,162   5.2   1,835   7.8
Swaps – adjustment receivable   46,019   60.2   26,458   63.2   13,093   55.8
Credit derivatives   156   0.2   167   0.4   120   0.5
NDF—Non Deliverable Foward   7,596   9.9   4,446   10.6   3,711   15.8
Others—derivative financial instruments   230   0.3   165   0.4   492   2.1
Total derivative financial instruments assets   76,504   100.0   41,854   100.0   23,466   100.0
Derivative financial instruments as percentage of total assets   3.8%   2.6%   1.5%
Liabilities
Options agreements   (20,262   )   25.5   (9,061   )   18.9   (3,929   )   14.3
Forwards (onshore)   (905   )   1.1   (754   )   1.6   (470   )   1.7
Swaps – adjustment payable   (51,789   )   65.1   (32,927   )   68.8   (19,516   )   70.9
Credit derivatives   (76   )   0.1   (40   )   0.1   (140   )   0.5
NDF—Non Deliverable Foward   (6,426   )   8.1   (4,971   )   10.4   (3,384   )   12.3
Others—derivative financial instruments   (47   )   0.1   (75   )   0.2   (80   )   0.3
Total derivative financial instruments liabilities   (79,505   )   100.0   (47,828   )   100.0   (27,519   )   100.0
Derivative financial instruments as percentage of total liabilities and stockholder’s
equity   3.9%   2.9%   1.8%

90

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2020
Distribution of our financial assets by
maturity   No stated maturity   Due in 1 year or less   Due after 1 year to 5 years   Due after 5 years to 10 years   Due after 10 years   Total
R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   33,251   152,183   196,903   58,715   20,783   461,835
Investment funds (1)   14,204   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   14,204   —
Government securities—domestic   —   —   95,904   2.9   147,370   1.9   28,054   7.8   14,557   3.2   285,885   2.9
Government securities—abroad   —   —   2,373   —   5,551   —   231   —   55   —   8,210
Argentina   —   —   1,250   1.0   235   10.8   9   0.1   4   0.3   1,498   2.5
United States   —   —   208   0.1   1,877   0.3   —   —   —   —   2,085   0.3
Mexico   —   —   —   —   —   —   4   8.8   1   11.7   5   9.4
Chile   —   —   350   0.0   296   —   186   —   8   8.9   840   0.1
Paraguay   —   —   —   —   —   3.4   3   4.2   —   —   3   4.2
Uruguay   —   —   32   1.1   2   7.6   4   7.5   3   14.7   41   3.0
Colombia   —   —   403   —   3,136   3.5   25   3.8   39   0.5   3,603   3.1
Italy   —   —   130   1.3   —   —   —   —   —   —   130   1.3
Peru   —   —   —   —   5   —   —   —   —   7.3   5   —
Corporate securities   19,047   18,770   23,729   9,315   6,171   77,032
Shares   19,047   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   19,047   —
Securitized real estate loans   —   —   2   0.3   205   0.2   7   0.8   334   1.4   548   0.9
Bank deposit certificates   —   —   729   1.2   —   —   —   —   —   —   729   1.2
Debentures   —   —   1,836   1.1   14,653   0.0   8,055   0.8   5,393   6.4   29,937   1.5
Eurobonds and other   —   —   488   2.6   1,173   4.5   529   7.1   193   14.6   2,383   5.5
Financial credit bills   —   —   11,443   0.2   4,078   0.4   11   —   251   —   15,783   0.2
Promissory notes   —   —   3,175   3.4   2,441   3.0   —   —   —   —   5,616   3.2
Rural product note   —   —   946   5.5   765   4.0   638   0.4   —   —   2,349   3.6
Other   —   —   151   0.4   414   0.5   75   0.3   —   —   640   0.5
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss—Government
securities—domestic—Brazilian external debt bonds   —   1,826   1,914   —   —   3,740
Derivatives   —   35,136   20,253   21,115   76,504
At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income   1,382   31,490   54,452   14,853   7,765   109,942
Government securities—domestic   —   —   10,456   5.3   38,065   8.8   12,094   10.6   7,334   11.3   67,949   8.9
Government securities—abroad   —   19,525   12,986   1,501   390   34,402
United States   —   —   3,749   0.0   1   —   —   —   —   —   3,750   0.0
Mexico   —   —   1,181   9.0   —   —   —   —   —   —   1,181   9.0
Chile   —   —   10,420   0.0   9,548   0.3   1,488   —   195   0.6   21,651   0.2
Paraguay   —   —   2,652   2.6   101   1.6   —   —   194   3.2   2,947   2.6
Uruguay   —   —   818   4.7   55   0.9   13   0.5   1   0.7   887   4.4
Colombia   —   —   705   1.6   3,281   2.7   —   —   —   —   3,986   2.5
Corporate securities   1,382   —   1,509   —   3,401   —   1,258   —   41   —   7,591   —
Shares   1,382   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   1,382   —
Bank deposit certificates   —   —   303   0.3   4   3.1   —   —   —   —   307   0.4
Debentures   —   —   —   —   46   —   843   1.9   —   —   889   1.8
Eurobonds and others   —   —   1,206   0.2   3,351   0.8   415   5.2   41   6.0   5,013   1.1
At Amortized Cost   —   37,672   55,070   23,697   10,300   126,739
Government securities—domestic   —   —   18,311   12.3   29,912   26.1   8,005   1.7   8,296   15.9   64,524   17.9
Government securities—abroad   —   14,323   4,382   356   20   19,081
Colombia   —   —   500   0.1   —   —   —   —   —   —   500   0.1
Chile   —   —   180   2.1   168   2.9   356   7.1   —   —   704   4.8
Korea   —   —   1,329   0.6   2,618   0.3   —   —   —   —   3,947   0.4
Spain   —   —   3,248   0.7   1,596   0.2   —   —   —   —   4,844   0.6
Mexico   —   —   9,036   5.3   —   —   —   —   —   —   9,036   5.3
Uruguay   —   —   30   —   —   —   —   —   20   —   50   —
Corporate securities   —   5,038   20,776   15,336   1,984   43,134
Rural product note   —   —   891   3.3   1,956   0.9   627   0.4   —   —   3,474   1.5
Bank deposit certificates   —   0.1   —   —   30   0.2   —   —   —   —   30   0.2
Securitized real estate loans   —   —   229   1.1   2,013   1.7   1,898   0.3   654   0.1   4,794   0.9
Debentures   —   —   3,299   10.6   14,489   1.5   12,779   2.9   1,330   12.5   31,897   3.5
Eurobonds and other   —   —   85   0.2   123   0.9   —   —   —   —   208   0.6
Promissory notes   —   —   481   10.0   1,520   4.2   12   3.8   —   —   2,013   5.6
Other   —   —   53   —   645   —   20   —   —   —   718   —

(1)   Average yields are not shown for these securities, as such yields are not meaningful because future yields are
not quantifiable. These securities have been excluded from the calculation of the total yield.

91

Table of Contents

Securities   Derivatives
Distribution of our financial assets by currency   Amortized Cost   Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   Fair Value Through other Comprehensive Income   Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   Total
(In millions of R$)
As of December 31, 2020   126,739   389,071   109,942   76,504   702,256
Denominated in Brazilian currency   100,083   360,885   46,704   9,794   517,466
Denominated in Brazilian currency and indexed by foreign currency (1)   —   4,833   2,298   8,436   15,567
Denominated in foreign currency (1)   26,656   23,353   60,940   58,274   169,223
As of December 31, 2019   130,466   281,075   76,660   41,854   530,055
Denominated in Brazilian currency   109,555   267,612   38,139   7,974   423,280
Denominated in Brazilian currency and indexed by foreign currency (1)   —   3,444   853   2,231   6,528
Denominated in foreign currency (1)   20,911   10,019   37,668   31,649   100,247
As of December 31, 2018   106,749   263,180   49,323   23,466   442,718
Denominated in Brazilian currency   82,191   248,921   14,055   9,321   354,488
Denominated in Brazilian currency and indexed by foreign currency (1)   —   3,242   801   2,526   6,569
Denominated in foreign currency (1)   24,558   11,017   34,467   11,619   81,661

(1)   Predominantly U.S. dollars.

For the purpose of analyzing the exposure of variations in foreign exchange rates, the table below presents the composition of our derivative
financial instruments as of December 31, 2020 in
reais
 and in foreign currency, including the instruments denominated in foreign currencies. For the notional amount of derivative financial instruments, please see “Note 6 –
Derivatives” to our audited consolidated financial statements.

92

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2020
Derivative financial instruments (notional amounts)   Brazilian Currency   Denominated in or linked to Foreign Currency   Total
(In millions of R$)
Swap contracts Buy (Sale) commitments, net   (2,941   )   2,941   —
Forward contracts Buy (Sale) commitments, net   2,090   13,138   15,228
Future contracts Buy (Sale) commitments, net   (92,969   )   (12,154   )   (105,123   )
Option contracts Buy (Sale) commitments, net   1,917   8,648   10,565
Others Buy (Sale) commitments, net   15,827   2   15,829

Reserve Requirements

Brazilian financial institutions are required to place reserves with the Central Bank. The reserve requirements are tools utilized by the
Central Bank to control the liquidity of the Brazilian financial system, for both monetary policy and risk mitigation purposes. These requirements are applied to balances on demand deposits, saving account deposits and time deposits. The below table
sets forth the required reserve for each type of deposit:

93

Table of Contents

Required reserve deposits   Regulation (1)   Yield   2020   2019   2018   2017   2016
Demand Deposits
Compulsory   Circular No. 3,917   Zero   21%   21%   21%   40%   45%
Rural (2)   Resolution No. 4,669   Zero   30%   30%   30%   34%   34%
Microcredit (2)   Resolution No. 4,861   Zero   2%   2%   2%   2%   2%
Savings Accounts (3)
Compulsory   Circular No. 3,975   TR + 6.17% p.a.   20.0%   20.0%   20.0%   24.5%   24.5%
Real estate financing (2)   Resolution No. 4,676   80% (TR + 6.17% p.a.)   65%   65%   65%   65%   65%
Time and Interbank Deposits Received from Leasing Companies
Compulsory   Circular No. 3,916   SELIC   17%   31%   33%   36%   25%

(1)   Most recent regulation on the matter.

(2)   This is a compulsory investment of resources that is made in eligible transactions, that is, the funds are
granted to other economic entities.

(3)   Remuneration on funds in savings deposits:

For deposits made until March 5, 2012, inclusive: TR + 6.17% per annum.

For deposits made after March 5, 2012: (a) If the target of the Selic rate is higher than 8.5% per annum: TR + 6.17% per annum; (b) If
the target of the Selic rate is lower than 8.5% per annum: TR + 70% of the target of the Selic rate per annum.

In 2020 the Central Bank
modified the rules of the reserve requirements that changed the amount of money in economy. The deductions from saving account deposits and time deposit aim to reduce the medium-term and long-term credit costs resulting from the economic effects of
the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

As of December 31, 2020, we recorded R$90,059 million in
compulsory deposits in cash compared to R$91,248 million as of December 31, 2019 and R$83,133 million in interest-bearing deposits as of December 31, 2020 compared to R$86,836 million as of December 31, 2019.

2020   2019   2018
Required reserve deposits   R$   % of total required reserve deposits   R$   % of total required reserve deposits   R$   % of total required reserve deposits
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Non-interest bearing deposits (1)   6,926   7.7   4,412   4.8   5,600   5.9
Interest-bearing deposits (2)   83,133   92.3   86,836   95.2   88,548   94.1
Total   90,059   100.0   91,248   100.0   94,148   100.0

(1)   Mainly related to demand deposits.

(2)   Mainly related to time and savings deposits.

Loan and lease operations

Most of our
loans are granted to clients domiciled in Brazil and are denominated in Brazilian
reais
. Additionally, 45.4% of our credit portfolio consists of transactions with fixed interest rates and 54.6% of our credit portfolio consists of transactions
with variable interest rates.

Indexation

Most of our portfolio is denominated in Brazilian
reais
. However, a portion of our portfolio is indexed to foreign currencies, primarily
the U.S. dollar. The foreign currency portion of our portfolio consists of loans and financing for foreign trade and on lending operations. Our loans abroad represented 34.4%, 34.1% and 35.6% of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2020, 2019
and 2018, respectively, see “Note 32 – Risk and Capital Management, 1.4. Maximum Exposure of Financial Assets to Credit Risk” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

Loan and lease operations by type

The
following table sets forth the distribution of our credit portfolio according to the type of loan and lease operations, as follows:

•   The Individuals portfolio consists primarily of credit cards, personal loans (primarily including consumer
finance and overdrafts), payroll loans, vehicle financing and residential mortgage loans;

•   The Corporate portfolio consists primarily of loans made to large corporate clients;

•   The Small and Medium Businesses portfolio consists primarily of loans to small and medium-sized companies; and

•   The Foreign Loans – Latin America portfolio consists of loans granted to individuals and companies by our
operations in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Paraguay and Uruguay.

94

Table of Contents

2020   2019   2018
Loan and Lease Operations, by type (1)   Loan   Allowance (2)   Loan   Allowance (2)   Loan   Allowance (2)
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   255,483   21,130   240,490   19,453   212,564   14,425
Corporate   134,521   7,953   100,789   6,885   102,643   9,367
Small and Medium Businesses   121,955   6,369   90,733   4,549   68,812   4,532
Foreign Loans Latin America (3)   202,145   12,870   153,779   6,621   152,072   5,185
Total Loan operations and lease operations portfolio   714,104   48,322   585,791   37,508   536,091   33,509

(1)   We classify all loans and leases more than 60 days overdue as non-accrual loans and we discontinue accruing financial income related to them. The contractual amount of non-accrual loans were R$22,611 million, R$23,555 million
and R$22,369 million as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The total of renegotiated loans in the balance of non-accrual loans reflected herein was R$5,944 million,
R$4,092 million and R$4,973 million as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Non-accrual loans are presented herein in the appropriate category of loan and lease operations.

(2)   Comprises Provision for Expected Loss for Financial Guarantees Pledged R$907 million (R$837 million
and R$1,191 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018) and Commitments to be Released R$3,485 million (R$3,303 million and R$2,601 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018).

(3)   As of December 31, 2020 other than “Foreign Loans Latin America”, 20% of Corporate and 14% of
Small and Medium Businesses correspond to cross-border outstanding.

Loan and lease operations by maturity

The following table sets forth the distribution of our credit portfolio by maturity, including

non-overdue
 and overdue installments, according to the type of loan and lease:

Non-Overdue Installments   12/31/2020
Type of loan and lease   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non-Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   38,677   32,704   28,364   32,060   79,572   33,473   244,850
Corporate   12,434   20,632   20,749   22,385   51,695   5,246   133,141
Small and Medium Businesses   12,217   20,897   13,164   20,787   52,024   795   119,884
Foreign Loans Latin America   15,502   19,911   23,176   20,860   67,432   50,665   197,546
Total (1)   78,830   94,144   85,453   96,092   250,723   90,179   695,421

(1)   Includes R$8,986 million related to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Non-Overdue Installments   12/31/2019
Type of loan and lease   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non-Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   41,009   34,884   27,907   30,161   68,822   24,283   227,066
Corporate   12,307   12,508   16,894   16,334   34,716   7,199   99,958
Small and Medium Businesses   16,612   18,048   10,624   14,929   27,492   624   88,329
Foreign Loans Latin America   13,097   16,683   15,212   17,419   52,173   34,591   149,175
Total (1)   83,025   82,123   70,637   78,843   183,203   66,697   564,528

(1)   Includes R$8,454 million related to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Non-Overdue Installments   12/31/2018
Type of loan and lease   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non-Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   36,728   28,842   22,681   23,435   57,329   32,529   201,544
Corporate   10,224   11,813   14,912   14,748   36,995   12,056   100,748
Small and Medium Businesses   12,143   14,567   8,346   11,047   20,188   165   66,456
Foreign Loans Latin America   14,862   15,779   15,716   17,301   49,848   34,274   147,780
Total (1)   73,957   71,001   61,655   66,531   164,360   79,024   516,528

(1)   Includes R$8,786 million related to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

95

Table of Contents

Overdue Installments (1)   12/31/2020
Type of loan and lease   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans   Allowance for loan losses   Total net
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   1,313   728   748   2,008   3,996   1,840   10,633   255,483   (21,130   )   234,353
Corporate   463   331   241   127   175   43   1,380   134,521   (7,953   )   126,568
Small and Medium Businesses   413   196   172   398   474   418   2,071   121,955   (6,369   )   115,586
Foreign Loans Latin America   1,921   572   290   698   947   171   4,599   202,145   (12,870   )   189,275
Total (2)   4,110   1,827   1,451   3,231   5,592   2,472   18,683   714,104   (48,322   )   665,782

(1)   Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)   Includes R$ 13,625 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Overdue Installments (1)   12/31/2019
Type of loan and lease   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans   Allowance for loan losses   Total net
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   1,908   1,102   1,191   3,186   4,181   1,856   13,424   240,490   (19,453   )   221,037
Corporate   368   38   139   173   111   2   831   100,789   (6,885   )   93,904
Small and Medium Businesses   582   231   191   507   504   389   2,404   90,733   (4,549   )   86,184
Foreign Loans Latin America   2,146   646   344   643   673   152   4,604   153,779   (6,621   )   147,158
Total (2)   5,004   2,017   1,865   4,509   5,469   2,399   21,263   585,791   (37,508   )   548,283

(1)   Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)   Includes R$15,101 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Overdue Installments (1)   12/31/2018
Type of loan and lease   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans   Allowance for loan losses   Total net
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   1,596   886   941   2,347   3,116   2,134   11,020   212,564   (14,425   )   198,139
Corporate   568   281   631   176   236   3   1,895   102,643   (9,367   )   93,276
Small and Medium Businesses   478   207   155   390   466   660   2,356   68,812   (4,532   )   64,280
Foreign Loans Latin America   2,110   598   324   465   443   352   4,292   152,072   (5,185   )   146,887
Total (2)   4,752   1,972   2,051   3,378   4,261   3,149   19,563   536,091   (33,509   )   502,582

(1)   Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)   Includes R$13,583 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Loan and Lease Operations by interest rate

The following table sets forth the classification of our credit portfolio into fixed and variable rates, including
non-overdue
 and overdue installments:

96

Table of Contents

12/31/2020
Non-Overdue Installments   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non- Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   22,139   44,581   41,260   44,080   147,098   85,079   384,237
Fixed rates   56,691   49,563   44,193   52,012   103,625   5,100   311,184
Total (1)   78,830   94,144   85,453   96,092   250,723   90,179   695,421

(1)   Includes R$8,986 million related to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2019
Non-Overdue Installments   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non- Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   21,113   34,706   29,566   34,968   108,615   64,412   293,380
Fixed rates   61,912   47,417   41,071   43,875   74,588   2,285   271,148
Total (1)   83,025   82,123   70,637   78,843   183,203   66,697   564,528

(1)   Includes R$8,454 million related to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2018
Non-Overdue Installments   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non- Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   21,129   30,729   26,210   29,854   96,461   76,828   281,211
Fixed rates   52,828   40,272   35,445   36,677   67,899   2,196   235,317
Total (1)   73,957   71,001   61,655   66,531   164,360   79,024   516,528

(1)   Includes R$8,786 million related to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2020
Overdue Installments (1)   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   2,178   922   541   808   1,130   242   5,821   390,058
Fixed rates   1,932   906   910   2,423   4,461   2,230   12,862   324,046
Total (2)   4,110   1,828   1,451   3,231   5,591   2,472   18,683   714,104

(1)   Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)   Includes R$13,625 millon related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2019
Overdue Installments (1)   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   2,547   699   491   753   762   163   5,415   298,795
Fixed rates   2,457   1,318   1,374   3,756   4,707   2,236   15,848   286,996
Total (2)   5,004   2,017   1,865   4,509   5,469   2,399   21,263   585,791

(1)   Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)   Includes R$15,101 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2018
Overdue Installments (1)   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   2,484   792   962   617   702   387   5,944   287,155
Fixed rates   2,268   1,180   1,089   2,761   3,559   2,762   13,619   248,936
Total (2)   4,752   1,972   2,051   3,378   4,261   3,149   19,563   536,091

(1)   Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)   Includes R$13,583 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Loan and Lease Operations by economic activity

The following table sets forth the composition of our credit portfolio, including
non-accrual
 loan
operations, by economic activity of the borrower:

97

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2020 there was no concentration of loan and lease operations exceeding
10% of the total portfolio that had not been disclosed in a category of loan and losses.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018
Economic Activities   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Industry and commerce   163,784   22.9   129,998   22.2   115,225   21.5
Services   172,322   24.1   126,718   21.6   119,487   22.3
Individuals   340,433   47.7   302,382   51.6   271,991   50.7
Other sectors   37,565   5.3   26,693   4.6   29,388   5.5
Total   714,104   100.0   585,791   100.0   536,091   100.0

Loan and Lease Operations by concentration

The following table sets forth the composition of our credit portfolio by concentration with respect to the amounts owed by the debtors:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018
Concentration   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Largest debtor   7,243   1.0   5,389   0.9   5,193   1.0
10 largest debtors   37,863   5.3   29,340   5.0   31,564   5.9
20 largest debtors   54,812   7.7   44,712   7.6   47,433   8.8
50 largest debtors   83,438   11.7   71,965   12.3   73,358   13.7
100 largest debtors   112,333   15.7   97,695   16.7   98,675   18.4

Rating of the Loan and Lease Portfolio

The following table sets forth the rating of our loan and lease portfolio based on the probability of default for the periods indicated below.

98

Table of Contents

12/31/2020
Internal Rating   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total loans
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Lower Risk   501,463   13,172   —   514,635
Satisfactory   84,193   37,249   —   121,442
Higher Risk   1,552   15,822   —   17,374
Credit-Impaired   —   —   60,653   60,653
Total   587,208   66,243   60,653   714,104
%   82.2   9.3   8.5   100.0

12/31/2019
Internal Rating   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total loans
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Lower Risk   420,936   4,204   —   425,140
Satisfactory   80,106   17,871   —   97,977
Higher Risk   847   19,845   —   20,692
Credit-Impaired   —   —   41,982   41,982
Total   501,889   41,920   41,982   585,791
%   85.6   7.2   7.2   100.0

12/31/2018
Internal Rating   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total loans
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Lower Risk   385,846   4,536   —   390,382
Satisfactory   72,921   19,723   —   92,644
Higher Risk   859   12,635   —   13,494
Credit-Impaired   —   —   39,571   39,571
Total   459,626   36,894   39,571   536,091
%   85.7   6.9   7.4   100.0

For individual, small and middle-market companies, the credit rating is attributed based on application of
statistical models (in the early phases of the client relationship) and behavior score (used for clients with which we already have a relationship).

For large companies, the credit rating is based on information such as the counterparty’s economic and financial condition, their
cash-generating capability, the economic group to which they belong, and the current and prospective situation of the economic sector in which they operate. The credit proposals are analyzed on a
case-by-case
 basis, through an approval-level mechanism.

We strictly control the credit exposure
of clients and counterparties, taking action to address situations in which the actual exposure exceeds the desired one. For this purpose, contractually provided actions can be taken, such as early settlement or the requirement of additional
collateral.

The risk ratings are grouped into the following four categories:

(i)   Lower risk : probability of default (PD) lower or equal than 4.44%

(ii)   Satisfactory : PD from 4.44% up to 25.95%

(iii)   Higher risk : PD higher than 25.95%; and

(iv)   Credit-Impaired : loans classified in Stage 3

Non-accrual
 Loans

We consider a loan to be a
non-accrual
 loan if the payment of principal or interest is in default for
60 days or more. When this occurs, accrual of interest is no longer recognized.

Write-offs

99

Table of Contents

When there is no reasonable expectation of recovery of a financial asset, considering historical
curves, we carry out a total or partial
write-off
 concurrently with the use of the related allowance for expected credit loss, with no effect on our Consolidated Statement of Income. Subsequent recoveries of
amounts previously written off are accounted for as income in our Consolidated Statement of Income.

Information on the Quality of Loans and Leases

The table below shows our
non-accrual
 loans together with certain asset quality ratios.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018   12/31/2017 (2)   12/31/2016 (2)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Non-accrual loans   22,611   23,555   22,369   23,340   24,284
Allowance for loan losses (1)   48,322   37,508   33,509   36,469   34,525
Total loans and leases operations portfolio   714,104   585,791   536,091   497,719   494,851
Non-accrual loans as a percentage of total loans
(%)   3.2   4.0   4.2   4.7   4.9
Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans (%)   6.8   6.4   6.3   7.3   7.0
Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans (%)   213.7   159.2   149.8   156.3   142.2

(1)   Comprises Provision for Expected Loss for Financial Guarantees Pledged R$ 907 million (R$ 837 million
and R$ 1,191 million as of December 31,2019 and 2018) and Commitments to be Released R$ 3,303 million (R$ 3,485 million and R$ 2,601 million as of December 31,2019 and 2018).

(2)   Restated to take into account the effect of IFRS9, which we retroactively adopted as of January 1, 2016.

Impairment

The
requirements for assessing the impairment of financial assets are based on an expected credit loss model.

The expected credit loss model
includes the use of prospective information and classification of financial assets in three stages:

•   Stage 1 – 12-month expected credit loss: represents default events
possible within 12 months. Applicable to financial assets originated or purchased without credit recovery issues;

•   Stage 2 – Lifetime expected credit loss of financial instrument: considers all possible default events.
Applicable to financial assets originated or purchased without credit recovery issues and which credit risk has increased significantly; and

•   Stage 3 – Credit loss expected for credit-impaired assets: considers all possible default events. Applicable
to financial assets originated or purchased with credit recovery issues. The measurement of assets classified in this stage is different from Stage 2 due to the recognition of interest income by applying the effective interest rate at amortized cost
(net of provision) rather than at the gross carrying amount.

An asset will migrate from one stage to another as its
credit risk increases or decreases. Therefore, a financial asset that began in Stage 1 and migrated to Stage 2 and 3 may return to Stage 1, unless it was originated or purchased with credit recovery issues.

Allowance for Loan and Leases Losses (1)   12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018   12/31/2017 (2)   12/31/2016 (2)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet at the beginning of period   37,508   33,509   36,469   34,525   32,033
Write-offs   (13,638   )   (14,299   )   (13,547   )   (16,437   )   (19,974   )
Individuals   (11,764   )   (9,710   )   (8,520   )   (10,728   )   (12,103   )
Corporate   570   (868   )   (1,172   )   (956   )   (2,995   )
Small and Medium Businesses   (1,836   )   (2,011   )   (2,471   )   (3,648   )   (3,862   )
Foreign Loans Latin America   (608   )   (1,710   )   (1,384   )   (1,105   )   (1,014   )
Expected Loss with Loan Operations and Lease Operations   24,452   18,298   10,587   18,381   22,466
Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet at the end of period   48,322   37,508   33,509   36,469   34,525
Net Write-offs   (13,638   )   (14,299   )   (13,547   )   (16,437   )   (19,974   )
Ratio of Write-offs during the period to average loans outstanding during the period (%)   2.1   2.5   2.6   3.4   4.1
Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans and leases (%)   6.8   6.4   6.3   7.3   7.0

(1)   Receivables are partially written off based on an estimate of recovery on a portfolio level. The recovery of
receivables partially written off is the recovery on a contract level adjusted by the reduction in the estimate of remaining receivables of the portfolio. As of December 31, 2020 the recovery of loans were R$ 1.149 million. According to
the criteria applicable and published on our 2017 form 20-F write offs for 2017 and 2016 were respectively R$19,823 million and R$24,251 million. The recovery of loans for 2017 and 2016 were
respectively R$3,698 million and R$3,742 million.

(2)   Restated to take into account the effect of IFRS9, which we retroactively adopted as of January 1, 2016.

100

Table of Contents

During the year ended December 31, 2020, we wrote off a total amount of
R$13,638 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans and leases was 6.8%.

During the year ended December 31, 2019, we wrote off a total amount of R$14,299 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of
the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans and leases was 6.4%.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, we wrote off a
total amount of R$13,547 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans and leases was 6.3%. The decrease in loans written off the previous year, is a result of the adoption of a policy
of stricter selectivity in origination of credits.

During the year ended December 31, 2017, we wrote off a total amount of
R$16,437 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans and leases was 7.3%.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, we wrote off a total amount of R$19,974 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of
the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans and leases was 7.0%.

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses

The table below presents the details, by segment and class, as defined in the segmentation of our portfolio, of the allowance for loan and
lease losses, of this allowance as a percentage of the total loan and lease losses for the corresponding segment or class, and the percentage of the total loan and leases in each segment and class in relation to the total loans and leases.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018   12/31/2017 (2)   12/31/2016 (2)
Allocated allowance (1)   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans   Allocated allowance (1)   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans   Allocated allowance (1)   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans   Allocated allowance (1)   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans   Allocated allowance   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Individuals   21,130   3.0   35.8   19,453   3.3   41.1   14,425   2.7   39.7   14,830   2.9   38.9   14,790   3.0   37.7
Corporate   7,953   1.1   18.8   6,885   1.2   17.2   9,367   1.7   19.1   11,452   2.3   21.6   11,089   2.2   24.6
Small and Medium Businesses   6,369   0.9   17.1   4,549   0.8   15.5   4,532   0.8   12.8   5,404   1.1   12.1   6,366   1.3   12.1
Foreign Loans Latin America   12,870   1.8   28.3   6,621   1.1   26.2   5,185   1.0   28.4   4,783   1.0   27.4   2,280   0.5   25.6
Total   48,322   6.8   100.0   37,508   6.4   100.0   33,509   6.2   100.0   36,469   7.3   100.0   34,525   7.0   100.0

(1)   Comprises Provision for Expected Loan for Financial Guarantees Pledged R$ 907 million( R$ 837 million and
R$ 1,191 million as of December 31,2019 and 2018) and Commitments to be Released R$ 3,485 million( R$ 3,303 million and R$ 2,601 million as of December 31,2019 and 2018).

(2)   Restated to take into account the effect of IFRS9, which we retroactively adopted as of January 1, 2016.

Renegotiated loans include both loans for which the corresponding credit agreement’s original terms were amended
(amendments) and new loans originated in order to settle past due contracts or transactions with the same client (restructured loans). Amendments and restructured loans usually reflect changes in contract terms, rates or payment conditions.

Renegotiated loans return to
non-performing
 and
non-accrual

status when they are 60 days past due under the renegotiated terms, which typically corresponds to the borrower missing two or more payments.

The fact that a loan or lease has been renegotiated is also taken into consideration when determining the allowance for loan and lease losses
after the renegotiation. The past performance and the payment history of the client and the transaction, including the probability of another default for renegotiated transactions, are considered in our risk models in order to determine the
probability of default. This probability of default is generally higher than the probability assigned to similar transactions that have never been renegotiated. Another factor considered in determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan
and lease losses is the additional collateral to be offered by the debtor. The resulting allowance levels are compatible with the risk profile of each transaction.

Our renegotiated loan portfolio decreased to 3.4% of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2020, compared to 3.0% as of
December 31, 2019. At the end of 2020, the ratio of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance for loan and lease losses was 33.6% compared to 34.1% as of December 31, 2019.

Our renegotiated loan portfolio decreased to 3.0% of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2019, compared to 3.3% as of
December 31, 2018. At the end of 2019, the ratio of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance for loan and lease losses was 34.1% compared to 36.2% as of December 31, 2018.

Our renegotiated loan portfolio decreased to 3.3% of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2018, compared to 3.8% as of
December 31, 2017. At the end of 2018, the ratio of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance for loan and lease losses was 36.2% compared to 36.0% as of December 31, 2017.

101

Table of Contents

Our renegotiated loan portfolio increased to 3.8% of our total loan portfolio as of
December 31, 2017, compared to 3.6% as of December 31, 2016. At the end of 2017, the ratio of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance for loan and lease losses was 36.0% compared to 35.2% as of December 31, 2016.

Since 2013, we maintain our policy for the recovery of overdue loans, including loans already written off as losses, and to reduce losses, we
enhanced our collection and recovery initiatives. We also adopted a policy of stricter selectivity in origination of loans, which led to lower levels of delinquency and a decreased volume of renegotiated loans.

The tables below present an additional breakdown of renegotiated loans by portfolio, in segments and types, based on the type of modification,
as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

As of December 31, 2020
Renegotiated loan and lease operations   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   322   750   9,422   10,494
Corporate   82   434   3,342   3,858
Small and medium businesses   149   927   5,306   6,382
Foreign loans—Latin America   104   1,228   2,085   3,417
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   657   3,339   20,155   24,151

Renegotiated loan and lease operations   As of December 31, 2019
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   220   683   7,267   8,170
Corporate   60   182   3,661   3,903
Small and medium businesses   87   469   2,913   3,469
Foreign loans—Latin America   223   643   1,263   2,129
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   590   1,977   15,104   17,671

Renegotiated loan and lease operations   As of December 31, 2018
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   259   545   6,495   7,299
Corporate   43   767   3,906   4,716
Small and medium businesses   90   417   3,240   3,747
Foreign loans—Latin America   140   697   1,116   1,953
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   532   2,426   14,757   17,715

Renegotiated Loans

The following tables present an additional breakdown of renegotiated loans and leases by segment and class, as of December 31, 2020, 2019
and 2018:

102

Table of Contents

Renegotiated loan and lease operations   As of December 31, 2020
Impaired performing   Non-impaired performing   Impaired non- performing   Non-impaired non-performing   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   4,338   794   5,085   278   10,495
Corporate   2,648   516   694   —   3,858
Small and medium businesses   2,467   881   2,839   194   6,381
Foreign loans—Latin America   1,394   1,207   690   126   3,417
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   10,847   3,398   9,308   598   24,151

Renegotiated loan and lease operations   As of December 31, 2019
Impaired performing   Non-impaired performing   Impaired non- performing   Non-impaired non-performing   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   3,659   749   3,608   154   8,170
Corporate   2,619   195   1,042   47   3,903
Small and medium businesses   1,352   410   1,561   146   3,469
Foreign loans—Latin America   652   738   612   127   2,129
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   8,282   2,092   6,823   474   17,671

Renegotiated loan and lease operations   As of December 31, 2018
Impaired performing   Non-impaired performing   Impaired non- performing   Non-impaired non-performing   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   3,367   672   3,129   131   7,299
Corporate   2,459   748   1,447   62   4,716
Small and medium businesses   1,312   372   1,927   136   3,747
Foreign loans—Latin America   619   711   497   126   1,953
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   7,757   2,503   7,000   455   17,715

Year Ended December 31,
2020   2019   2018   2017 (3)   2016 (3)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Renegotiated loans (1) (2)   24,151   17,671   17,715   18,784   17,960
Allowance for loan and lease losses   8,122   6,027   6,414   6,756   6,315
Allowance for loan and lease losses/renegotiated loans (%)   33.6   34.1   36.2   36.0   35.2

(1)   Includes debt consolidation, deferment or any other arrangement that modifies the periods or conditions, of
operations originally overdue.

(2)   Renegotiated Loans Overdue over 30 days.

(3)   Restated to take into account the effect of IFRS9, which we retroactively adopted as of January 1, 2016.

103

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2020
Type of Loan   Total Renegotiated Loans   Total Allowance for Loan Losses   Allowance for Loan Losses/Renegotiated Loans (%)   Total Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (1)   Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (%)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Restructured Loans   18,819   6,312   33.5   5,187   27.6
Agreements   5,332   1,810   33.9   757   14.2
Total   24,151   8,122   33.6   5,944   24.6

(1)   Our redefaulted renegotiated loans are renegotiated transactions 60 days or more overdue.

As of December 31, 2019
Type of Loan   Total Renegotiated Loans   Total Allowance for Loan Losses   Allowance for Loan Losses/Renegotiated Loans (%)   Total Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (1)   Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (%)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Restructured Loans   13,957   4,452   31.9   3,198   22.9
Agreements   3,714   1,575   42.4   894   24.1
Total   17,671   6,027   34.1   4,092   23.2

(1)   Our redefaulted renegotiated loans are renegotiated transactions 60 days or more overdue.

As of December 31, 2018
Type of Loan   Total Renegotiated Loans   Total Allowance for Loan Losses   Allowance for Loan Losses/Renegotiated Loans (%)   Total Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (1)   Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (%)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Restructured Loans   13,096   4,173   31.9   3,681   28.1
Agreements   4,619   2,241   48.5   1,292   28.0
Total   17,715   6,414   36.2   4,973   28.1

(1)   Our redefaulted renegotiated loans are renegotiated transactions 60 days or more overdue.

The table below presents the changes in our loan and lease portfolio with loss event, including the changes of the renegotiated loans and
leases with loss event related to each year as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

Impaired loans   2020   2019   2018
(In millions of R$)
Balance at the beginning of the period   41,982   39,571   44,439
(+) Loan operations added   54,898   32,958   27,215
(-) Loans removed due to write-off   (13,638   )   (14,299   )   (13,547   )
(-) Loans removed due to total or partial pay-off   (22,589   )   (16,248   )   (18,536   )
Balance at the end of the period   60,653   41,982   39,571

Please see “Note 10 – Loan Operations and Lease Operations” to our audited consolidated
financial statements for further details.

Cross border outstanding

Cross border outstanding are monetary assets which are denominated in
non-local
 currency and exceeded
1% of our total assets in the case of transactions with foreign clients entered into by our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, the Cayman Islands, the Bahamas, Chile and Uruguay. The aggregate cross border outstanding breakdown of these
subsidiaries for the periods indicated below is as follows:

104

Table of Contents

Cross border outstanding   12/31/2020   %   12/31/2019   %   12/31/2018   %
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Cash and deposits on demand   46,078   2.3   57,735   3.5   32,104   2.1
Interbank deposits   151,233   7.5   98,175   6.0   97,069   6.3
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   16,436   0.8   16,777   1.0   17,453   1.1
Central Bank compulsory deposits   5,839   0.3   87   0.0   2   0.0
Financial assets held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss   25,651   1.3   28,051   1.7   28,691   1.8
Derivatives   67,284   3.3   41,666   2.6   27,638   1.8
Financial assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income   46,035   2.3   40,423   2.5   66,985   4.3
Financial assets at amortized cost   36,889   1.8   19,236   1.2   19,760   1.3
Loan and lease operations   74,155   3.7   68,370   4.2   63,460   4.1
Total outstanding   469,600   23.3   370,520   22.7   353,162   22.8

The aggregate cross border outstanding breakdown by country of these subsidiaries for the periods indicated
below is as follows:

Cross border outstanding by country   12/31/2020   %   12/31/2019   %   12/31/2018   %
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Bahamas   273,781   13.6   227,561   13.9   185,931   12.0
Cayman   99,642   4.9   91,226   5.6   113,555   7.3
United Kingdom   34,994   1.8   28,445   1.8   30,842   2.0
Chile   37,986   1.9   23,288   1.4   22,834   1.5
Uruguay   23,197   1.1   15,455   0.9   13,932   0.9
Total outstanding   469,600   23.3   370,520   22.7   353,162   22.8

Liabilities

Funding

Main sources

Our current funding
strategy is to continue to use all of our sources of funds in accordance with their costs and availability and our general asset and liability management strategy. In order to fund our operations, we intensified the use of the liquidity generated by
savings deposits, interbank deposits, debt in the interbank market and debt in the institutional market during 2020, 2019 and 2018.

We
also used Brazilian debentures subject to repurchase as a source of funding, reported as deposits received under securities repurchase agreements and offered to institutional clients as well as private banking, corporate banking and retail clients.
This funding is designed to provide increased profitability through higher spreads in our savings deposits and higher fees earned on market funds.

Our ability to obtain funding depends on several factors, including credit ratings, general economic conditions and investors’ perception
of emerging markets in general and of Brazil (particularly, current political and economic conditions in Brazil and government regulations for foreign currency funding).

Part of our long-term debt provides for the advance payment of the outstanding principal balance upon the occurrence of certain facts, as is
customary for long-term financing agreements. As of December 31, 2020, none of these events, including default events and
non-compliance
 with any financial covenant, had occurred, and we have no reason to
believe that any of these events are likely to occur in 2021.

Our main sources of funding are our deposits, which are split into demand
deposits, savings deposits, time deposits and interbank deposits. As of December 31, 2020, total deposits were R$809,010 million, which represented 58.8% of total funding. As of December 31, 2019, total deposits amounted to
R$507,060 million, representing 48.7% of total funding. As of December 31, 2018, total deposits amounted to R$463,424 million, representing 45.4% of our total funding. Our time deposits represent one of our major sources of funding
which, as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 accounted for 35.7%, 26.6% and 24.6% of total funding, respectively.

The table below
shows the breakdown of our main sources of funds as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

105

Table of Contents

Breakdown of the main sources of funds   2020   % of total funding   2019   % of total funding   2018   % of total funding
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Deposits   809,010   58.8   507,060   48.7   463,424   45.4
Demand deposits   134,805   9.8   82,306   7.9   72,581   7.1
Savings accounts   179,470   13.0   144,558   13.9   136,865   13.4
Time deposits   491,234   35.7   277,166   26.6   251,300   24.6
Interbank   3,430   0.2   3,021   0.3   2,675   0.3
Other deposits   71   0.0   9   0,0   3   0,0
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   273,364   19.9   256,583   24.6   330,237   32.3
Interbank market funds   156,035   11.3   174,862   16.7   134,670   13.2
Real estate credit bills   4,205   0.3   7,635   0.7   9,546   0.9
Agribusiness credit bills   14,285   1.0   21,204   2.0   18,013   1.8
Financial credit bills   43,589   3.2   65,433   6.3   37,928   3.7
Guaranteed real state notes   11,029   0.8   4,320   0.4   1,227   0.1
Import and export Financing   71,470   5.2   64,622   6.2   50,050   4.9
Onlending-domestic   11,457   0.8   11,648   1.1   17,906   1.8
Institutional market funds   138,308   10.0   104,244   10.0   93,974   9.1
Subordinated debt   74,916   5.4   59,462   5.7   49,313   4.8
Obligations on securities abroad   62,433   4.5   43,672   4.2   41,863   4.0
Raisings through Structured Operations Certificates   959   0.1   1,110   0.1   2,798   0.3
Total   1,376,717   100.0   1,042,749   100.0   1,022,305   100.0

Deposits by maturity

The
table below shows the maturity profile of our deposits as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

Deposits by maturity   2020
0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   Over 365 days   Total
(In millions of R$)
Non-interest bearing deposits   134,876   —   —   —   134,876
Demand deposits   134,805   —   —   —   134,805
Other deposits   71   —   —   —   71
Interest bearing deposits   235,728   80,456   59,955   297,995   674,134
Savings accounts   179,470   179,470
Time deposits   55,778   78,624   59,082   297,750   491,234
Interbanks   480   1,832   873   245   3,430
Total   370,604   80,456   59,955   297,995   809,010

Deposits by maturity   2019
0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   Over 365 days   Total
(In millions of R$)
Non-interest bearing deposits   82,315   —   —   —   82,315
Demand deposits   82,306   —   —   —   82,306
Other deposits   9   —   —   —   9
Interest bearing deposits   190,131   38,873   22,878   172,863   424,745
Savings accounts   144,558   —   —   —   144,558
Time deposits   44,855   36,928   22,675   172,708   277,166
Interbanks   718   1,945   203   155   3,021
Total   272,446   38,873   22,878   172,863   507,060

Deposits by maturity   2018
0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   Over 365 days   Total
(In millions of R$)
Non-interest bearing deposits   72,584   —   —   —   72,584
Demand deposits   72,581   —   —   —   72,581
Other deposits   3   —   —   —   3
Interest bearing deposits   176,329   36,857   22,062   155,592   390,840
Savings accounts   136,865   —   —   —   136,865
Time deposits   37,784   36,211   21,919   155,386   251,300
Interbanks   1,680   646   143   206   2,675
Total   248,913   36,857   22,062   155,592   463,424

The table below sets forth the maturity of outstanding time deposits with balances in excess of US$100,000 (or
its equivalent) issued by us as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

106

Table of Contents

(In millions of R$)   2020   2019   2018
Domestic   Foreign   Total   Domestic   Foreign   Total   Domestic   Foreign   Total
Maturity within three months   7,271   80,140   87,411   2,826   45,663   48,489   2,415   46,757   49,172
Maturity after three months to six months   20,413   19,896   40,309   1,716   32,547   34,263   1,750   18,810   20,560
Maturity after six months to twelve months   40,480   12,735   53,215   5,782   16,493   22,275   5,045   24,830   29,875
Maturity after twelve months   128,451   11,330   139,781   89,529   8,446   97,975   82,072   9,259   91,331
Total time deposits in excess of US$100,000   196,615   124,101   320,716   99,853   103,149   203,002   91,282   99,656   190,938

The following table sets forth the mix of the individual and corporate time deposits divided among our retail,
Itaú Personnalité, middle market and corporate markets (each expressed as a percentage of total time deposits) as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

2020   2019   2018
(%)
Retail   7.8   11.3   10.5
Itaú Personnalité   29.4   27.3   28.8
Middle market   30.1   29.2   27.9
Corporate   32.3   31.4   31.0
Institutional   0.4   0.8   1.8
Total   100.0   100.0   100.0

Other sources

We also act as a financial agent in borrowing funds from BNDES and FINAME, and lending such funds at a spread determined by the Brazilian
government to targeted sectors of the economy. We obtain U.S. dollar-denominated lines of credit from our affiliates, including Itaú Unibanco Holding – Grand Cayman branch, Banco Itaú Chile and Itaú BBA S.A. – Nassau
branch to provide trade finance funding for Brazilian companies. For further details on domestic lending and import and export financing, please see “Note 17 – Securities Sold under Repurchase Agreements and Interbank and
Institutional Market Funds” to our audited consolidated financial statements.

Short-term borrowings

Short-term borrowings are included in our balance in the line item “Securities sold under repurchase agreement.” The main category
for short-term borrowings is “Deposits Received under Securities Repurchase Agreements with Own and Third-Party Financial Assets”. The table below shows our short-term borrowings as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

As of December 31,
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   2020   2019   2018
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Amount outstanding   273,364   256,583   330,237
Maximum amount outstanding during the period   306,713   330,237   332,297
Weighted average interest rate at period-end (%)   2.9   5.3   6.7
Average amount outstanding during period   287,212   299,225   308,306
Weighted average interest rate (%)   1.9   4.0   6.5

4C.   Organizational Structure

We are a financial holding company controlled by IUPAR, a holding company jointly controlled by Itaúsa and E. Johnston. Itaúsa
and Cia. E. Johnston. Itaúsa is controlled by members of the Egydio de Souza Aranha family, and Cia. E. Johnston is controlled by members of the Moreira Salles family. See “Item 7A. Major Stockholders” for further information. For
further information about our significant subsidiaries as of December 31, 2020, see Exhibit 8.1 to this annual report.

107

Table of Contents

4D.   Property, Plant and Equipment

As of December 31, 2020, we owned and leased our principal administrative offices, which include office buildings in 9 different
addresses, comprising a total area of 403,968 square meters, located primarily in São Paulo, Brazil. Such offices include our head office, and a number of other administrative buildings, where administrative functions are performed, such as
commercial departments, back offices, wholesale and investment bank activities, and also our data processing center.

We lease most of our
bank branches at competitive market prices through renewable leases that expire from the second half of 2020 (currently under renewal under similar terms and conditions) until the second half of 2042.

As of December 31, 2020, we owned approximately 33% of our branches (including electronic service points, banking sites and parking lots)
and leased approximately 67%.

ITEM 4A.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 5.   OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated audited financial statements and accompanying notes and other
financial information included elsewhere in this annual report, and in conjunction with the information included under “Item 3A. Selected Financial Data” and “Item 4B. Business Overview – Selected Statistical Information.”
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from these discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set in
forth in “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 3D. Risk Factors.”

5A.   Operating Results

Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations

Our results of operations are affected by, among others, the following factors:

Macroeconomic Context

Global Context

Global economic activity is entering a broad recovery this year after the widespread recession in 2020 as a result of the
COVID-19
 outbreak and the measures taken to contain the pandemic. In 2020, GDP declined in many important economies:
-6.8%
 in the Eurozone and

-3.5%
 in the US. In China, GDP was up by 2.3%, a slowdown from a growth of 6.1% in 2019. However, vaccination is accelerating across countries and will allow a reopening in most economies. Also, continued
fiscal and monetary stimulus will keep supporting a recovery this year.

The spread of the

COVID-19
 pandemic remains a concern for the global economy, despite decrease in infection rates in most developed countries and the distribution of vaccines globally. The number of
COVID-19
 cases is falling across countries as winter (in the Northern hemisphere) and holiday outbreaks dissipate. In the U.S., cases, hospitalizations and deaths are falling in nearly all states, allowing some
easing of restrictions. In Europe, recent surges in the virus have been curbed, but some countries are taking new restrictive measures to avoid new waves. Vaccination campaigns have begun in several countries and the global vaccine supply is
expected to keep increasing in the second and third quarters of 2021.

In the U.S., congress approved a new fiscal stimulus of US$1.9
trillion in March 2021, which adds to the US$900 billion package already approved last December. Stronger fiscal stimulus, along with loose financial conditions and control of the
COVID-19
 through a
vaccination program, will boost economic growth. We forecast a growth of 6.7% for 2021. We also expect that “Bidenomics” will mean some regulatory risks but more predictable policies. In Europe, lockdowns still restrict activity in the
first quarter of 2021, but the improving pace of vaccinations in the second quarter of 2021 should allow the reopening. Vaccines, reduced political uncertainty with the Brexit resolution, and continued

108

Table of Contents

ECB (European Central Bank) and fiscal stimulus will be the basis for a recovery in 2021. We forecast Eurozone growth of 4.5% for 2021. In China, we expect growth of 8.5% in 2021.

Latin America Context

The
COVID-19
 pandemic led to a sharp deterioration in asset prices in emerging markets (including Latin
America), tightening financial conditions during the first half of 2020. The global recovery in the second half of 2020, the reduced U.S. policy risk, a dovish Fed and news on vaccines contributed to a rebound of asset prices during the second part
of 2020.

In Latin America, specifically, these factors are offsetting domestic uncertainties. Some countries in the region have recently
experienced an uptick in inflation, reflecting high commodity prices, past exchange rate depreciation and supply disruptions of some products due to the pandemic. But a wide negative output gap and stronger exchange rates are likely to keep
inflation under control in 2021, and monetary policy in the region is set to remain expansionary.

Activity in the region rebounded
strongly in the second half of 2020, but GDP is still below
pre-pandemic
 levels. As the
COVID-19
 contagion is reaccelerating in many Latin American countries, new social
distancing measures are being implemented (although less harshly than in the early stages of the pandemic). Still an above-trend GDP growth is likely in 2021, benefited by carry-over effect, high terms of trade and expansionary monetary policy,
factors that will more than offset an expected fiscal drag.

The table below shows the real GDP growth rates in seven Latin American
countries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, except as otherwise indicated.

Real GDP Growth
2020   2019   2018   2017   2016
(%)
Argentina (1)   -9.9   -2.1   -2.6   2.8   -2.1
Chile (2)   -5.8   0.9   3.7   1.2   1.7
Colombia (3)   -6.8   3.3   2.6   1.4   2.1
Mexico (4)   -8.2   -0.1   2.2   2.1   2.6
Paraguay (5)   -0.6   -0.4   3.2   4.8   4.3
Peru (6)   -11.1   2.2   4.0   2.1   4.4
Uruguay (7)   -5.9   0.4   0.5   1.6   1.7

(1)   Source: Instituto Nacional de Estadĺstica y Censos

(2)   Source: Banco Central de Chile .

(3)   Source: Banco de la República .

(4)   Source: Instituto Nacional de Estadĺstica y Geografĺa .

(5)   Source: Banco Central del Paraguay. GDP

(6)   Source: Banco Central de Reserva del Perú .

(7)   Source: Banco Central de Uruguay .

Brazilian Context

As a Brazilian bank with most of our operations in Brazil, we are significantly affected by the economic, political and social conditions in
the country. Brazilian GDP, which grew 1.4% in 2019, declined by 4.1% for the year ended 2020, primarily due to the economic effects of the
COVID-19
 pandemic. Quarterly comparisons show declines of 2.1% and
9.2% of Brazil’s GDP in the first and second quarters of 2020, respectively. GDP recovered by 7.7% in the third quarter and by 3.2% in the fourth quarter of 2020, primarily due to the fiscal response, the loosening of the monetary policy and
the gradual reopening of the economic activity from June 2020 onward.

109

Table of Contents

Source:
IBGE; Itaú

The number of new daily deaths caused by
COVID-19
 rebounded in the first
quarter of 2021 and surpassed the levels registered during the first wave of COVID-19. Deaths and hospitalizations are expected to recede as the vaccination campaign accelerates, allowing the economy to normalize. We forecast growth of 3.8% for
2021.

The widespread decline in inflation, due to the high level of idle capacity in the Brazilian economy and anchored inflation
expectations, created an opportunity for the Central Bank to start a monetary easing cycle. After reaching 14.25% per annum at the end of 2015, the Central Bank began to cut interest rates in October 2016. The SELIC rate reached 2.00% in August 2020
and remained at this level until February 2021 In March 2021, the Central Bank increased the SELIC rate by 0.75 percentage points to 2.75%. Bank lending as a proportion of GDP increased to 54.2% in December 2020 from 47.0% in December 2019.

Source:
Itaú Unibanco Holding and Central Bank

Inflation reached 4.5% in the year ended December 31, 2020, up from 4.3% in the year
ended December 31, 2019. Government-regulated prices (such as gasoline, health insurance, medicines, electricity, urban bus and others) increased by 2.6% in 2020 (from 5.5% in 2019), while
market-set

prices increased by 5.2% in the same period (from 3.9% in 2019).

110

Table of Contents

The Brazilian primary public accounts have deteriorated since 2014. To address the structural fiscal
imbalance, the Brazilian Congress approved a ceiling on government spending that will limit primary public expenditure growth to the prior year’s inflation for a period of at least ten years, effective as of 2017. Further, Brazilian Congress
approved a comprehensive social security reform and government started an asset sale program, creating conditions for a cyclical decrease of the public debt, while the primary result gradually improves. In 2021, Brazilian Congress approved another
round of temporary emergency expenditure to combat the economic effects of the
COVID-19
 pandemic, in exchange of measures to reinforce the fiscal adjustment framework that will help to limit mandatory
expenditure growth and to keep the ceiling on public spending feasible in the years ahead. The government also has a comprehensive reform agenda, the main examples being the Administrative Reform and the Tax Reform. However, these discussions were
temporarily put on hold due the
COVID-19
 pandemic. For more information on the
COVID-19,
 see “Item 3D. Risk Factors—Macroeconomic Risks—Domestic
Scenario.”

The weakened macroeconomic fundamentals coupled with the market downturn caused by the COVID
-
19 pandemic had, and
may in the future have, a negative impact on our performance across all our business units, particularly in the form of:

a)   an increase in loan and financing operations, especially for micro, small and medium-sized companies due to the measures adopted to mitigate the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic by the authorities in 2020 with the creation of programs
such as the Emergency Employment Support Program (PESE), National Support Program for Micro and Small Companies (Pronampe), Emergency Program for Access to Credit in the modality of guarantee (Peac-FGI) and
Working Capital Program for Business Preservation (CGPE . ) in the aggregate amount of R$24,169 million. Through timely monitoring of credit standards and client behavior, we maintained the usual course of our operations, despite these
adverse conditions, and we were able to help clients in their sustainable search for their financial rebalancing;

b)   with the purpose of treating indebtedness in a structured way and giving financial impetus to clients, we
established initiatives that allowed the extension of grace periods, terms and better interest rate conditions for individuals, and micro and small business clients. In March 2020, we stablished the Program 60+, which, among other measures, allowed
a 60-day grace period for defaulting agreements and in mid-April the Travessia (Crossing) Program. Travessia allowed the extension of grace periods between 120
and 180 days and terms of operations between 5 and 6 years, respectively, for individual and micro and small companies clients, under better interest rate conditions;

c)   a 28.05% increase in debt renegotiations and extension of terms for loan operations as the economic situation
changed, which caused our allowance for loan losses to increase by R$4,194 million, due to the increased level of risk and defaults as a result of changes in the financial perspectives of our clients and the visible deterioration in
macroeconomic variables. To fully reflect these risks on our loan operations, we adopted the expected credit loss model for provisioning of operations since the moment they are granted, and we update it periodically in accordance with macroeconomic
variables and the particular circumstances of each of our clients. In 2020, in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we changed the weighting for economic scenarios when measuring our provision for loan losses. As of
December 31, 2020, our coverage ratio was 319.9% compared to a ratio of 229.5% as of December 31, 2019, as a result of the changes in the macroeconomic variables and specific circumstances of each of our clients. Specifically, for the
expected credit loss of operations that have not shown any signs of deterioration so far (default or downgrading of the client’s rating), we increased our provisions for credit loss by 28.8% in the year ended December 31, 2020. Our credit
risk governance allowed us to respond rapidly to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our loan portfolio, permitting quick access to the information needed for discussions and decisions at the daily crisis
management forums;

111

Table of Contents

d)   the mark-to-market component of
our securities portfolio was reduced to -1.3% in the first quarter of 2020, partially due to exchange rate fluctuations and high price volatility in the markets in the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, influencing the measurement of items stated at fair value in their different levels;

e)   due to the COVID-19 pandemic, instability in the variable income market
was noted causing a migration to fixed income products, such as bank deposit certificates, as a response to a stronger demand from our clients for lower risk investments and products with higher liquidity. This movement resulted in an increase in
our Bank Deposit Certificates portfolio. Additionally, we experienced impacts on funding, as well as an increase in deposits. Please refer to the section “Item 4B. Business Overview – Selected Statistical Information – Liabilities
– Funding” for further details. With the purpose of mitigating any systemic liquidity risk, the Central Bank made credit lines available to financial institutions through repurchase agreements in foreign currency and the purchase of
financial bills with guarantee, leading to a total amount of R$30,547 million in these operations;

f)   increase in the recognition of deferred income tax and social contribution due to the greater volume of
deductible temporary differences recorded for the period. The COVID-19 pandemic reduced the projections for taxable income, however, it was not responsible for the generation of tax losses and social
contribution loss carryforwards; and

g)   increase in expenses with insurance claims related to COVID-19 of
R$104 million, mainly related to credit life insurance and life insurance.

In addition, Brazil implemented a large
number of regulatory changes, such as changes in reserve and capital requirements for financial institutions, as well as other macro-prudential policies. Please refer to the section “Item 4B. Business Overview—Supervision and
Regulation—Basel III Framework—Implementation of Basel III in Brazil” and to the section “Item 4B. Business Overview—Selected Statistical Information—Securities Portfolio—Compulsory Reserve Deposits with the
Central Bank” for further details.

Total outstanding loans provided by Brazilian financial institutions increased in year-over-year
real terms in December 2020, by 10.6%, after an increase of 2.1% in December 2019. Total new loans increased by 1.4% as of December 31, 2020, when compared to an increase of 9.1% as of December 30, 2019, both on an annualized basis. The
rate of
non-performing
 household loans decreased by 0.6 percentage points to 2.9% as of December 31, 2020 when compared with the same month in 2019. The rate of

non-performing
 loans to
non-financial
 corporations reached 1.2% in December 2020, below the level observed in December 2019 (2.1%).

The Brazilian
real
 depreciated against the U.S. dollar, with the exchange rate reaching R$5.19 per US$1.00 as of December 31,
2020, compared to R$4.03 per US$1.00 as of December 31, 2019.

Brazil’s current account deficit (comprised of the net balance from the trade of goods and services
and international transfers) totaled 0.9% of GDP as of December 2020. Brazil has maintained its external solvency, with US$356 billion in international reserves as of December 2020.

The table below shows real GDP growth, the inflation rate, exchange rate variation and interest rates in Brazil as of and for the twelve-month
period ended December 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, except as otherwise indicated.

112

Table of Contents

As of and for the Year Ended December 31,
2020   2019   2018   2017   2016
(%)
Real GDP growt h(1)   -4.1   1.4   1.8   1.3   -3.3
Inflation rate — IGP-DI (2)   23.1   7.7   7.1   -0.4   7.2
Inflation rate — IPCA (3)   4.5   4.3   3.7   2.9   6.3
Exchange rate variation (R$/US$) (4)   28.9   4.0   13.5   1.5   -16.5
TR (reference interest rate) (5)   0.00   0.00   0.00   0.00   1.98
CDI (interbank interest rate) (6)   1.90   4.59   6.40   6.99   13.63
Selic (overnight interest rate) 6)   1.90   4.59   6.40   7.00   13.65
Sovereign 5-year CDS (7)   150.9   107.7   207.9   165.0   291.3

(1)   Source: Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística , or IBGE.

(2)   Source: General Price Index – Internal Supply ( Índice Geral de Preços –
Disponibilidade Interna , or IGP-DI) published by the Fundação Getulio Vargas .

(3)   Source: Extended National Consumer Price Index ( Índice de Preços ao Consumidor Amplo , or
IPCA) published by IBGE.

(4)   Source: Bloomberg (cumulative rates for the period); positive numbers mean depreciation of the Brazilian real .

(5)   Source: Mortgage reference rate ( Taxa Referencial , or TR) published by the Central Bank. Data presented
in percentage per year.

(6)   Source: Central Bank. Data presented in percentage per year.

(7)   Source: Bloomberg (period-end). Sovereign credit default swaps or CDS is
a measure of country risk (and is measured using basis points).

Significant Accounting Policies

General Information

The preparation of
our audited consolidated financial statements involves certain assumptions that are based on our historical experience and other factors that we deem reasonable and material. Although we review these estimates and assumptions in the ordinary course
of business, the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations often requires our management to make judgments regarding the effects of matters that are uncertain by nature on our financial condition and results of operations.
The following section describes those aspects that require significant judgment or involve a higher degree of complexity in the application of the accounting policies that currently affect our financial condition and results of operations. The
accounting estimates we make in these contexts involve making assumptions about highly uncertain matters and actual results may differ from those estimated based on different variables, assumptions or conditions.

Use of Estimates and Assumptions

The
preparation of the audited consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the audited consolidated financial
statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue, expenses and gains and losses during the reporting period because the actual results may differ from those determined based on such estimates and assumptions.

All estimates and assumptions made by management are in accordance with IFRS and represent our best estimates made in conformity with
applicable standards. Estimates and judgments are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on past experience and other factors.

Please see “Note 2.3 – Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments” to our audited consolidated financial statements for
further details.

New accounting standards changes and interpretations of existing standards

Accounting standards applicable for period ended December 31, 2020

•   Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (IBOR Reform) Phase – I — Amendments to IFRS 9 — Financial
Instruments, IAS 39 — Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and IFRS 7 — Financial Instruments: Disclosures — Due

113

Table of Contents

to the changes in the interest rates used as market references – IBOR (Interbank Offered Rate), that will be terminated in future periods, there may be uncertainties in the evaluation of
hedge accounting structures. Regulatory changes aim at minimizing possible impacts on these structures in the current scenario of pre-replacement of rates. The regulatory exemption setting forth that these
rates will not be replaced during the period of uncertainty in the analysis of hedge accounting relationships will be applied. These changes are effective for the years beginning January 1, 2020 and they will be applied until the effective
replacement of IBORs occurs or until the hedge accounting relationships are discontinued. No significant impacts have been identified in the hedge accounting structures for our Consolidated Financial Statements, in the pre-replacement period of IBORs.

We are exposed mainly to LIBOR and EURIBOR
rates in hedge accounting structures. Since 2018, we bring together working groups to follow the progress of discussions in the international market about the replacement of IBORs. For standardized agreements, we will assume the updates of rates
made by the respective clearings and the International Swaps and Derivatives Association—ISDA). For the other agreements, whenever possible, they will be negotiated and adjusted gradually until the end of 2021, the date on which the market
expects the end of IBOR publications.

•   Amendments to IFRS 16 – Leases: Practical expedient that enables lessees not to characterize the lease
concessions motivated by the COVID-19 pandemic as an agreement modification. This standard is effective for the years beginning on June 1, 2020, and earlier application is permitted. We opted for not
relying on the exception from this standard, and, therefore, there was no impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Derivative Instruments that Qualify for Hedge Accounting

Hedging transactions may be classified into three categories: Fair value hedge, Cash flow hedge, and Hedge of net investment in foreign
operations:

•   Fair value hedge: aimed at protecting us against changes in market risk due to changes in the fair value of
interest subject to variable rates.

•   Cash flow hedge: aimed at protecting us against future cash flows of payments of interest.

•   Hedge of net investment of foreign operations: aimed at protecting us against changes in future cash flows of
foreign exchange variations in net investments of foreign operations.

Please see “Item 11. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Market and Liquidity Risk” for further details about hedge accounting.

Please see
“Note –7—Hedge Accounting” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details. With respect to the hedge accounting policy, please see “Note 2.4 – Summary of Main Accounting Practices—d) Financial
Assets and Liabilities—IV – Derivatives” to our audited consolidated financial statements.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Financial instruments recorded at fair value on our balance sheet include securities classified as Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive
Income and Fair Value Through Profit or Loss, including derivatives. Other financial instruments are classified at historical amortized cost on our balance sheet, and their corresponding fair values are shown in the notes to our audited consolidated
financial statements. We present information on the fair value of our financial instruments in the table below as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.

114

Table of Contents

As of December 31,
Financial instruments recorded at fair value   2020   2019   2018
(In millions of R$)
Assets
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   389,071   281,075   263,180
Derivatives   76,504   41,854   23,466
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   109,942   76,660   49,323
Other financial assets   6   —   —
Total   575,523   399,589   335,969
Liabilities
Other financial liabilities   5   —   —
Structured notes   143   201   192
Derivatives   79,505   47,828   27,519
Total   79,653   48,029   27,711

We determine the fair value of our financial instruments based on IFRS 13, which defines fair value as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

According to IFRS 13, there are different levels of inputs that may be used to measure the fair value of financial instruments classified as
levels 1, 2 and 3.

•   Level 1: observable inputs reflect the quoted prices (unadjusted) of identical assets or liabilities in
active markets;

•   Level 2: observable inputs reflect the information on assets and liabilities that are either directly (such
as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices) observable, except for the quoted prices included in Level 1; and

•   Level 3: information on assets and liabilities that are not based on observable market data due to little
market activity on the measurement date. We present information on our level 3 financial instruments in the table below as of December 31, 2020 and 2019.

As of December 31,
Level 3   2020   2019
(In millions of R$)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   1,968   1,719
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   —   34
Net position of derivatives   (5   )   18
Total   1,963   1,771

Please refer to “Note 28 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments” to our audited consolidated
financial statements for further details.

Contingent Liabilities

Contingent liabilities arise mainly from judicial and administrative proceedings inherent to the ordinary course of our business and that are
filed by third parties, including former employees and public bodies related to civil, labor, tax and social security claims. These contingencies are assessed based on the best estimates of our management, taking into consideration the opinion of
legal advisors when there is a probability that financial resources will be required to settle obligations and the amount of such obligations can be reliably measured.

Contingencies are classified as follows, based on the likelihood of loss:

•   Probable: liabilities are recognized as “provisions” on our consolidated balance sheet;

115

Table of Contents

•   Possible: liabilities are disclosed in our audited consolidated financial statements but no provisions are
recorded; and

•   Remote: liabilities that do not require provision or disclosure.

Contingent liabilities for which provisions are recorded and those classified as having a “possible” likelihood of loss are
evaluated based on our best estimates, using models and criteria that allow for their proper evaluation despite the uncertainty that is inherent to their terms and amounts.

Significant Changes in Accounting Standards

Please see “Note 2.2 – New Accounting Standards and New Accounting Standards Changes and Interpretations” to our audited
consolidated financial statements for further details about information on significant changes in accounting standards.

Accounting Practices Adopted
in Brazil

Our books and records are maintained in Brazilian
reais
, the official currency in Brazil, and our audited
consolidated financial statements, for statutory and regulatory purposes, are prepared in accordance with accounting practices adopted in Brazil (BRGAAP). The accounting principles and standards generally applicable under Brazilian GAAP include
those established under Brazilian Corporate Law, by the Accounting Pronouncements Committee, or CPC, which started issuing standards in 2007, and by the Federal Accounting Council. In the case of companies subject to regulation by the Central Bank,
such as Itaú Unibanco Holding, the effectiveness of the accounting pronouncements issued by entities such as the CPC depends on approval of the pronouncement by the CMN, which also establishes the date of effectiveness of any pronouncements
with respect to financial institutions. Additionally, the CVM and other regulatory bodies, such as SUSEP and the Central Bank, provide additional industry-specific guidelines.

Regulation Applicable to the Presentation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements

Brazilian regulations establish specific rules for the consolidation of audited consolidated financial statements by financial institutions.
Under current Central Bank regulations, financial institutions, except for credit cooperatives, are required to prepare consolidated financial statements including investments directly or indirectly held in other companies, individually or jointly
controlled, and with respect to which such financial institutions have (i) the right to appoint or designate the majority of the company’s board of directors; (ii) the right to appoint or remove the majority of the company’s
executives and directors; and/or (iii) operational or shareholding control. These regulations apply to the entire group to which a financial institution belongs.

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited    consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes and other financial information included in the description of our business in “Item 4. Information on the Company.” The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our
actual results may differ materially from these discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in “Forward-Looking Statements” herein.

In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2019. For a discussion of the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the year ended December 31, 2018, please refer to “Item 5. – A. Operating Results – Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects” in our 2019 Form
20-F.

Results of Operations

The table below presents our summarized consolidated statement of income for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. The interest
rates cited are expressed in Brazilian
reais
 and include the effect of the variation of the
real
 against foreign currencies. For more information on the products and services we offer, see “Item 4. Information on the
Company.”

Please see our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about our Consolidated Statement of Income.

116

Table of Contents

For the years ended December 31,   Variation
Summarized Consolidated Statement of Income   2020   2019   R$ million   %
(In millions of R$)
Operating revenues   100,199   117,079   (16,880   )   (14.4   )
Net interest income (1)   50,053   69,350   (19,297   )   (27.8   )
Non-interest income (2)   50,146   47,729   2,417   5.1
Expected loss from financial assets and claims   (25,980   )   (18,567   )   (7,413   )   39.9
Other operating income (expenses)   (68,989   )   (67,269   )   (1,720   )   2.6
Net income before income tax and social contribution   5,230   31,243   (26,013   )   (83.3   )
Current and deferred income and social contribution taxes   9,834   (3,430   )   13,264   (386.7   )
Net income   15,064   27,813   (12,749   )   (45.8   )
Net income attributable to owners of the parent company   18,896   27,113   (8,217   )   (30.3   )

(1)   Includes:

(i)   interest and similar income of financial assets at amortized cost and fair value through other comprehensive
income (R$113,262 million and R$117,523 million in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively);

(ii)   interest, similar income and dividend of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(R$15,716 million and R$22,760 million in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively);

(iii)   interest and similar expenses (R$(73,558) million and R$(75,958) million in the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively);

(iv)   adjustments to fair value of financial assets and liabilities (R$(8,056) million and R$4,098 million in the
years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively); and

(v)   foreign exchange results and exchange variations in foreign transactions (R$2,689 million and
R$927 million in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively).

(2)   Includes commissions and banking fees, income from insurance and private pension operations before claim and
selling expenses and other income.

For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019.

Net
 income attributable to owners of the parent company
 decreased by 30.3% to R$18,896 million for the year
ended December 31, 2020 from R$27,113 million for the same period of 2019. This result is mainly due to a 14.4% decrease in operating revenues and a 39.9% increase in expected losses from financial assets and claims. The decrease in net
income attributable to owners of the parent company was partially offset by a R$13,264 million increase in current and deferred income and social contribution taxes. These line items are further described below:

Net interest income
decreased by R$19,297 million, or 27.8%, for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period
of 2019, mainly due to a decrease of R$12,154 million in the adjustment to the fair value of financial assets and liabilities, especially due to the fiscal effect on the hedging instruments for our investments abroad.

The result of exchange rate fluctuations on our investments abroad is
non-taxable,
 whereas revenues
from our hedging instruments are taxable. Accordingly, the depreciation of the
real
 against foreign currencies, especially the U.S. dollar, generates losses on our hedging instruments abroad. Conversely, the appreciation of the
real

against foreign currencies, generates gains on our hedging instruments abroad. This affects our tax expenses recorded in the line items “current and deferred income and social contribution taxes” and “other operating income
(expenses).” The nominal depreciation of the
real
 against the U.S. dollar was 28.9% for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to a depreciation of 4.0% for the same period of 2019.

The fiscal effect on the hedging instruments for our investments abroad resulted in a gain of R$17,701 million for the year ended
December 31, 2020, compared to a gain of R$2,499 million for 2019.

As a result, disregarding the fiscal effect on the hedging
instruments for our investments abroad mentioned above, net interest income decreased by R$4,095 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to 2019.

•   Interest and similar income of financial assets at amortized cost and at fair value through other
comprehensive income decreased by 3.6% for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to 2019 due to a R$6,365 million decrease in income from securities purchased under agreements to resell and a R$2,492 million decrease in
compulsory deposits with the Central Bank, as a result of lower interest rates. As of December 31, 2020, the effective SELIC rate was 1.90% per annum compared to 4.40% per annum as of December 31, 2019. While the balance of our loan
portfolio increased 21.9% in this period, income from our loan portfolio decreased by 1.9%. This is mainly due to: (i) lower spreads on credit products, particularly for government sponsored facilities for our micro/small and medium businesses
segment, (ii) lower interest rates for working capital loans and (iii) regulatory changes, especially CMN Resolution No. 4,765, which caps interest rates for checking

117

Table of Contents

account overdraft facilities up to 8% per month. In addition, this result was partially offset by an increase of R$6,224 million in income from financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations.

•   Interest and similar expenses decreased by 3.2% for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to
2019, due to: (i) a decrease of R$9,783 million in securities sold under repurchase agreements, mainly as a result of the decrease of R$23,236 million in the balance of assets pledged as collateral, especially in government
securities; and (ii) a decrease in our financial expenses from technical provisions for insurance and private pension plans, which amounted to an expense of R$8,121 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to an expense
of R$16,720 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, as a result of the decrease in the net asset value of investment fund quotas and resulting impact on private pension plans.

This result was partially offset by an increase in expenses from interbank market funds mainly as a result of a R$6,848 million increase
in the balance of import and export financings, which was affected by exchange rate fluctuations.

Please see “Note 21—Interest
and Similar Income and Expense and Net Gain (Loss)” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details on interest and similar expenses.

Non-interest
 income
increased by 5.1% to R$50,146 million for the year ended December 31,
2020 compared to 2019. This increase was mainly due to a 71.4%, or R$2,957 million, increase in other income, mainly driven by the gain on the partial sale of our shares in XP Inc. On December 2 and 17, 2020, we sold 4.44% and 0.07%,
respectively, of our investments in XP Inc., through the public offering on the Nasdaq, giving rise to a result before taxes of R$ 3,996 million. Concurrently with the sales, XP Inc. completed a public offering

(follow-on)
 which resulted in the dilution of the interest held by us, which then reached 41.00% of XP Inc.’s total capital, resulting in a gain from our investment in XP Inc. primary subscription of R$
545 million.

The increase in
non-interest
 income was partially offset by a 1.2%, or
R$475 million, decrease in commissions and banking fees, compared to the same period in 2019, mainly driven by a R$1,806 million decrease in revenues from credit and debit card transactions, including acquiring business, revenues from
merchant discount rate, rental of equipment and prepayments, all of which decreased particularly in the first semester of 2020 due to social distancing measures adopted in response to the
COVID-19
 pandemic.
This decrease in commissions and banking fees was offset by:

(i)   a 15.2%, or R$382 million, increase in income from advisory and brokerage services compared to the same
period in 2019, mainly due to an increase in activities in the capital markets. As of December 31, 2020, we acted as underwriter on fixed income transactions in Brazil totaling R$6,936 million and we were ranked first in volume of deals by
the Associa ç ã o Brasileira de Entidades dos Mercados Financeiro e de Capitais (“ANBIMA”) in this segment. We also provided financial advisory services for 47 M&A transactions in South America
during 2020, totaling US$8,139 million in deal volume and we were ranked first place in number of deals by Dealogic; and

(ii)   a 10.8%, or R$614 million, increase in asset management fees from funds compared to the same period in
2019. Our assets under management increased by 14.2% in the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to 2019, representing an increase of 14.7% in income from fees generated through offerings of our own products and an increase of 11.2% in income
from fees generated through our open platform.

The following chart shows the main components of our banking service
fees for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:

118

Table of Contents

Please see “Note 3 – Business Development” to our audited consolidated financial statements
for further details on our stake in XP Inc.

Please see “Note 22 – Commissions and Banking Fees” to our audited
consolidated financial statements for further details on banking service fees.

Expected Loss from Financial Assets and Claims

To fully reflect the risk of our loan operations, we adopt the expected loss model for provisioning of operations since the moment they are
granted, which is periodically updated according to the macroeconomic variables and specific circumstances of each of our clients. In 2020, in view of the
COVID-19
 pandemic, the weighting for economic
scenarios was increased when measuring our provision for loan losses. As of December 31, 2020, our coverage ratio was 319.9% compared to a ratio of 229.5% as of December 31, 2019, as a result of the changes in the macroeconomic variables
and specific circumstances of each of our clients. Specifically, in 2020 we increased the provision for the expected loss of operations for clients that had not shown any signs of deterioration until the outbreak of the
COVID-19
 pandemic (default or downgrading of the client’s rating). The credit risk governance enabled us to quickly respond to the impacts of the
COVID-19
 pandemic on our
loan portfolio, permitting quick access to the information required for the daily discussions and actions of the crisis management forum.

Our expected loss from financial assets and claims increased by R$7,413 million, or 39.9%, for the year ended December 31, 2020
compared to 2019, mainly due to an increase in expected loss with loan and lease operations of R$6,154 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase is related to the changes in the macroeconomic scenario and adverse
financial perspectives for individuals and companies as from the second half of March 2020, as a result of the
COVID-19
 pandemic. In the year ended December 31, 2020, we constituted R$6,249 million
in expected credit loss for our Foreign Loans—Latin American operations, mainly due to certain corporate clients in Latin America. Our micro/small and medium companies expected credit loss increased by R$1,820 million, mainly due to the
increase in the balance of loans operations in this segment, due to government sponsored facilities such as the National Support Program for Micro and Very Small Businesses (Pronampe) and the Investment Guarantee Fund (FGI).

119

Table of Contents

Please see “Note 2— Significant Accounting Policies” to our audited consolidated
financial statements for further details on our expected credit loss assessment.

Please see “Note 10— Loan and Lease
Operations” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details on our loan and lease operations portfolio.

•   Non-performing loans: We calculate our 90-day non-performing loan (“NPL”) ratio as the value of our 90-days non-performing loans to our loan portfolio.

As of December 31, 2020, our
90-day
 NPL ratio
was 2.7%, a decrease of 76 basis points compared to December 31, 2019. The decrease was due to the decrease of 78 basis points in the
90-day
 NPL ratio in respect of our individuals loan portfolio, and the
decrease of 49 basis points in the
90-day
 NPL ratio in respect of our companies loan portfolio, mainly due to measures of loan reprofiling offered to our clients in response to the
COVID-19
 pandemic. The increase in the balance of renegotiated loans resulted in a decrease in the balance of our
90-day

non-performing

loans in the period. Compared to September 30, 2020, our
90-day
 NPL ratio increased by 10 basis points, in the three-month period ended December 31, 2020, mainly driven by the end of the grace period
of loans reprofiled in previous periods.

•   We calculate our 15 to 90 days non-performing loan ratio as the value of
our 15 to 90 days non-performing loans to our loan portfolio. The 15 to 90 days NPL ratio is an indicator of early delinquency.

As of December 31, 2020, our 15 to 90 days NPL ratio was 1.8% a decrease of 50 basis points when compared to December 31, 2019. In
this period there was an increase of 9 basis points in the 15 to
90-day
 NPL ratio in respect of our companies loans portfolio. The 15 to
90-day
 NPL ratio for our
individuals loan portfolio decreased by 96 basis points due to the reprofiling offered to our clients in response to the
COVID-19
 pandemic. The increase in the balance of renegotiated loans resulted in a
decrease in the balance of our 15 to
90-day

non-performing
 loans in the period compared to 2019. In the three-month period ended December 31, 2020, we had an
increase of 47 basis points in our 15 to
90-day

non-performing
 loans for companies mainly driven by the end of the grace period of loans reprofiled in previous periods.

As of December 31, 2020, our reprofiled loan portfolio was R$50.8 million, a decrease of 5.0% when compared to
September 30, 2020.

Further, by the end of December 31, 2020, 96.1% of the grace periods relating to the reprofiled loan
portfolio had expired, of which 82.6% were performing (8.3% of the amount outstanding under the
non-performing
 reprofiled loan portfolio was delinquent between 15 and 90 days and 5.2% were delinquent for more
than 90 days).

The chart below shows a comparison of both NPL ratios for each quarter as of December 31, 2019 through
to December 31, 2020:

120

Table of Contents

•   Coverage ratio (90 days): We calculate our coverage ratio as provisions for expected losses to 90-day non-performing loans. As of December 31, 2020, our coverage ratio was 319.9% compared to a ratio of 229.5% as of December 31, 2019. This increase was mainly
due to decrease in the balance of non-performing loans over 90 days overdue, driven by the loan portfolio reprofiling and the provisioning recognized due to the change in the macroeconomic scenario as from the
second half of March, which was captured by our expected loss provisioning model. In the three-month period ended December 31, 2020, our coverage ratio decreased 1,934 basis points due to an increase in non-performing loans past 90 days overdue, driven by the end of the grace period of loans reprofiled in previous periods.

The chart below shows a comparison in the coverage ratios for each quarter as of December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2020:

121

Table of Contents

Other Operating Income (Expenses)
increased by 2.6% to an expense of R$68,989 million
for the year ended December 31, 2020 from an expense of R$67,269 million for 2019 mainly due to the following
non-recurring
 events: (i) the goodwill and intangible assets impairment recorded by
Itaú Corpbanca of R$5,906 million; (ii) a donation of R$1,047 million made to
Todos pela Saúde
 (All for Health) and (iii) an increase of R$2,385 million in personnel expenses due to our 2019 Voluntary
Severance Program.
Todos pela Saúde
 is an initiative created by us in April 2020 to combat the effects of the
COVID-19
 pandemic on the Brazilian society.

Disregarding the
non-recurring
 events discussed above, our general and administrative expenses
decreased by 2.3% to an expense of R$57,254 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from an expense of R$58,627 million for 2019, mainly due to:

(i) a R$872 million decrease in personnel expenses due to a reduced number of employee terminations, which were suspended from March
through September 2020, due to measures implemented to address the impacts of the
COVID-19
 pandemic. In addition, our expenses with profit sharing were reduced as a result of the challenging macroeconomic
scenario, due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic, which resulted in lower profits. This result was partially offset by: (a) an increase in compensation, mainly due to an increase in the total number of employees,
particularly information technology professionals, and (b) the negotiation of the collective bargaining labor agreement, which provided for a 1.5% salary increase and a R$2,000 bonus paid to employees in Brazil in September 2020;

(ii) a R$567 million decrease in credit card selling expenses, related to REDE’s accreditation and reduction in expenses with credit
card brands, due to reduced economic activity, as a result of the social distancing measures adopted in relation to the
COVID-19
 pandemic, and;

(iii) a R$55 million decrease in administrative expenses, particularly reduced data processing and telecommunications, advertising,
promoting and publicity expenses, and travel and transportation expenses, due to reduced commuting and remote working arrangements adopted during the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

Please see “Note 23—General and Administrative Expenses” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

Current and deferred income and social contribution

taxes

amounted to a gain of R$9,834 million for the year
ended December 31, 2020, from an expense of R$3,430 million for 2019.

This was partially due to the fiscal effect on the
hedging instruments for our investments abroad, as mentioned in “ —Net interest income,” which amounted to a gain of R$16,097 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to a gain of R$2,281 million for 2019.
Disregarding this fiscal effect, current and deferred income and social contribution taxes increased by 9.7% for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to 2019.

In 2019, fiscal authorities temporarily decreased the recognition rate for income and social contribution taxes to 40%. However, as from
March 1, 2020, the recognition rate was increased again to 45%. The increase in the recognition rate was partially offset by: (i) increases in provisions for expected loss in the period (which generate tax credits) and (ii) a decrease
in net income before tax and social contribution.

Please see “Note 24 – Taxes” to our audited consolidated financial
statements for further details.

Basis for Presentation of Segment Information

We maintain segment information based on reports used by senior management to assess the financial performance of our businesses and to make
decisions regarding the allocation of funds for investment and other purposes.

122

Table of Contents

Segment information is not prepared in accordance with IFRS, as issued by the IASB, but based on
accounting practices adopted in Brazil applicable to institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank. It also includes the following adjustments: (i) the recognition of the impact of capital allocation using a proprietary model;
(ii) the use of funding and cost of capital at market prices, using certain managerial criteria; (iii) the exclusion or inclusion of
non-recurring
 events from our results; and (iv) the
reclassification of the tax effects from hedging transactions we enter into for our investments abroad.

Non-recurring
 events correspond to relevant events (with a positive or negative accounting effect)
identified in our results of operations for each relevant period. We apply a historically consistent methodology (approved by our governance procedures) pursuant to which, relevant events are either not related to our core operations or are related
to previous fiscal years. The impairment of goodwill and intangible assets recorded by Itaú Corpbanca, the donation made to “
Todos pela Saúde
” and our 2019 voluntary severance program are

non-recurring
 events and, as such, do not impact the results and analysis regarding our segment information below.

For more information on our segments, see “Item 4. Information on the Company” and “Note 30 – Segment Information” to
our audited consolidated financial statements.

We present below the summarized results from our operating segments from January 1,
2020 to December 31, 2020:

Summarized Consolidated Statement of Income from January 1,
2020 to December 31, 2020 (1)   Retail Banking (a)   Wholesale Banking (b)   Activities with the Market + Corporation (c)   Total (a)+(b)+(c)   Adjustments   IFRS consolidated (2)
(In millions of R$)
Operating revenues   72,680   32,187   9,918   114,785   (14,586   )   100,199
Cost of Credit   (21,247   )   (8,968   )   6   (30,209   )   5,583   (24,626   )
Claims   (1,345   )   (8   )   —   (1,353   )   (1   )   (1,354   )
Other operating income (expenses)   (40,221   )   (16,133   )   (650   )   (57,004   )   (11,985   )   (68,989   )
Income tax and social contribution   (3,071   )   (1,893   )   (3,099   )   (8,063   )   17,897   9,834
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (175   )   601   (46   )   380   3,452   3,832
Net income   6,621   5,786   6,129   18,536   360   18,896

(1)   The first three columns are our business segments. Additional information about each of our business segments
can be found below under the headings “(a) Retail Banking”, “(b) Wholesale Banking” and “(c) Activities with the Market + Corporation”.

The adjustments column includes the following pro forma adjustments: (i) the recognition of the impact of
capital allocation using a proprietary model; (ii) the use of funding and cost of capital at market prices, using certain managerial criteria; (iii) the exclusion of non-recurring events from our
results; and (iv) the reclassification of the tax effects from hedging transactions we enter into for our investments abroad.

The IFRS consolidated column is the total result of our three segments plus adjustments.

(2)   Net income presented refers to “net income attributable to owners of the parent company”.

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements, especially
“Note 30 – Segment Information.” The adjustments column shown in this note shows the effects of the differences between the segmented results (substantially in accordance with the accounting practices adopted in Brazil) and those
calculated according to the principles adopted in our audited consolidated financial statements in IFRS, as issued by the IASB.

Year ended
December 31, 2020 compared to the year ended December 31, 2019.

(a)   Retail Banking

This segment consists of business with retail customers, account holders and
non-account
 holders,
individuals and legal entities, high income clients (Itaú Uniclass and Personnalité) and the companies segment (microenterprises and small companies). It includes financing and credit offers made outside the branch network, in addition
to credit cards and payroll loans.

The following table sets forth our summarized consolidated statement of income with respect to our
Retail Banking segment for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:

123

Table of Contents

Summarized Consolidated Statement of Income—Retail
Banking   For the years ended December 31,   Variation
2020   2019   R$ million   %
Operating revenues   72,680   79,227   (6,547   )   (8.3   )
Interest margin   41,818   46,764   (4,946   )   (10.6   )
Non-interest income (1)   30,861   32,463   (1,601   )   (4.9   )
Cost of credit and claims   (22,593   )   (17,278   )   (5,314   )   —
Other operating income (expenses)   (40,221   )   (41,430   )   1,209   (2.9   )
Income tax and social contribution   (3,071   )   (7,095   )   4,024   —
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (175   )   (198   )   24   (11.9   )
Net income   6,621   13,226   (6,605   )   (49.9   )

(1)   Non-interest income include: commissions and banking fees; income from
insurance and private pension operations before claim and selling expenses and other revenues.

Net
income

from Retail Banking

decreased by 49.9%, to R$6,621 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from R$13.226 million for the same period of 2019. These results are explained as follows:

Operating revenues
: decreased by 8.3% for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period of 2019, due to:

(i) a decrease of 10.6% in interest margin driven by an increase in credit products that command lower spreads, especially in government
sponsored facilities to our micro/small and medium businesses segment; and lower interest rates for working capital loans, and

(ii) a
decrease of 4.9% in
non-interest
 income, especially due to reduced revenues from credit and debit cards fees, resulting from a reduction in the volume of credit and debit cards transactions since the second
half of March 2020, due to social distancing measures adopted in response to the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

Cost of credit and claims
 increased by R$5,314 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to 2019, mainly due to
the change in the macroeconomic scenario and the adverse financial perspectives for individuals and companies as from the second half of March 2020, as a result of the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

Other operating income (expenses)
 decreased by R$1,209 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same
period in 2019, mainly due to a decrease in personnel expenses as a result of a reduction in employee terminations, which were suspended from March through September 2020, due to measures implemented to address the impacts of the
COVID-19
 pandemic. In addition, we incurred reduced profit-sharing expenses as a result of the challenging macroeconomic scenario. This result was partially offset by: (i) an increase in compensation, mainly
due to an increase in the total number of employees, particularly information technology professionals, and (ii) the negotiation of the collective bargaining labor agreement, which provided for a 1.5% salary increase and a R$2,000 bonus paid to
employees in Brazil in September 2020.

Income tax and social contribution for this segment,
 as well as for the Wholesale Banking
and Activities with the Market + Corporation segments, is calculated by adopting the full income tax rate, net of the tax effect of any payment of interest on capital. The difference between the income tax amount determined for each segment and the
effective income tax amount, as stated in our audited consolidated financial statements, is recorded under the Activities with the Market + Corporation segment. As discussed above under “Net income attributable to owners of the parent
company—Current and deferred income and social contribution taxes,” our current and deferred income and social contribution taxes decreased mainly as a result of: (i) increases in provisions for expected loss in the period (which
generate tax credits) and (ii) a decrease in net income before tax and social contribution.

(b) Wholesale Banking

124

Table of Contents

This segment consists of products and services offered to middle-market companies, high net worth
clients (Private Banking), and the operation of Latin American units and Itaú BBA, which is the unit responsible for business with large companies and investment banking operations.

The following table sets forth our summarized consolidated statement of income with respect to our Wholesale Banking segment for the years
ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:

Summarized Consolidated Statement of Income-Wholesale
Banking   For the years ended December 31,   Variation
2020   2019   R$ million   %
(In millions of R$)
Operating revenues   32,187   30,650   1,537   5.0
Interest margin   19,883   18,778   1,105   5.9
Non-interest income (1)   12,304   11,872   432   3.6
Cost of credit and claims   (8,976   )   (2,141   )   (6,835   )   —
Other operating income (expenses)   (16,133   )   (15,403   )   (730   )   4.7
Income tax and social contribution   (1,893   )   (3,856   )   1,963   —
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   601   (444   )   1,045   (235.3   )
Net income   5,786   8,806   (3,020   )   (34.3   )

(1)   Non-interest income include: commissions and banking fees; income from
insurance and private pension operations before claim and selling expenses and other revenues.

Net
income

from Wholesale Banking

decreased 34.3% to R$5,786 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from R$8,806 million for the same period of 2019. These results are explained as follows:

Operating revenues
: increased by R$1,537 million, or 5.0%, for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period
of 2019, due to:

(i) an increase of 5.9% in the interest margin, driven by a 33.5% increase in the balance of our corporate loan portfolio
(credit origination by aggregate amount of loans increased by 51.7%), mainly due to an increase in working capital, vehicle and export/import financings. Due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic and the resulting economic
crisis, demand for liquidity by companies increased; and

(ii) an increase of 3.6% in
non-interest

income, especially due to: (a) revenues from asset management fees, which increased by 10.8%; and (b) income from advisory and brokerage services, which increased by 15.2%, mainly due to increased activity in the capital markets. As of
December 31, 2020, we acted as underwriter on fixed income transactions in Brazil totaling R$6,936 million and were ranked first in volume of deals by the ANBIMA in this segment. We also provided financial advisory services for 47 M&A
transactions in South America, totaling US$ 8,139 million and were ranked first place in number of deals by Dealogic.

Cost of
credit and claims
increased by R$6,835 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period of 2019, mainly due to changes in the macroeconomic scenario and the adverse financial perspectives of companies as from
the second half of March 2020 as a result of the
COVID-19
 pandemic, during which we recorded a provision for loan losses and impairment charges in our portfolio of corporate securities in Brazil of
R$498 million, compared to the same period of 2019, in which we recorded a reversal of R$1,547 million in provisions for loan losses and impairment charges.

Income tax and social contribution
 for this segment, as well as for the Retail Banking and Activities with the Market + Corporation
segments, is calculated by adopting the full income tax rate, net of the tax effect of any payment of interest on capital. The difference between the income tax amount determined for each segment and the effective income tax amount, as stated in our
audited consolidated financial statements, is recorded under the Activities with the Market + Corporation

125

Table of Contents

segment. As discussed above, our current and deferred income and social contribution taxes decreased mainly a result of: (i) increases in provisions for expected loss in the period (which
generate tax credits) and (ii) a decrease in net income before tax and social contribution.

(c)    Activities
with the Market + Corporation (formerly Trading & Institutional)

This segment consists of results from capital surplus,
subordinated debt surplus and the net balance of tax credits and debits. It also includes the financial margin on market trading, treasury operating costs, and equity in earnings of companies not included in either of the other segments.

The following table sets forth our summarized consolidated statement of income with respect to our Activities with the Market + Corporation
segment for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:

Summarized Consolidated Statement of Income-Activities with the Market + Corporation   For the years ended December 31,   Variation
2020   2019   R$ million   %
(In millions of R$)
Operating revenues   9,918   9,913   6   0.1
Interest margin   8,394   9,088   (694   )   (7.6   )
Non-interest income (1)   1,524   825   699   84.7
Cost of credit and claims   6   0   6   —
Other operating income (expenses)   (650   )   (987   )   337   (34.2   )
Income tax and social contribution   (3,099   )   (2,545   )   (554   )   —
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (46   )   (51   )   5   (9.8   )
Net income   6,129   6,331   (202   )   (3.2   )

(1)   Non-interest income include: commissions and banking fees; income from
insurance and private pension operations before claim and selling expenses and other revenues.

Net
income

from

Activities with the Market + Corporation

decreased 3.2%, or R$202 million, for the year ended December 31, 2020 from 2019. We recorded a reduction in investments abroad, which were partially offset
by earnings from other companies.

Income tax and social contribution
 for this segment, as well as for the Retail Banking and
Wholesale Banking segments, is calculated by adopting the full income tax rate, net of the tax effect of any payment of interest on capital. The difference between the income tax amount determined for each segment and the effective income tax
amount, as stated in our audited consolidated financial statements, is recorded under the Activities with the Market + Corporation segment. In 2019, fiscal authorities temporarily decreased the recognition rate for income and social contribution
taxes to 40%. However, as from March 1, 2020, the recognition rate was increased again to 45%. The increase in the recognition rate was partially offset by increases in provisions for expected loss in the period (which generate tax credits).

Balance Sheet

We present below
our summarized balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. Please see our audited    consolidated financial statements for further details about our Consolidated Balance Sheet.

126

Table of Contents

Summarized Balance Sheet—Assets   As of December 31,   Variation
2020   2019   R$ million   %
(In millions of R$)
Cash   46,224   30,367   15,857   52.2
Financial assets at amortized cost   1,275,799   1,101,892   173,907   15.8
Compulsory deposits in the Central Bank of Brazil   90,059   91,248   (1,189   )   (1.3   )
Interbank deposits, securities purchased under agreements to resell and   425,432   366,130   59,302   16.2
securities at amortized cost
Loan and lease operations portfolio   714,104   585,791   128,313   21.9
Other financial assets   93,255   94,752   (1,497   )   (1.6   )
(-) Provision for Expected Loss   (47,051   )   (36,029   )   (11,022   )   30.6
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   109,942   76,660   33,282   43.4
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   465,581   322,929   142,652   44.2
Investments in associates and join ventures, Fixed assets, Goodwill and Intangible assets, assets
held for sale and other assets   55,610   56,673   (1,063   )   (1.9   )
Tax assets   66,095   48,960   17,135   35.0
Total assets   2,019,251   1,637,481   381,770   23.3

December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019.

Total assets

increased by R$381,770 million, or 23.3%, as of December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in
2019, mainly due to an increase in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and in our loan and lease operations portfolio. This result was partially offset by an increase in provisions for expected losses. These results are further
described below:

•   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss increased by R$142,652 million, or 44.2%, as of
December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to: (i) a R$107,996 million increase in securities at fair value through profit or loss, especially in Brazilian government securities, which increased by
R$66,274 million; and (ii) a R$34,650 million increase in the balance of derivatives, both for our own hedge strategy and clients’ operations. This increase in the balance of derivatives is related to increased market volatility
following the uncertainties brought by changes in the macroeconomic scenario due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Please see “Note 5 – Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss and Designated at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
—Securities” and “Note 6 – Derivatives” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

•   Loan and lease operations portfolio increased by R$128,313 million, or 21.9%, as of December 31,
2020, compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to the following increases:

(i) 34.4% in our micro/small and medium
businesses loan portfolio (credit origination by aggregate amount of loans increased by 24.0%), mainly due to an increase in working capital loans, due to government sponsored facilities such as the National Support Program for Micro and Very Small
Businesses (Pronampe) and the Investment Guarantee Fund (FGI). These government initiatives aim to guarantee financial resources for micro and small enterprises to enable them to maintain their activities during the

COVID-19
 pandemic and the resulting economic crisis.

(ii) 33.5% in our corporate loan portfolio
(credit origination by aggregate amount of loans increased by 51.7%), mainly due to working capital loans, vehicle and export/import financings. Due to the
COVID-19
 pandemic and the resulting economic crisis,
demand for liquidity by companies increased.

(iii) 31.5% in our Latin America loan portfolio as a result of exchange rate fluctuations;
and

(iv) 6.2% in our individuals loan portfolio mainly due to increases of 22.8% in vehicle loans and 19.7% in mortgage loans. Credit
origination in our individuals loan portfolio increased by 14.1% in the same period compared to 2019. This result was partially offset by the decrease of 5.0% in our credit cards portfolio, especially due to the reduction of the volume of credit
cards transactions in the first semester of 2020, due to social distancing measures adopted in response to the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

127

Table of Contents

As of December 31,   Variation
Loan and Lease Operations, by asset type   2020   2019   R$ million   %
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   255,483   240,490   14,993   6.2
Credit card   87,073   91,676   (4,603   )   (5.0   )
Personal loan   35,346   34,892   454   1.3
Payroll loans   55,508   49,608   5,900   11.9
Vehicles   23,290   18,968   4,322   22.8
Mortgage loans   54,266   45,346   8,920   19.7
Corporate   134,521   100,789   33,732   33.5
Micro/Small and Medium Businesses   121,955   90,733   31,222   34.4
Foreign Loans Latin America   202,145   153,779   48,366   31.5
Total Loan operations and lease operations portfolio   714,104   585,791   128,313   21.9

Please see “Note 10—Loan and Lease Operations” to our audited consolidated financial statements
for further details.

•   Interbank deposits, securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities at amortized cost increased by R$59,302 million, or 16.2% as of December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to the following increases: (i) R$41,513 million in securities purchased under agreements to resell;
(ii) R$21,056 million in interbank deposits impacted by exchange rate variation.

Please see “Note
4—Interbank Deposits and Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell” and “Note 9—Financial Assets at Amortized Cost – Securities” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

•   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by R$33,282 million, or
43.4% as of December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to (i) an increase of R$17,217 million in Brazilian government securities, due to increased demand for liquidity, and (ii) a R$13,831 million
increase in the balance of government securities – abroad, especially in Chile which increased by R$10,443 million, as compared to December 31, 2019, due to higher demand for liquidity.

Please see “Note 8 – Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income – Securities” to our audited
consolidated financial statements for further details.

•   Tax assets increased by R$17,135 million, or 35.0% as of December 31, 2020, compared to
December 31, 2019, due to (i) the impact of the fiscal hedge from our investments abroad and (ii) increases in provisions for expected loss in the period.

Please see “Note 24 – Taxes” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

We present below our summarized balance sheet – liabilities and stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. Please
see our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about our Consolidated Balance Sheet.

128

Table of Contents

As of December 31,   Variation
Summarized Balance Sheet—Liabilities and Stockholders’
Equity   2020   2019   R$ million   %
(In millions of R$)
Financial Liabilities   1,579,686   1,211,999   367,687   30.3
At Amortized Cost   1,495,641   1,159,830   335,811   29.0
Deposits   809,010   507,060   301,950   59.5
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   273,364   256,583   16,781   6.5
Interbank market funds, Institutional market funds and other financial liabilities   413,267   396,187   17,080   4.3
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   79,653   48,029   31,624   65.8
Provision for Expected Loss   4,392   4,140   252   6.1
Provision for insurance and private pensions   221,000   218,334   2,666   1.2
Provisions   19,819   21,454   (1,635   )   (7.6   )
Tax liabilities   5,710   7,891   (2,181   )   (27.6   )
Other liabilities   38,511   28,338   10,173   35.9
Total liabilities   1,864,726   1,488,016   376,710   25.3
Total stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company   142,993   136,925   6,068   4.4
Non-controlling interests   11,532   12,540   (1,008   )   (8.0   )
Total stockholders’ equity   154,525   149,465   5,060   3.4
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   2,019,251   1,637,481   381,770   23.3

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity
 increased by R$381,770 million, or 23.3% as
of December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to an increase in deposits, securities sold under repurchase agreements, interbank and institutional market debt and financial liabilities at fair value through profit and
loss. These results are detailed as follows:

•   Deposits increased by 59.5% as of December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to
an increase of R$214,068 million in time deposits, R$52,499 million in demand deposits and R$34,912 million in saving deposits. These increases are mainly associated with the inflow of resources from our clients into the Retail
Banking and Wholesale Banking segments as from the second half of March 2020. This inflow resulted from our strategy to offer fixed income products (such as bank deposit certificates) combined with a stronger demand from our clients for lower risk
investments and products with higher liquidity.

Please see “Note 15 – Deposits” to our audited
consolidated financial statements for further details.

•   Interbank and Institutional market funds and other financial liabilities increased by
R$17,080 million, or 4.3%, as of December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to the following increases:

(i) R$18,761 million in obligations on securities issued abroad, including the issuance of US$1,500 million of Senior
Notes in January 2020 (equivalent to approximately R$6,404 million, as of January 31, 2020);

(ii)
R$15,454 million in subordinated debt, including the issuance of US$690 million of Tier 1 Subordinated Notes in February 2020 (equivalent to approximately R$3,149 million, as of February 28, 2020); and

(iii) R$6,848 million in import and export financings.

These items were also directly affected by exchange rate fluctuations.

This increase was partially offset by a R$21,844 million reduction in financial bills and a R$6,919 million reduction in
agribusiness credit bills, as of December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to the maturity of these bills.

Please see “Note 17 – Securities Sold Under Repurchase Agreements and Interbank and Institutional Market Funds” to our audited
consolidated financial statements for further details.

129

Table of Contents

Securities sold under repurchase agreements
increased by R$16,781 million, or 6.5%,
as of December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to a R$28,651 million increase in securities with right to sell or repledge the collateral and R$11,366 million increase in assets received as collateral. This
result was partially offset by a decrease of R$23,236 million in assets pledged as collateral, especially government securities.

Please see “Note 17 – Securities sold under repurchase agreements and interbank and institutional market funds” to our audited
consolidated financial statements for further details.

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss
increased by
R$31,624 million, or 65.8%, as of December 31, 2020, compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to a R$31,677 million increase in the balance of derivatives, both for our proprietary hedging strategy and that for our clients’
operations. This increase is related to increased market volatility resulting from the
COVID-19
 pandemic.

Please see “Note 6 – Derivatives” to our audited    consolidated financial statements for further details.

Total Stockholders’ equity
increased by R$5,060 million, or 3.4%, as of December 31, 2020 compared to
December 31, 2019, mainly due to R$15,064 million net income in the period which was partially offset by the distribution of R$9,811 million in dividends and interest on capital

Capital Management

Key
Indicators

Our Board of Directors is the main body responsible for our capital management, and for approving our capital management
policies and guidelines regarding our capitalization level. It is also responsible for approving the ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process) report, a process which is intended to assess our capital adequacy. At the executive level,
corporate bodies are responsible for approving risk assessment and capital calculation methodologies, as well as reviewing, monitoring and recommending capital-related documents and topics to the Board of Directors.

In compliance with CMN and Central Bank regulations, we have implemented a capital management structure and
ICAAP, taking a prospective stance in relation to capital management.

In addition, we have a Recovery Plan, which is a report that aims
at defining how to reestablish adequate levels of capital and liquidity in response to stress situations.

Requirements and Capital
Composition

130

Table of Contents

Our minimum capital requirements are expressed as ratios of the capital available, or the Total
Capital, and the risk-weighted assets, or RWA. These ratios follow the set of resolutions and circulars disclosed by the Central Bank that implemented, in Brazil, the global capital requirement standards known as Basel III.

The Total Capital is the sum of three items, as shown below:

For purposes of calculating these minimum capital requirements, the total RWA is determined as the sum of
the risk-weighted asset amounts for credit, market and operational risks.

The minimum Total Capital ratio required is 8.0% as from Jan
ua
ry 1st, 2019.

The Central Bank rules call for Additional Capital Buffers, or ACP,
corresponding to the sum of the components ACP
Conservation
, ACP
Countercyclical
and
ACP
Systemic
, which, in conjunction with the requirements mentioned, increase capital requirements over time, as provided for CMN Resolution 4,193 of March 1, 2013 as amended (“CMN
Resolution 4,193”). The amount of each component and the minimum regulatory requirements are provided for in CMN Resolution 4,193, as amended.

According to CMN Resolution 4,193, for assessing the minimum capital requirements, the RWA must be calculated by adding the following
portions:

•   RWA CPAD – Credit Risk: calculated
using standardized approach;

•   RW AMINT – Market Risk: made up of the
maximum between the internal model and 80% of the standardized model; and

•   RW AOPAD – Operational Risk: calculated
using standardized approach.

Capital Adequacy

Through our ICAAP, we assess the adequacy of our capital to face the risks to which we are subject. For ICAAP, capital is composed of
regulatory capital for credit, market and operational risks, and by the necessary capital to cover other risks.

In order to ensure our
capital soundness and availability to support business growth, we maintain capital levels above the minimum requirements, according to the Common Equity Tier I, Additional Tier I Capital, and Tier II minimum ratios.

131

Table of Contents

As of December 31,
2020   2019
(In R$ million, except percentages)
Available capital (amounts)
Common Equity Tier I (CET1)   119,960   117,328
Tier I   137,157   128,696
Total capital   151,244   140,596
Risk-weighted assets (amounts)
Total risk-weighted assets (RWA)   1,042,207   891,300
Risk-based capital ratios as a percentage of RWA
Common Equity Tier I ratio (%)   11.5   %   13.2   %
Tier I ratio (%)   13.2   %   14.4   %
Total capital ratio (%)   14.5   %   15.8   %
Additional CET1 buffer requirements as a percentage of RWA
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) (1)   1.25   %   2.5   %
Countercyclical buffer requirement (%)   0.0   %   0.0   %
Bank G-SIB and/or D-SIB additional requirements (%)   1.0   %   1.0   %
Total of bank CET1 specific buffer requirements (%)   2.25   %   3.5   %

(1)   For purposes of calculating the Conservation capital buffer, BACEN Resolution 4,783 establishes, for defined
periods, percentages to be applied to the RWA value with a gradual increase until April/22, when it reaches 2.5%.

The countercyclical capital buffer is fixed by the Financial Stability Committee and currently is set to zero.

Our Total Capital, Tier I Capital and Common Equity Tier I Capital ratios are calculated on a consolidated basis,
applied to institutions included in our Prudential Conglomerate which comprises not only financial institutions but also consortia (
consórcios
), payment entities, factoring companies or companies that directly or indirectly assume
credit risk, and investment funds in which our Itaú Unibanco Group retains substantially all risks and rewards.

As of
December 31, 2020, our Total Capital reached R$151,244 million, an increase of R$10,648 million compared to December 31, 2019. Our Basel Ratio (calculated as the ratio between our Total Capital and the total amount of RWA)
reached 14.5%, as of December 31, 2020, a decrease of 130 basis points compared to 15.8% as of December 31, 2019, mainly due to the foreign exchange rate impact, the provision of interest on capital, dividends referring to fiscal year
2019, and increase in risk weighted assets, partially offset by net income in the period and the issuance of Tier I and Tier II debts.

Additionally, the Fixed Assets Ratio (
Índice de Imobilização
) indicates the level of total capital committed to
adjusted permanent assets. Itaú Unibanco Holding is within the maximum limit of 50% of the adjusted total capital, as established by the Central Bank. On December 31, 2020, our Fixed Assets Ratio reached 24.0%, which presents a buffer of
R$39,274 million.

Our Tier I ratio increased 80 basis points in relation to September 30, 2020 mainly due to net income
in the period, including the result from the sale of shares issued by XP Inc. owned by us and the decrease in credit risk weighted assets.

132

Table of Contents

Please see “Item 4B. Business Overview – Supervision and Regulation – Basel III
Framework – Implementation of Basel III in Brazil” for further details about minimum capital ratios.

Please see “Note 32
– Risk and Capital Management” of our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about regulatory capital.

Liquidity
Ratios

The Basel III Framework introduced global liquidity standards, providing for minimum liquidity requirements and aims to
ensure that banks can rely on their own sources of liquidity, leaving central banks as a lender of last resort. Basel III provides for two liquidity ratios to ensure that financial institutions have sufficient liquidity to meet their short-term and
long-term obligations: (i) the liquidity coverage ratio, or LCR, and (ii) the net stable funding ratio, or NSFR. We believe that the LCR and NSFR provide more relevant information than an analysis of summarized cash flows.

We present below a discussion of our LCR for the three-month period ended December 31, 2020 and our NSFR as of December 31, 2020.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

The LCR
measures the short-term resistance of a bank’s liquidity risk profile. It is the ratio of the stock of high-quality liquid assets to expected net cash outflows over the next 30 days, assuming a scenario of idiosyncratic or systemic liquidity
stress.

We calculate our LCR according to the methodology established in Central Bank Circular No. 3,749/2015. We measure our total
high liquidity assets for the end of each period to cash outflows and inflows as the daily average value for each period. Pursuant to Central Bank regulations, effective as of January 1, 2019, the minimum LCR is 100%.

Three-month periods ended December 31,
Liquidity Coverage Ratio   2020   2019
Total Weighted Value (average)
(In millions of R$)
Total High Liquidity Assets (HQLA) 1   343,174   170,004
Cash Outflows 2   309,652   225,349
Cash Inflows 3   133,297   111,313
Total Net Cash Outflows   176,355   114,035
LCR%   194.6   %   149.1   %

(1)   High Quality Liquidity Assets correspond to inventories, in some cases weighted by a discount factor, of assets
that remain liquid in the market even in periods of stress, that can easily be converted into cash and that are classified as low risk.

(2)   Outflows — total potential cash outflows for a 30-day horizon,
calculated for a standard stress scenario as defined by BACEN Circular 3,749.

(3)   Inflows — total potential cash inflows for a 30-day horizon,
calculated for a standard stress scenario as defined by BACEN Circular 3,749.

Our average LCR as of December 31,
2020 was 194.6% and, accordingly, above Central Bank requirements.

133

Table of Contents

Net Stable Funding Ratio

The NSFR measures long-term liquidity risk. It is the ratio of available stable funding to required stable funding over a
one-year
 time period, assuming a stressed scenario.

We calculate our NSFR according to the methodology
established in Central Bank Circular No. 3,869/2017. The NSFR corresponds to the ratio of our available stable funds (ASF) for the end of each period to our required stable funds (RSF) for the end of each period.

Pursuant to Central Bank regulations, effective as of October 1, 2018, the minimum NSFR is 100%.

As of December 31,
Net Stable Funding Ratio   2020   2019
Total Ajusted Value
(In millions of R$)
Total Available Stable Funding (ASF)¹   956,033   733,242
Total Required Stable Funding (RSF)²   758,907   599,963
NSFR (%)   126.0   %   122.2   %

(1)   ASF – Available Stable Funding – refers to liabilities and equity weighted by a discount factor
according to their stability, pursuant to Central Bank Circular 3,869/2017.

(2)   RSF – Required Stable Funding – refers to assets and off-balance exposures weighted by a discount factor to their necessity, pursuant to Central Bank Circular 3,869/2017.

As of December 31, 2020, our ASF totaled R$956.0 billion, mainly due to capital and Retail Banking and Wholesale Banking funding,
and our RSF totaled R$758.9 billion, particularly due to loans and financing with Wholesale Banking and Retail Banking customers, central governments and transactions with central banks.

As of December 31, 2020, our NSFR was 126.0% and, accordingly, above Central Bank requirements.

5B.   Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our Board of Directors determines our policy regarding liquidity risk management and establishes broad quantitative liquidity risk management
limits in line with our risk appetite. The CSRML (
Comitê Superior de Risco de Mercado e Liquidez
), composed of members of senior management, is responsible for strategic liquidity risk management in line with the board-approved
liquidity risk framework and risk appetite. In establishing our guidelines, the CSRML considers the liquidity implications of each market segment and product. Our institutional treasury unit is responsible for the
day-to-day
 management of the Itaú Unibanco Group’s liquidity profile, within the parameters set by our Board of Directors and the CSRML. This includes an oversight responsibility with respect to
all business units operating outside of Brazil.

We maintain separate liquidity pools at our Brazilian operations and at each of our
subsidiaries outside of Brazil. Our Brazilian operations include financial institutions in Brazil and the entities used by the Brazilian operations for funding and serving their clients abroad. Each of our subsidiary has its own treasury function
with appropriate autonomy to manage liquidity according to local needs and regulations, while remaining in compliance with the liquidity limits established by our senior management. In general, there are rarely liquidity transfers between
subsidiaries or between the head office and a subsidiary, except under very specific circumstances (e.g., targeted capital increases).

CMN regulations establish capital conservation and countercyclical buffers for Brazilian financial institutions such as ourselves, and
determines their minimum percentages as well as which sanctions and limitations will apply in case of
non-compliance
 with such additional requirements.

134

Table of Contents

We define our consolidated group operational liquidity reserve as the total amount of assets that
can be rapidly turned into cash, based on local market practices and legal restrictions. The operational liquidity reserve generally includes cash and deposits on demand, funded positions of securities purchased under agreements to resell and
unencumbered government securities.

The following table presents our operational liquidity reserve as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and
2018:

As of December 31,   2020 Average
Operational Liquidity Reserve   2020   2019   2018   Balance (1)
(In millions of R$)
Cash   46,224   30,367   37,159   41,061
Securities purchased under agreements to resell – Funded position (2)   44,743   26,797   45,335   37,361
Unencumbered government securities (3)   232,245   115,774   74,760   178,124
Operational reserve   323,212   172,938   157,254   256,546

(1)   Average calculated based on audited interim financial statements.

(2)   Net of R$ 11,119 (R$8,544 at 12/31/2019 and R$5,120 at 12/31/2018), which securities are restricted to guarantee
transactions at B3 S.A.—Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão (B3) and the Central Bank.

(3)   Present values are included as a result of the change in the reporting of future flows of assets that are now
reported as future value as of September 2016.

Our management controls our liquidity reserves by projecting the
resources that will be available for investment by our treasury department. The technique we employ involves the statistical projection of scenarios for our assets and liabilities, considering the liquidity profiles of our counterparties.

Short-term minimum liquidity limits are defined according to guidelines set by the CSRML. These limits aim at ensuring that the Itaú
Unibanco Group always has sufficient liquidity available to cover unforeseen market events. These limits are revised periodically, based on the projection of cash needs in atypical market situations (i.e., stress scenarios).

Management of liquidity makes it possible for us to simultaneously meet our operating requirements, protect our capital and exploit market
opportunities. Our strategy is to maintain adequate liquidity to meet our present and future financial obligations and to capitalize on business opportunities as they arise.

We are exposed to effects of the disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets and the economies in those countries where we do
business, especially Brazil. However, due to our stable sources of funding, which include a large deposit base, the large number of correspondent banks with which we have long-standing relationships, as well as facilities in place which enable us to
access further funding when required, we have not historically experienced liquidity challenges, even during periods of disruption in the international financial markets.

Particularly in 2020, a year with unusual volatility in the global financial markets, we had a significant improvement in the reserve and
liquidity indicators. This improvement was due to the increase in our retail and wholesale funding and also to the liquidity measures conducted by central banks.

Our main sources of funding are interest-bearing deposits, deposits received under repurchase agreements,

on-lending
 from government financial institutions, lines of credit with foreign banks and the issuance of securities abroad. Please see “Note 15 – Deposits” to our audited consolidated financial
statements for further details about funding.

We may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt, including our
subordinated notes (subject to the approval of the Central Bank), and senior notes, through cash purchases in the open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market
conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. Notes repurchased may be held, cancelled or resold and any resale thereof will need to comply with applicable requirements or exemptions under the relevant
securities laws.

135

Table of Contents

Some of our long-term debt provides for acceleration of the outstanding principal balance upon
the occurrence of specified events, which are events ordinarily found in long-term financing agreements. Up to December 31, 2020, none of these events, including any events of default or failure to satisfy financial covenants, have occurred.

Under Brazilian law, cash dividends may only be paid if the subsidiary paying such dividends has reported a profit in its financial
statements. In addition, subsidiaries that are financial institutions are prohibited from making loans to Itaú Unibanco Holding, but they are allowed to make deposits in Itaú Unibanco Holding, which represent interbank certificates of
deposit (
Certificado de Depósito Interbancário
). These restrictions have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on our ability to meet our cash obligations. For more information on our dividend policy, see
“Item 8A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information – Stockholders’ Payment”.

Sustainable Tier 2 Subordinated
Notes Issuance

On January 15, 2021, we, acting through our Grand Cayman branch, issued US$500,000,000 5,875% Tier 2
Subordinated Notes due 2031, under our global medium programme. The net proceeds of the issuance are expected to be used to finance and/or refinance green and/or social projects pursuant to the Framework.

Capital Expenditures

In accordance with
our practice in the last few years, our capital expenditures in the year ended December 31, 2020 were funded with internal resources. We cannot provide assurance that we will make capital expenditures in the future and, if made, that the
amounts will correspond to the current estimates. The table below shows our capital expenditures as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

Capital Expenditures   For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
2020   2019   2018   2020-2019   2019-2018
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Fixed Assets   1,716   1,621   1,483   95   5.9   %   138   9.3   %
Fixed assets under construction   457   473   474   (16   )   (3.4   )%   (1   )   (0.2   )%
Land and buildings   38   52   —   (14   )   (26.9   )%   52   —
Leasehold improvements   39   60   35   (21   )   (35.0   )%   25   71.4   %
Furniture and data processing equipment   1,112   946   845   166   17.5   %   101   12.0   %
Other   70   90   129   (20   )   (22.2   )%   (39   )   (30.2   )%
Intangible Assets   3,591   2,691   1,381   900   33.4   %   1,310   94.9   %
Goodwill   287   —   8   287   —   (8   )   —
Association for the promotion and offer of financial products and services   —   —   1   —   —   (1   )   —
Software developed or obtained for internal use   2,763   1,976   964   787   39.8   %   1,012   105.0   %
Other intangibles   541   715   408   (174   )   (24.3   )%   307   75.2   %
Total   5,307   4,312   2,864   995   23.1   %   1,448   50.6   %

See “Note 13 – Fixed Assets” and “Note 14 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets” to
our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

Capitalization

The table below presents our capitalization as of December 31, 2020. The information described is derived from our audited consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of the date of this annual report, there has been no material change in our capitalization since December 31, 2020.

136

Table of Contents

You should read the table below in conjunction with the information included in “Item 4B.
Business Overview – Selected Statistical Information” for further details.

As of December 31, 2020
Capitalization   R$   US$ (1)
(In millions, except percentages)
Current liabilities
Deposits   511,015   98,335
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   225,182   43,332
Structured notes   11   2
Derivatives   36,465   7,017
Interbank market funds   94,921   18,266
Institutional market funds   19,339   3,721
Other financial liabilities   112,745   21,695
Provision for insurance and private pension   3,063   589
Provisions   5,927   1,141
Tax liabilities   2,878   554
Other Non-financial liabilities   35,248   6,783
Total   1,046,794   201,435
Long-term liabilities
Deposits   297,995   57,343
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   48,182   9,272
Structured notes   132   25
Derivatives   43,040   8,282
Interbank market funds   61,114   11,760
Institutional market funds   118,969   22,893
Other financial liabilities   6,184   1,190
Provision for insurance and private pension   217,937   41,939
Provision for Expected Loss   4,392   845
Provisions   13,892   2,673
Tax liabilities   2,411   464
Other Non-financial liabilities   3,263   628
Total   817,511   157,314
Income tax and social contribution—deferred   421   81
Non-controlling interests   11,532   2,219
Stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company (2)   142,993   27,516
Total capitalization (3)   2,019,251   388,565
BIS ratio (4)   14.5   %

(1)   Convenience translation at 5.1967 reais per U.S. dollar, the exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2020.
5.1967

(2)   Itaú Unibanco Holding’s authorized and outstanding share capital consists of 4,958,290,359 common
shares and 4,801,324,161 preferred shares, all of which are fully paid. For more information regarding our share capital see Note 19 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended December 31, 2020.

(3)   Total capitalization corresponds to the sum of total current liabilities, long-term liabilities, deferred
income, minority interest in subsidiaries and stockholders’ equity.

(4)   Calculated by dividing total regulatory capital by risk weight assets.

Sensitivity Analyses (Trading and Banking Portfolios)

As required by Brazilian regulation, we conduct sensitivity analyses for market risk factors considered important. The highest resulting losses
are presented below, with impact on result, by risk factor, in each such scenario and are calculated net of tax effects, providing a view of our exposure under different circumstances.

The sensitivity analyses of the Trading Portfolio and Banking Portfolio presented here are based on a static assessment of the portfolio
exposure. Therefore, such analyses do not consider the dynamic response capacity of management (e.g., treasury and market risk control unit) to initiate mitigating measures, whenever a situation of high loss or risk is identified, minimizing the
possibility of significant losses. In addition, the analysis is intended to assess risk exposure and the respective protective actions, taking into account the fair value of financial instruments, regardless of whether or not financial instruments
are accounted for on an accrual basis.

137

Table of Contents

Exposures   Trading Portfolio (1) December 31, 2020   Trading and Banking Portfolios(1) December 31, 2020
Risk Factors   Risk of varitions in:   Scenario I   Scenario II   Scenario III   Scenario I   Scenario II   Scenario III
(In millions of R$)
Interest Rate   Fixed Income Interest Rates in reais   —   (12.6)   (24.7)   (7.4)   (731.9)   (1,435.6)
Foreign Exchange Linked   Foreign Exchange Linked Interest Rates   0.5   0.6   4.0   (5.4)   (224.6)   (430.0)
Foreign Exchange Rates   Prices of Foreign Currencies   (3.8)   (69.4)   112.6   (0.7)   (49.3)   123.9
Price Index Linked   Interest of Inflation coupon   (0.7)   (36.7)   (72.7)   (0.9)   (215.3)   (516.2)
TR   TR Linked Interest Rates   —   —   —   1.1   (67.9)   (161.9)
Equities   Prices of Equities   0.7   16.4   3.3   9.3   (197.7)   (425.2)
Other   Exposures that do not fall under the definitions above   —   (11.0)   (33.3)   (0.1)   (11.3)   (34.4)
Total   (3.3)   (112.7)   (10.8)   (4.1)   (1,498.0)   (2,879.4)

(1)   Amounts net of tax effects.

•   Scenario I: Addition of one basis point to fixed interest rates, currency coupon, inflation and interest rate
indexes and one percentage point to currency and equity prices;

•   Scenario II: Shocks of 25% in fixed interest rates, currency coupon, inflation, interest rate indexes and
currency and share prices, both for growth and fall, considering the largest resulting losses per risk factor; and

•   Scenario III: Shocks of 50% in fixed interest rates, currency coupon, inflation, interest rate indexes and
currency and share prices, both for growth and fall, considering the largest resulting losses per risk factor.

Interest Rate
Sensitivity

Interest rate sensitivity is the relationship between market interest rates and net interest income arising from the
maturity or the renegotiation of prices of interest-bearing assets and liabilities.

Our strategy for interest rate sensitivity considers
the return rates, the underlying risk level and the liquidity requirements, including our minimum regulatory cash reserves, mandatory liquidity ratios, withdrawals and maturity of deposits, capital costs and additional demand for funds.

The pricing structure is matched when equal amounts of these assets or liabilities mature or are renegotiated. Any mismatch of
interest-bearing assets and liabilities is known as a gap position. The interest rate sensitivity may vary in the renegotiation periods presented due to the different renegotiation dates within the period. Also, variations among the different
currencies in which the interest rate positions are denominated may arise.

These relationships are material for a particular date, and
significant fluctuations may occur on a daily basis as a result of both market forces and management decisions. Our “CSRML” analyzes Itaú Unibanco Group’s gap position on a monthly basis and establishes limits for market risk
exposure, interest rate positions and foreign currency positions.

Please see “Note 32 – Risk and Capital Management, 2. Market
Risk” of our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about the position of our interest-bearing assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2020. This note provides a snapshot view, and accordingly, does not reflect the
interest rate gaps that may exist at other times, due to changing asset and liability positions, and management’s actions to manage risk in these changing positions.

LIBOR Transition

In 2018 we assembled a
working group to follow up on the international financial markets discussions regarding the replacement of the IBOR rates by new reference rates. The main goal of this working group was, and still is, to support our senior executives in the
decision-making process on this subject. In order to achieve that, this group is comprised of several areas of the bank, including representatives from Treasury, Risk, Accounting, Legal, Compliance, External Units, etc., and is being led by the
Products team at the head office in Brazil.

Among its actions over the past two years, we can highlight the following:
(i) assessment of the bank’s exposure to IBORs; (ii) the amendment of fallback clauses in the contracts of assets, liabilities and derivatives transactions indexed to IBORs; (iii) monitoring and active participation in market
consultations held by ISDA and the Fed with regards to new

138

Table of Contents

replacement rates and its methodologies; (iv) follow up reports for the Senior Management in several committees (Products, Accounting, Audit and Market Risk Committees); (v) analysis of
accounting impacts and new procedures to be applied to the transactions in our portfolios, as well as monitoring any announcements of the main global accounting bodies (IASB and FASB) and participation in discussions held in specific international
forums; (vi) mapping out the operational impact of the transition to the new rates; and (vii) communications to clients regarding the discontinuity of IBOR rates, in addition to discussions with foreign banks that are members of the
Alternative Reference Rate Committee to further monitor the subject.

Throughout 2020, the working group continued to follow market
guidelines and acted in the implementation of previously defined action plans, including systems changes to the new rate methodologies for both new transactions and for the current portfolio, which are still pending. We have also adhered, in
February 2021, to the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association published on October 23, 2020, which will enable market participants to incorporate the revisions into their legacy
non-cleared
 derivatives trades with other counterparties as part of IBOR transition. The Itaú Unibanco Group will keep up with the periodic reports to Senior Management and clients whenever it deems
necessary.

Exchange Rate Sensitivity

Most of our banking operations are denominated in or indexed to Brazilian
reais
. We also have assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currency, mainly in U.S. dollars, as well as assets and liabilities that, although denominated in Brazilian
reais
, are indexed to U.S. dollars and, therefore, expose us to exchange rate risk. The Central Bank regulates our foreign
currency positions. Please see “Note 32 – Risk and Capital Management, 2. Market Risk” of our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.

The gap management adopted by the CSRML takes into consideration the tax effects with respect to our foreign exchange positions. Since the
gains from the foreign exchange rate variation on investments abroad are not taxed, we set up a hedge (a liability in foreign currency derivative instruments) in an amount sufficient so that our total foreign exchange exposure, net of tax effects,
is consistent with our low risk exposure strategy.

Our foreign exchange position on the liability side is composed of various elements,
including the issuance of securities in international capital markets, credit from foreign banks used to finance import and export transactions, dollar-linked onlendings from government financial institutions and deposits in currencies of Latin
America countries. The proceeds of these financial operations are usually invested in loans and in the purchase of dollar-linked securities.

The information set forth in the table below was prepared on a consolidated basis, eliminating transactions between related parties. Our
investments abroad, which are eliminated when we consolidate the accounting information, represented R$60,7 billion as of December 31, 2020, under the gap management policy adopted, as mentioned above. We apply either economic hedges or
hedge accounting to those net investments abroad.

139

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2020
Exchange Rate Sensitivity   Brazilian currency   Denominated in foreign currency (1)   Indexed to foreign currency (1)   Total   % of amounts denominated in and indexed to foreign currency of total
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Assets   1,464,342   514,648   40,260   2,019,251   27.5
Cash   9,169   34,133   2,922   46,224   80.2
At Amortized Cost   929,754   324,291   21,754   1,275,799   27.1
Compulsory deposits in the Central Bank of Brazil   90,059   —   —   90,059   —
Interbank deposits   17,775   37,910   —   55,685   68.1
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   237,529   2,414   —   239,943   1.0
Securities   103,146   26,658   —   129,804   20.5
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio   446,207   245,815   22,082   714,104   37.5
Other financial assets   67,425   25,830   —   93,255   27.7
(-) Provision for Expected Loss   (32,387   )   (14,336   )   (328   )   (47,051   )   31.2
At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income   46,704   60,940   2,298   109,942   57.5
Securities   46,704   60,940   2,298   109,942   57.5
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   370,685   81,627   13,269   465,581   20.4
Securities   360,885   23,353   4,833   389,071   7.2
Derivatives   9,794   58,274   8,436   76,504   87.2
Other financial assets   6   —   —   6   —
Investments in associates and joint ventures   15,568   2   —   15,570   —
Fixed assets, net   5,790   1,147   —   6,937   16.5
Goodwill and Intangible assets, net   11,305   6,025   —   17,330   34.8
Tax assets   62,443   3,652   —   66,095   5.5
Other assets   12,925   2,831   17   15,773   18.1
Percentage of total assets   72.5   25.6   2.0   100.1
Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity   1,428,446   571,148   19,657   2,019,251   29.3
At Amortized Cost   986,826   498,388   10,427   1,495,641   34.0
Deposits   559,303   249,115   592   809,010   30.9
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   225,476   47,888   —   273,364   17.5
Interbank market debt   86,017   68,649   1,369   156,035   44.9
Institutional market debt   14,154   117,470   6,684   138,308   89.8
Other financial liabilities   101,876   15,266   1,782   118,924   14.3
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   12,750   63,985   2,918   79,653   84.0
Derivatives   12,745   63,842   2,918   79,505   84.0
Structured notes   —   143   —   143   100.0
Other financial liabilities   5   —   —   5   —
Provision for Expected Loss   3,638   737   17   4,392   17.2
Loan Commitments   3,124   350   11   3,485   10.4
Financial Guarantees   514   387   6   907   43.3
Reserves for insurance and private pension   221,000   —   —   221,000   —
Provisions   19,659   160   —   19,819   0.8
Tax liabilities   4,716   994   —   5,710   17.4
Other liabilities   25,332   6,884   6,295   38,511   34.2
Non-controlling interests   11,532   —   —   11,532   —
Total stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company   142,993   —   —   142,993   —
Percentage of total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   70.7   28.3   1.0   100.0

(1)   Predominantly U.S. dollar.

Backtesting

The effectiveness of the VaR
model is validated by the use of backtesting techniques that compare hypothetical and effective daily results with the estimated daily VaR. The number of exceptions to the VaR
pre-established
 limits should be
consistent, within an acceptable margin, with the hypothesis of 99% confidence level considering a period of 250 business days. Confidence levels of 97.5% and 95%, and periods of 500 and 750 business days are also considered. The backtesting
analysis presented below considers the ranges suggested by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The ranges are divided into:

•   Green (0 to 4 exceptions): corresponds to backtesting results that do not suggest any problems with the quality
or accuracy of the adopted models;

•   Yellow (5 to 9 exceptions): refers to an intermediate range group, which indicates an early warning and/or
monitoring and may indicate the need to review the model; and

•   Red (10 or more exceptions): demonstrates the need for improvement action.

According to Central Bank Circular No. 3,646, hypothetical testing consists of applying market price variations for a specific day to the
portfolio balance at the end of the preceding business day. The effective test is the variation in the portfolio value up to the end of the day, including intraday transactions and excluding amounts not related to market price variations, such as
fees, brokerage fees and commissions.

The regulatory VaR model had two backtesting exceptions in the 250 business days ended
December 31, 2020.

140

Table of Contents

5C.   Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, Etc.

For the past three years, we have not had any research and development policies in effect.

5D.   Trend Information

We expect many factors to affect our future results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, including:

•   the Brazilian economic environment (please see “Item 5A. Operating Results — Factors Affecting Our
Results of Operations — Brazilian Context” and “Item 3D. Risk Factors — Macroeconomic Risks —Domestic Scenario” for further details);

•   legal and regulatory developments (please see “Item 4B. Business Overview — Supervision and
Regulation,” “Item 5A. Operating Results — Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations — Brazilian Context” and “Item 3D. Risk Factors — Legal and Regulatory Risks” for further details);

•   the effects of any ongoing international financial turmoil, including on the liquidity and capital requirement
(please see “Item 4B. Business Overview — Supervision and Regulation,” “Item 5A. Operating Results — Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations — Global Context” and “Item 3D. Risk Factors
— Macroeconomic Risks — Domestic Scenario” for further details);

•   the inflation effects on the results of our operations (please see “Item 5A. Operating Results —
Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations — Brazilian Context” and “Item 3D. Risk Factors — Macroeconomic Risks — Domestic Scenario” for further details);

•   the effects of the variations in the value of the Brazilian real , foreign exchange rates and interest
rates on our net interest income (please see “Item 5A. Operating Results” and “Item 3D. Risk Factors— Macroeconomic Risks—Domestic Scenario” for further details); and

•   any acquisitions we may make in the future (please see “Item 3D. Risk Factors—Risks Associated with our
Business—The integration of acquired or merged businesses involves certain risks that may have a material adverse effect on us” for further details).

As part of our strategy, we continue to review growth opportunities, both in Brazil and outside of Brazil. Additionally, please see “Item
3D. Risk Factors” for comments on the risks faced in our operations and that could affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

5E.   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We do not have any
off-balance
 sheet arrangements, other than the guarantees we granted that are
described in “Note 32 – Risk and Capital Management, 1.1 – Collateral and policies for mitigating credit risk” and “1.4 – Maximum Exposure of Financial Assets to Credit Risk” of our audited consolidated financial
statements and Item 4B. Business Overview – Selected Statistical Information – Assets – Portfolio of Securities and Derivative Financial Instruments”. Please see “Item 5B. Liquidity and Capital –, Exchange Rate
Sensitivity” for further details.

5F.   Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations

The table below summarizes the maturity profile of our consolidated long-term debt, operating leases and other contractual commitments as of
December 31, 2020:

141

Table of Contents

Payments due by period
Contractual Obligations   Total   Less than 1 year   1-3 years   3-5 years   More than 5 years
(In millions of R$)
Interbank market debt (1)(3)   164,353   111,635   43,549   3,357   5,812
Institutional market debt (2)(3)   161,497   23,071   64,703   34,681   39,042
Time Deposits (3)   577,580   197,424   137,722   218,061   24,373
Operating and capital (finance) lease obligations   6,038   1,278   2,085   745   1,930
Financial Guarantees   68,933   27,350   8,702   975   31,906
Commitments to be released   320,905   155,936   27,579   29,866   107,524
Letters of credit to be released   41,477   41,477   —   —   —
Pension Obligations   1,160   120   236   233   571
Health Benefits   923   144   289   197   293
Total   1,342,866   558,435   284,865   288,115   211,451

(1)   Includes mortgage notes, real estate credit bills, agribusiness credit bills, financial credit bills, import and
export financing and on-lending - domestic.

(2)   Includes subordinated debt, debentures and foreign borrowings through securities.

(3)   Includes total estimated interest payments (including for derivatives). These estimated interest payments were
calculated substantially based on the interbank forward rates at the specific periods.

5G.   Safe Harbor

See “Forward-Looking Statements” of this annual report.

ITEM 6.   DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES

6A.   Directors and Senior Management

Executive Committee

Our Executive
Committee is responsible for conducting strategies for business and products developed by us and implementing guidelines proposed by the Board of Directors.

Our Executive Committee has a term of office of one year, which continues to be effective until the investiture of the members elected by the
Board of Directors held immediately after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.

In 2020, we made significant changes to our Executive
Committee. The new configuration aims to bring the Executive Committee closer to the business and, thus, simplify our operation and management model, allowing greater autonomy and speed in decision making.

Below are details of the new Executive Committee and its composition:

Change in the Board of Directors

On April 27, 2021, Maria Helena dos Santos Fernandes de Santana and Candido Botelho Bracher were elected as members of the Board of
Directors.

Annual Shareholder’s Meeting

As of December 31, 2020, our Board of Directors consisted of the following members: Pedro Moreira Salles, Roberto Egydio Setubal, Ricardo
Villela Marino, Alfredo Egydio Setubal, Ana Lucia de Mattos Barretto Villela, Fábio Colletti Barbosa, Frederico Trajano Ignácio Rodrigues, Gustavo Jorge Laboissière Loyola, João Moreira Salles, José Galló,
Marco Ambrogio Crespi Bonomi, Pedro Luiz Bodin de Moraes.

On April 27, 2021 at our annual shareholders’ meeting Pedro Moreira
Salles, Roberto Egydio Setubal, Alfredo Egydio Setubal, Ana Lúcia de Mattos Barretto Villela, Fábio Colletti Barbosa, Frederico Trajano Inácio Rodrigues João Moreira Salles, Marco Ambrogio Crespi Bonomi, Pedro Luiz Bodin
de Moraes and Ricardo Villela Marino were reelected as members of our Board of Directors, each for a term of one year. We deemed the directors Fábio Colletti Barbosa, Frederico Trajano Inácio Rodrigues, Marco Ambrogio Crespi Bonomi,
Maria Helena dos Santos Fernandes de Santana and Pedro Luiz Bodin de Moraes to be independent members representing 41.66% of our Board of Directors. With respect to our Fiscal Committee on the same date, Alkimar Ribeiro Moura was reelected as an
effective member and João Costa was reelected as his alternate; José Caruso Cruz Henriques was reelected as an effective member and Reinaldo Guerreiro, was reelected as his alternate. Artemio Bertholini was elected as an effective
member and Rene Guimarães Andrich was reelected an alternate member.

142

Table of Contents

Board of Officers and Members of our Audit Committee

As of December 31, 2020, our Audit Committee consisted of the following members: Antonio Carlos Barbosa de Oliveira, Antonio Francisco de
Lima Neto, Diego Fresco Gutierrez (the financial expert), Gustavo Jorge Laboissière Loyola, Luciana Pires Dias, Otavio Yazbek and Rogério Paulo Calderón Peres.

On April 29, 2021 at the Meeting of the Board of Directors, the members of our Board of Officers were reelected for a term of office of
one year. Gustavo Jorge Laboissière Loyola, Luciana Pires Dias and Otávio Yazbek were reelected as members of the Audit Committee for a term of office of one year. Alexandre de Barros, Rogério Carvalho Braga and Ricardo Baldin
(the financial expert) were also elected.

The elections and reelections of the members are subjective to approval by the Central Bank.

143

Table of Contents

144

Table of Contents

Board of Directors

Pedro Moreira Salles
(Non-Executive

Co-Chairman)

has been a
Co-chairman
 of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2017, and he was also the Chairman of the Board of Directors (2009 to 2017) and Executive Vice President (2008 to 2009). He has held
several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including CEO (2004 to 2008).

He serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors at Instituto
Unibanco; Board of Directors at the Federação Brasileira de Bancos (FEBRABAN); Board of Directors at Companhia Brasileira de Metalurgia e Mineração (CBMM); and Board of Directors at Alpargatas S.A. He is also a Member of
the Decision-Making Council, the INSPER’s Board of Associates, and the Board of Directors at Fundação Osesp.

He holds a Bachelor’s
degree, magna cum laude, in Economics and History from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), U.S. He holds a Master’s degree in International Relations from the Yale University and he has attended the OPM – Owner/President
Management Program at the Harvard University, both in the United States.

Roberto Egydio Setubal
(Non-Executive

Co-Chairman)

has been a
Co-chairman
 of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2017. He was also the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (2003
to 2017) and CEO (1994 to 2017). He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Senior Vice President (“Diretor Geral”) (1990 to 1994).

He has served as Vice President at Itaúsa S.A. since 1994 and as the Chairman of the Accounting Policies Committee (2008 to 2011).

Since 1994 he has been a Member of the Board of the International Monetary Conference. He was President of the Federação Nacional dos Bancos
(FENABAN) and of the Federação Brasileira de Bancos (FEBRABAN) (1997 to 2001) and President of the Advisory Board of the Federação Brasileira de Bancos (FEBRABAN) (2008 to 2017). In 2000, Mr. Setubal became a Member
of the Trilateral Commission and the International Board of the NYSE and in 2002 he became a Member of the International Advisory Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. In 2010, he became a Member of the China Development Forum.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Production Engineering from the Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo,
Brazil and a Master of Science degree in Engineering from the Stanford University, California, U.S.

Ricardo Villela Marino
(Non-Executive
 Vice President)
has been a Vice President of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2020. He was also a Member of the Board of Directors (2008 a 2020) and the Chairman of
the bank’s Latin America Strategic Council since 2018. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2002, including Vice President (2010 to 2018). He has also been an Alternate Member of the Board of Directors of
Itaúsa S.A. since 2011; Alternate Member of the Board of Directors of Duratex S.A. since 2009; Alternate Member of the Board of Directors of Itautec S.A. (2009 to 2019) and Alternate Member of the Board of Directors of Elekeiroz S.A. (2009 to
2018).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo (USP),
São Paulo, Brazil and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the MIT Sloan School of Management, Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.

Alfredo Egydio Setubal
(Non-Executive
 Member)
has been a Member of the Board of Directors at the Itaú
Unibanco Group since 2007. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Vice President (1996 to 2015), Investor Relations Officer (1995 to 2015), Executive Officer (1993 to 1996), and Managing Director (1988 to 1993).
He has been a Member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee since 2009, a Member of the Personnel Committee and the Risk and Capital Management Committee since 2015, a Member of the Social Responsibility Committee since 2019, and he
was a Member of the Accounting Policies Committee (2008 to 2009).

He has been the CEO and Investor Relations Officer at Itaúsa S.A. since 2015,
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2008, a Member of the Disclosure and Trading Committee since 2009, having been Coordinator to this Committee since 2015, a Member of the Investment Policies Committee (2008 to 2011), Coordinator of the
Investment Committee and a Member of the Finance, the Personnel and Ethics, and the Sustainability and Risks committees since 2017.

Mr. Setubal has
been a Member of the Board of Directors and of the Strategy Committee at Alpargatas S.A. since 2017, a Member of the Board of Directors since 2015,
Co-chairman
 of the Board since 2017 and a Member of the
Personnel, Governance and Nomination Committee since 2015 at Duratex S.A.

He has been Chairman of the Board of Trustees since 2008 at the
Fundação Itaú para Educação e Cultura; a Member of the Board of Directors of the Museu de Arte Moderna de São Paulo (MAM) since 1992 and of the Instituto de Arte Contemporânea. He has been Vice
Chairman of the Board of Directors at the Fundação Bienal de São Paulo since 2017 (and a Member since 2009) and Chairman of the Decision-Making Council at the Museu de Arte de São Paulo (MASP) since 2018.

145

Table of Contents

Mr. Setubal also served as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Associação Brasileira das
Companhias Abertas (ABRASCA) (1999 to 2017) and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors at the Instituto Itaú Cultural (2005 to 2019), having worked as a Board Member (1993 to 2005), Executive Vice President (2005 to 2019) and an Executive
Officer (1996 to 2005).

He holds Bachelor’s and Postgraduate degrees in Business Administration from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV),
São Paulo, Brazil, with specialization from INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France.

Ana Lúcia de Mattos Barretto Villela
(Non-Executive
 Member)
 has been a Member of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2018. She has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Member of the Board of
Directors (1996 to 2001).

Ms. Villela has also been an Alternate Member of the Board of Directors of IUPAR – Itaú Unibanco
Participações S.A. since 2018; Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
(non-executive
 Member) of Itaúsa S.A. since 2017; Member of the Sustainability Committee (2015 to 2018) of Duratex
S.A.;
Co-Founder
 of AlanaLab (Maria Farinha Filmes, Flow, Jungle Bee) since 2014; Founding President of Alana Foundation since 2012; CEO of Instituto Alana since 2002; Member of the Advisory Board at Instituto
Brincante since 2001 and Fellow Ashoka since 2010.

She has been a Member of the Innovation Board of XPRIZE since 2018. First representative from Latin
America on the Innovation Board of XPRIZE, a
non-profit
 organization created by Peter Diamandis, who designs and manages global competitions to encourage the development of new technologies that may help solve
some of mankind’s major challenges.

She was a Member of the Advisory Board at Instituto Akatu (2013 to 2017); Member of the Advisory Board at
Commercial Free Childhood (CCFC) (2015 to 2017) and Member of the Advisory Board at Conectas (2003 to 2018).

She holds a Bachelor’s degree in
Teaching with major in School Administration and a Master’s degree in Educational Psychology, both from the Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo
(PUC-SP),
 São Paulo,
Brazil and took graduate studies in Business Administration from Fundação Armando Álvares Penteado (FAAP), São Paulo, Brazil (incomplete), and postgraduate studies in Administration in the Third Sector from the
Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil (incomplete).

Candido Botelho Bracher

(Non-Executive
 Member)
has been a Member of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including CEO (2017 to
2021), Wholesale Banking Senior Vice President (“Diretor Geral”) (2015 to 2017) and Vice President (2004 a 2015).

Mr. Bracher was also a
Member of the Board of Directors (2009 to 2014) of BM&FBOVESPA S.A. – Bolsa de Valores, Mercadorias e Futuros (currently B3 S.A. – Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão), an Alternate Member of the Board of Directors (1999 to 2005), and a
Member of the Board of Directors (2005 to 2013) of Pão de Açúcar – Companhia Brasileira de Distribuição.

He holds
a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil.

Fábio
Colletti Barbosa (Independent Member)
has been a Member of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2015.

He has been a Member
of the Board of Directors of Natura Group since 2017; a Member of the Board of Directors of Cia. Hering since 2017; and a Member of the Board of Directors of Companhia Brasileira de Metalurgia e Mineração (CBMM) since 2015.

He was CEO (2011 to 2014) at Abril Comunicações S.A.; Chairman of the Board of Directors (2011) at Banco Santander (Brazil) S.A.; CEO (2008
to 2010) at Banco Santander S.A.; and CEO (1998 to 2008) at Banco Real S.A.

Mr. Barbosa also served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of
Fundação OSESP (2012 to 2019) and is presently a Board Member at UN Foundation (U.S.) since 2011; a Member of the Board of Directors of Instituto Empreender Endeavor since 2008 (Chairman since 2015); a Member of the Board of Directors
of Almar Participações S.A. since 2013 and a Member of the Investment Committee of Gávea Investimentos since 2015.

He holds a
Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Institute for Management Development, Lausanne, Switzerland.

Frederico Trajano Inácio Rodrigues (Independent Member)
has been a Member of the Board of Directors of the Itaú Unibanco Group since
2020.

He has been the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Magazine Luiza S.A. since 2015 and was an Executive Sales and Marketing Officer (2010 to 2015), a
Commercial Officer, and was in charge of the Marketing Office (2004 to 2010). He started his career in 2000, being responsible for the
E-Commerce
 department. Mr. Rodrigues has been an Effective Member of
the Board of Directors of Luizaseg Seguros S.A. since 2005 and worked in the retail and consumer goods departments at Deutsche Bank Securities (1998 to 1999).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil and attended the
Program for Executives from the University of California, Stanford, U.S.

146

Table of Contents

João Moreira Salles
(Non-Executive
 Member)
has been a
Member of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2017.

He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including
Officer at IUPAR – Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. since 2018, and he was a Member of the Board of Directors (2015 to 2018). He was a Member of the Board of Directors at XP Investimentos S.A. (2018 to 2019).

Mr. Moreira Salles is currently an Officer of Brasil Warrant Administração de Bens e Empresas S.A. (BWSA), where, since 2013, he has been
overseeing the management of BW Gestão de Investimentos (BWGI) as a member of the Investment, Risk and Operational Committees of the firm, and has been responsible for the monitoring of other BWSA subsidiaries. He has been a Partner and a
Member of the Investment Committee of Cambuhy Investimentos Ltda. since 2013 and was a Member of the Board of Directors of investee Parnaíba Gás Natural (2014 to 2017). Before joining BWSA and Cambuhy, he had been an Investment Banker
at J. P. Morgan Chase, New York, U.S.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Instituto de Ensino e Pesquisa (INSPER), São Paulo,
Brazil; Master’s degree in Economics from Columbia University, GSAS, New York, U.S.; Master’s degree in Finance from Columbia

University, GSB, New York, U.S. and a Ph.D. in Economic Theory from the Universidade de São Paulo
(FEA-USP),
 São Paulo, Brazil.

Marco Ambrogio Crespi Bonomi (Independent Member)
has been a Member of the
Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2017. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 1998, including Senior Vice President (“Diretor Geral”) (2015 to 2017).

He was Vice President (2004 to 2011) of the Associação Nacional das Instituições de Crédito, Financiamento e Investimento
(ACREFI).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the Fundação Armando Álvares Penteado (FAAP), São Paulo, Brazil
and attended a Financial Executive Advanced course at the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil and a course on Capital Markets at the New York University, New York, U.S.

Maria Helena dos Santos Fernandes de Santana (Independent Member)

has been a Member of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group
since 2021. She has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Member of the Audit Committee (2014 to 2020).

She has been a
Member of the Board of Directors and the Chairwoman of the Audit Committee at XP Inc. since 2019, having served as the Chairwoman of the Audit Committee at XP Investimentos S.A. (2018 to 2019). She has been a Member of the Board of Directors and
Coordinator of the People, Appointment and Governance Committee at Oi S.A. since 2018, and a Member of the Board of Directors at Grupo BIG S.A. since 2021.

Ms. Santana served as a Member of the Board of Directors at Bolsas y Mercados Españoles (BME) (2016 to 2020); Member of the Board of Trustees at
the IFRS Foundation (2014 to 2019); Member of the Board of Directors and Chairwoman of the Corporate Governance Committee at Companhia Brasileira de Distribuição S.A. (2013 to 2017); Member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee
Coordinator at Totvs S.A. (2013 to 2017); Member of the Board of Directors at CPFL Energia S.A. (2013 a 2015); Chairwoman of the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (CVM) (2007 to 2012) and Officer (2006 to 2007). She represented CVM at the
Financial Stability Board (FSB) (2009 to 2012).

She was Chairwoman of the Executive Committee at the International Organization of Securities Commissions
(IOSCO) (2011 to 2012), and also a Member of the International Integrated Reporting Committee (IIRC) in the same period.

She worked at the Bolsa de
Valores de São Paulo – BM&F Bovespa S.A. (currently B3 S.A. – Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão) (1994 to 2006), initially at the Special Projects department and subsequently as Executive Superintendent of Company Relations (2000 to
2006).

Ms. Santana was Vice President of the Instituto Brasileiro de Governança Corporativa (IBGC) (2004 to 2006). She has been a Member of
the Latin-American Roundtable on Corporate Governance (OECD/WB Group) since 2000.

She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the Faculdade de
Economia, Administração, Contabilidade e Atuária (FEA) of the Universidade de São Paulo (USP) São Paulo, Brazil.

Pedro Luiz Bodin de Moraes (Independent Member)
has been a Member of the Board of Directors at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2009. He was a
Member of the Board of Directors (2003 to 2008) at the Itaú Unibanco Group.

He has been a partner at Cambuhy Investimentos Ltda. since 2011 and at
Ventor Investimentos Ltda. since 2009.

He was an Officer (2002 to 2003) and a Partner (2005 to 2014) at Icatu Holding S.A.; and an Officer and a Partner
(1993 to 2002) at Banco Icatu S.A.

Mr. Bodin de Moraes also served as Monetary Policy Officer at the Banco Central do Brasil (1991 to 1992) and as an
Officer at Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social (BNDES) (1990 to 1991).

147

Table of Contents

He holds Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in Economics from the Pontifícia Universidade
Católica do Rio de Janeiro
(PUC-RJ),
 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and a Ph.D. in Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.

Board of Officers—Executive Committee

Milton
Maluhy Filho (CEO)
 has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2011 and Chief Executive Officer at Itaú Unibanco Group since February 2, 2021, having served as CFO and CRO. Mr. Maluhy has held several positions at the
Itaú Unibanco Group, including Vice President (2019 to 2020) and CEO of Itaú Corpbanca (Chile) (2016 to 2018), being responsible for the merger of two banks, CorpBanca and Banco Itaú Chile.

He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 2002 and was elected Officer in 2007.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the Fundação Armando Álvares Penteado (FAAP), São Paulo, Brazil.

Alexandre Grossmann Zancani (Officer)
has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2019 and an Officer of the Executive Committee at the
Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021, having held the position of Executive Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group (2019 to 2021).

He was a Digital
Business, Data, New Undertakings and Innovation Officer (2017 to 2019); a Risk Officer – Individuals and Consumers (2015 to 2017); an Executive Credit Superintendent at Santander – Individuals and Financing Companies (2013 to 2015); an
Executive Credit Superintendent at Santander – Companies (2012 to 2013) at Santander (Brazil); an Executive Credit and Collection Superintendent (2009 to 2012) at Santander Cards and a Member of the Board of Directors (2017 to 2018) at Banco
PSA Finance Brasil S.A.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering from the Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo
(USP), São Paulo, Brazil and an MBA from the INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France.

Alexsandro Broedel (Officer and Chief Financial Officer)
has
been a partner in the Partners Program since 2017 and CFO of the Executive Committee since 2021, having held the position of Group Executive Finance Director (2015 to 2020) and Head of Investor Relations (2017 to 2020) at the Itaú Unibanco
Group. He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 2012 as the Finance and Control Officer. Mr. Broedel has previously served as an Officer at the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (CVM). He is a Full Professor at
FEA-USP
 and Trustee of the IFRS Foundation.

He holds Bachelor’s degrees in Accounting and Law from the Universidade
de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil. He holds a Ph.D. in Accounting and Finance from the Manchester Business School, Manchester, United Kingdom, and is a Chartered Management Accountant (FCMA, CGMA), London, United Kingdom.

André Luís Teixeira Rodrigues (Officer)
has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2010 and an Officer of the Executive Committee
at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He is currently responsible for the Retail Banking segment, which includes Itaú Branches, Itaú Personnalité, Companies departments, Public Authorities and Payroll segments, and is
also responsible in the Retail Banking segment for the Products and Franchising – Individuals and Companies, CRM, Digital Channels and User Experience (UX) departments, having held the position of Executive Officer (2008 to 2021). He joined the
Itaú Unibanco Group in 2000 and has been an Officer since 2005, having worked at the Banco Itaú BBA (2003 to 2018).

He holds a
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering with major in Automation and Systems (“Mechatronics”) from the Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil.

André Sapoznik (Officer)
has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2007 and an Officer of the Executive Committee at the Itaú
Unibanco Group since 2021, having held the position of Vice President (2016 to 2021). He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 1998 and was elected Officer in 2009.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil.

Carlos Fernando Rossi Constantini (Officer)
has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2015 and an Officer of the Executive Committee at the
Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He is currently responsible for the Wealth Management & Services division, which comprises Private Banking, Asset Management, and the Investment Products and Services departments, having held the
position of Executive Officer (2019 to 2021). In 2017, Mr. Constantini became the CEO at Itaú Unibanco in the United States and the Head of International Private Banking in Miami (2017 to 2018). He has held several positions at the
Itaú Unibanco Group, including Officer (2009 to 2017). He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 2007 as a Deputy Officer (2007 to 2009).

148

Table of Contents

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Production Engineering from the Escola Politécnica da Universidade de
São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil.

Flávio Augusto Aguiar de Souza (Officer)
 has been a partner in the Partners Program since
2015 and an Officer of the Executive Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He is currently responsible for the Commercial Banking department, which consolidates services to Large Corporate, Middle Market, Agribusiness segments and
the Real Estate market niche. He is also responsible for the Credit Recovery and Restructuring department, having held the position of Executive Officer (2013 to 2021).

Mr. de Souza served as Global Head of Wealth Management & Services department (2015 to 2018) and Global Head of Private Bank department (2012 to
2015). He started his career at Itaú Unibanco Group in 2009, when he joined as CEO at Banco Itaú International in Miami, U.S.

He was also
Vice President of the Associação Brasileira das Entidades dos Mercados Financeiro e de Capitais (ANBIMA) and Chairman of Anbima Board of Regulation and Best Practices for the Private Banking Market in Brazil.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil; postgraduate
degrees in Finance from Fundação Dom Cabral, São Paulo, Brazil and in Leadership Executive Education from Harvard Business School, Boston, U.S.

Leila Cristiane Barboza Braga de Melo (Officer)
 has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2007 and an Officer of the Executive Committee at the
Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. She is currently responsible for the entire Legal, External Ombudsman’s Office, Government Relations, Corporate Communication and Sustainability departments. She has held several positions at the
Itaú Unibanco Group, including Officer (2010 to 2015) and Executive Officer (2015 to 2021).

She joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 1997,
working in the Legal Advisory Department of Unibanco in operations involving banking products, credit card, and real estate and vehicle financing, and in projects related to mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructuring processes and capital
markets, among others, and was elected Deputy Officer in 2008.

She is also a Member of W.I.L.L. – Women in Leadership in Latin America (a
nongovernmental organization with international coverage focused on improving the individual and collective value of women in leadership positions in Latin America).

Ms. Melo also worked in the Project Finance and Securities Departments of the Debevoise & Plimpton firm in New York.

She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the Universidade de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil and attended a Specialization course on
Financial Law and Capital Markets from the Instituto Brasileiro de Mercado de Capitais (IBMEC), Brazil and on Fundamentals of Business Law from New York University, New York, U. S., and attended the Fellows Program IWF World Leadership Conference
and Gala, Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.; from Harvard Business School, Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S. and from INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France.

Matias Granata
(Officer)
has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2019 and an Officer of the Executive Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Officer (2014 to
2021), Market Risk Superintendent (2010 to 2014); Operational Risk Superintendent (2009 to 2010); Senior Treasury Trader, Proprietary Desk, São Paulo (2007 to 2009); Senior Treasury Trader, Proprietary Desk, London (2004 to 2007); Treasury
Trader, Proprietary Desk, São Paulo (2003 to 2004) and Senior Economic Research Economist (2002 to 2003).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in
Economics from Universidad de Buenos Aires (UBA), Buenos Aires, Argentina; postgraduate degree in Economics from Universidad Torcuato Di Tella (UTDT), Buenos Aires, Argentina and a Master’s degree in International Economic Policy from the
University of Warwick, British Chevening Scholarship, London, United Kingdom.

Pedro Paulo Giubbina Lorenzini (Officer)
has been an Officer of the
Executive Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He is currently responsible for the Treasury, Client and Product Desks and Macroeconomics departments and for the bank`s operations in South America (Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay and
Itaú Corpbanca), having held the position of Executive Officer 2021).

Mr. Lorenzini was responsible for the Markets, Securities Services and
Treasury (2008 to 2021); Sales and Structuring, ALM Management (2004 to 2008); Trading and Currency Management (2000 to 2004); Management of the ALM Department (1997 to 2000); several departments of the Treasury Products Sales to Corporate Clients
(1995 to 1997); Structuring and Development of Treasury Products (1993 to 1995); Product and Risk Management Manager (1992 to 1993); and responsible for Controllership and Management of Managerial Results from Corporate Products (1991 to 1992) at
Citigroup Brazil, and was a Trainee (1989 to 1991) at Citibank Brazil.

He was Chairman of the Treasury Committee (2010 to 2013) and Citibank’s
representative at the Board of Executive Officers at the Federação Brasileira de Bancos (FEBRABAN) (2013 to 2021), and Chairman of the Treasury Committee (2010 to 2012),

149

Table of Contents

and Vice President of the Associação Brasileira das Entidades dos Mercados Financeiro e de Capitais (ANBIMA) (2010 to 2021).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo

(PUC-SP),
 São Paulo, Brazil.

Ricardo Ribeiro Mandacaru Guerra (Officer)
has been a partner in the
Partners Program since 2015 and an Officer of the Executive Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021, having been in charge of the technology department in the position of CIO since 2015. He has held several positions at the
Itaú Unibanco Group, including Executive Officer (2014 to 2021), Channels Officer (2008 to 2014); Financing Products Superintendent—Individuals (2007 to 2008); Credit Policies Superintendent (2006 to 2007); Electronic Channels Management
Superintendent (2002 to 2006), and Internet Project Leader (1996 to 2000).

He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 1993 as a System Analyst.

He holds Bachelor’s degrees in Civil Engineering from the Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil,
and in Business Administration from the Faculdade de Economia, Administração, Contabilidade e Atuária da Universidade de São Paulo
(FEA-USP),
 São Paulo, Brazil, and an MBA
from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, Illinois, U.S.

Sergio Guillinet Fajerman (Officer)
has been a partner in the
Partners Program since 2007 and an Officer of the Executive Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He is currently responsible for the Personnel department. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including
Executive Officer (2017 to 2021) and Corporate Personnel Management Officer and Personnel Officer at the General Wholesale Banking Office (2010 to 2017). He is a representative of the Itaú Unibanco Group in the Human Resources Committee (CHR)
of FEBRABAN.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; MBA in
Corporate Finance from the Instituto Brasileiro de Mercado de Capitais (IBMEC), Brazil; MBA from INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France and has attended the Advanced HR Executive Program from the University of Michigan, Michigan, U.S.

Board of Officers—Officers

Adriano Cabral
Volpini

(Officer)
has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2017 and an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2012. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Superintendent of Prevention
of Unlawful Acts (2005 to 2012); Manager of Prevention of Unlawful Acts (2004 to 2005); Inspection Manager (2003); Inspector (1998 to 2003); Auditor (1996 to 1997) and in the Branch Operation Department (1991 to 1996). He also holds management
positions in several companies of the Itaú Unibanco Group.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Social Communication and a postgraduate degree in
Accounting and Financial Administration, both from the Fundação Armando Álvares Penteado (FAAP), São Paulo, Brazil and an MBA in Finance from the Instituto Brasileiro de Mercado de Capitais (IBMEC), Brazil.

Álvaro Felipe Rizzi Rodrigues

(Officer)
has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2017 and an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco
Group since 2014. He is currently responsible for the Legal Wholesale Banking Department (investment banking, treasury, wealth management services, banking products, allocated funds and onlending, international loans and foreign exchange), the
Proprietary M&A Legal Matters and Anti-Trust Legal Matters. Mr. Rodrigues had been previously responsible for the Institutional Legal Department (Corporate and Corporate Governance, Contracts, Intellectual Property and Corporate Paralegal
Matters), the International Legal Department and Legal Retail Banking Department (responsible for legal issues related to products and services of the retail banking, insurance and pension plan business). He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in
2005, serving as Legal Manager and Legal Superintendent (2005 to 2014). He also worked in the Corporate Law and Contract Law departments (1998 to 2005) at Tozzini Freire Advogados.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the Universidade de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil. He has also attended a specialization course
in Corporate Law from the Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo
(PUC-SP),
 São Paulo, Brazil, and holds a Master of Laws (L.L.M.) from Columbia University Law School, New
York, U.S.

Andre Balestrin Cestare

(Officer)
has been an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2017. He is currently responsible
for the Financial Planning of the Wholesale Banking and Technology and Operations department. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Financial Planning Officer—Retail Banking (2017 to 2019) and Finance
Superintendent (2010 to 2017).

Mr. Cestare was also a Member of the Board of Directors at Financeira Itaú CBD and ConectCar from 2017 to 2019.

150

Table of Contents

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Escola Politécnica da Universidade de
São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil; postgraduate degree in Business Administration and a Professional Master’s degree in Finance and Economics, both from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil.
He also attended the Executive Qualification Program from Fundação Dom Cabral, São Paulo, Brazil.

Daniel Sposito Pastore
(Officer)
has been an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2020. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Legal Superintendent working at the labor, criminal, union relations, higher courts, labor
advisory and WMS areas (2012 to 2020); Legal Manager, WMS, working at the international, Asset and Brokerage departments (2008 to 2011), Legal Lawyer, WMS (2004 to 2008); Lawyer, Banking Law (2002 to 2003), and Legal Assistant (M&A Legal) (2000
to 2002).

Mr. Pastore served at the Associação Brasileira das Entidades dos Mercados Financeiro e de Capitais (ANBIMA) as an effective
member of the Legal Committee (2012 to 2016), having served as Vice President (2015 to 2016); Coordinator and Liaison on behalf of ANBIMA with the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (CVM) for issuing and implementing new rules on
suitability, asset management and trust management and investment funds (2014 to 2016), and Coordinator of the revision of self-regulation codes for trust management, asset management and investment funds (2015 to 2016). He was also a member of the
legal labor committee (2017 to 2020) and the union negotiation committee (2020) at the Federação Brasileira de Bancos (FEBRABAN).

He
holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the Universidade Presbiteriana Mackenzie, São Paulo, Brazil, and a post-graduate degree in Financial and Capital Markets Law from the Instituto de Ensino e Pesquisa (INSPER), São Paulo,
Brazil.

Emerson Macedo Bortoloto

(Officer)
has been an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2011. He joined the Itaú
Unibanco Group in 2003, taking over a number of positions in the Internal Audit department. He is currently responsible for managing the Audit department, whose mission is to plan, carry out and report on audits in Itaú Unibanco Group Retail
processes and business, as well as its Wealth Management Services unit. He is also currently responsible for managing the planning, control and reporting of Itaú Unibanco’s Audit Committee’s activities.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Data Processing Technology; postgraduate degree in Audit and Consulting in Information Security from Faculdades Associadas
de São Paulo (FASP), São Paulo, Brazil. In 2004, he obtained the CISA certification issued by the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA). He also has an MBA in Internal Auditing from Fundação Instituto
de Pesquisas Contábeis, Atuariais e Financeiras (FIPECAFI), Brazil.

José Geraldo Franco Ortiz Junior

(Officer)
has been an
Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 2003 as an intern, and has served in a number of positions, such as: Legal Assistant (2003 to 2004); Lawyer (2004 to 2006); Senior Lawyer (2006 to
2008); Legal Manager (2009 to 2013), and Legal Superintendent (2013 to 2020). Mr. Ortiz Junior also worked as a foreign intern at law firm Jones Day of New York (2009) and as an intern at IBM Brasil (2001 to 2003).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the Faculdade de Direito da Universidade de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil, and a Master’s
degree (LL.M) from the Columbia University Law School, New York, U.S.

José Virgilio Vita Neto

(Officer)
has been a partner in the
Partners Program since 2008 and an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2011, being currently responsible for Tax Advisory and Litigation, Corporate Legal departments, in addition to the Legal Advisory of all Business departments of the
General Retail Banking Office. He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 2000, working as a lawyer until 2003, being responsible for the Wholesale Banking Legal Consulting department, particularly structured operations, and real estate loans.
Mr. Vita Neto worked as Legal Manager (2003 to 2008), being responsible for the Wholesale Banking Legal department, particularly structured operations, real estate loans, foreign exchange, derivatives and project finance, retail legal advisory
and administrative and investigative proceedings, including those related to consumer protection bodies. He also acted as Legal Superintendent (2008 to 2009), responsible for retail legal advisory, administrative and investigative proceedings,
litigation for major cases and public-interest civil actions. He worked as Legal Superintendent (2009 to 2011), being responsible for the Retail Legal Advisory, litigation for major cases and public-interest civil actions, management of appeals in
higher courts, administrative and investigative proceedings, and criminal prosecution.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the Universidade de
São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil; Master’s degree in Civil Law – Contracts from the Universidad de Salamanca – Spain; Ph.D. in Civil Law – Contracts from the Universidade de São Paulo (USP) São
Paulo, Brazil, and has attended the Authentic Leadership Development Program from the Harvard Business School, Boston, U.S.

Paulo Sergio Miron
(Officer)
has been a partner in the Partners Program since 2019 and an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021, having held the position of Executive Officer (2015 to 2021).

151

Table of Contents

He has been an Executive Officer at the Instituto Unibanco, and a Member of the Fiscal Council at the
Fundação Maria Cecilia Souto Vidigal and of the Fiscal Council at the Fundação Nova Escola.

He was a Partner at
PricewaterhouseCoopers, São Paulo, Brazil (1996 to 2015), having been the engagement partner responsible for the audit work at large Brazilian financial conglomerates, including Unibanco – União de Bancos Brasileiros (1997 to
2000), Banco do Brasil (2001 to 2005), and Itaú Unibanco S.A. (2009 to 2013).

He was a Partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers, responsible for the
Brasília office, Distrito Federal (DF), Brazil (2001 to 2008), having also been responsible for PwC Brazil’s government services (2004 to 2008) and banking departments (1997 to 2008).

Mr. Miron also coordinated the PwC Brazil’s department of training at financial institutions for over ten years, and worked as a college professor
for a number of years teaching financial market-related courses.

He is a Member of the Institute of Internal Auditors (The IIA) and a speaker at many
seminars on financial instruments and auditing issues.

He holds Bachelor’s degrees in Accounting from the Universidade São Judas Tadeu,
São Paulo, Brazil, and in Economics from the Universidade Presbiteriana Mackenzie, São Paulo, Brazil.

Renato Barbosa do Nascimento

(Officer)
has been an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2017, responsible for the internal audit function of the Wholesale Banking, Treasury, Risks, Accounting, Fiscal, Finance departments and foreign units.

He held several positions within PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes (São Paulo, Brazil), including Audit Partner from 2009 to 2017. He took
part in a three-year professional exchange program (2014 to 2017) and worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers in Mexico City, Mexico, as audit officer leading external audits in subsidiaries of international entities of the financial industry in Mexico.
His main responsibility as Audit Partner was to lead external audits in entities of the financial industry in São Paulo (2009 to 2017). In that period, Mr. Nascimento was also responsible for monitoring external audits carried out by the
PricewaterhouseCoopers teams of the United States, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Portugal, Chile, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay of subsidiaries of Brazilian financial institutions in these countries.

Also, at PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes (São Paulo, Brazil) he was Audit Senior Manager of the financial industry (2008 to 2009), and
his main responsibility was to manage teams in charge of carrying out audits of entities of the financial industry, regulated by the Banco Central do Brasil. Mr. Nascimento served as an Audit Senior Manager of the financial industry (2006 to
2008), and took part in a
two-year
 professional exchange program working at PricewaterhouseCoopers in London, United Kingdom, and his main responsibilities were managing external audits of British financial
institutions in England, managing external audits of subsidiaries of international banks, as well as the resulting development of knowledge on the application of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), Sarbanes Oxley (SOx) rules and
policies issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB).

He holds Bachelor’s degrees in Accounting and in Business Administration,
both from the Universidade Paulista, São Paulo, Brazil and Master’s degree in Business Administration (MBA) from Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil.

Renato da Silva Carvalho

(Officer)
has been an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2020. He is currently responsible for the
Wholesale Banking’s Financial Planning department. Mr. Carvalho has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Finance Superintendent, Wholesale Banking (2017 to 2020) and Market and Liquidity Risk
Superintendent/Manager (2010 to 2017).

He worked as Investment Market Risk Associate Director (2008 to 2010) at Fidelity International LTD (London, United
Kingdom), Market Risk Associate Director (2006 to 2008) at Mizuho International LTD (London, United Kingdom), and Market and Liquidity Risk Analyst (1998 to 2006) at Banco Brascan S.A. (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Production Engineering from the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; an Executive MBA in
Finance from the Instituto Brasileiro de Mercado de Capitais (IBMEC), Brazil; an MBA in System Analysis, Project and Management from the Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro

(PUC-RJ),
 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; and a M.Sc.in Production Engineering from the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; and he has attended the Executive Program from the
Fundação Dom Cabral, Minas Gerais, Brazil. He is a certified Professional Risk Manager (PRM) by the Professional Risk Management International Association (PRMIA) and a Financial Risk Manager (FRM) by the Global Association of Risk
Professionals (GARP).

Renato Lulia Jacob

(Officer and Head of Investor Relations and Market Intelligence)
has been an Officer at the
Itaú Unibanco Group and concurrently held the position of Investor Relations Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2020. He has been a Member of the Disclosure and Trading Committee since 2019, having served as its Chairman since
2020. Mr. Jacob has been at the Itaú Unibanco Group for 19 years, having held several positions, including CEO and Member of the Board of Directors at Itau BBA International plc, in the United Kingdom, and Member of the Boards of
Directors at Itaú International,

152

Table of Contents

in the U.S., and Itaú Suisse, in Switzerland (2016 to 2020), a Managing Director of Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. (2006 to 2010) and a Managing Director, Head of CIB Europe (2011 to
2015).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering from the Universidade de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil, and has attended
the Advanced Management Program and taken part in the CEO Academy, both from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, U.S.

Tatiana Grecco

(Officer)
has been an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2017.

She has worked at the financial and capital markets since 1994, when she joined the Capital Markets Department. She has built a consistent and successful
career over the years within the firm, starting as a Back-Office Analyst of institutional and private banking investors’ portfolios. In 1998, she became a Fund Portfolio Manager at Itaú Asset Management. After that, she worked as a
Senior Portfolio Manager of fixed income and technical provision portfolios for five years and later became the Superintendent of Technical Provision Portfolio Management.

In 2009, Ms. Grecco commenced the indexed fund business at Itaú Asset Management, through mutual funds and ETFs – Exchange Traded Funds. In
2014, she also became the Superintendent of Solutions for Asset Allocation and Quantitative Funds.

She has coordinated the ETF Committee and the ESG
Workgroup at ANBIMA for several years. She was also Vice President of Fixed Income and Multimarket Funds Committee at the same Association, contributing to the development of Brazilian Mutual Funds.

Since 2017, she has been responsible for the market and liquidity risk control at the Itaú Unibanco, Itaú Asset Management and Itaú
Corretora de Valores units.

She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Civil Construction from the Universidade Estadual Paulista (UNESP), São Paulo,
Brazil, a Postgraduate degree in Finance from the Instituto Brasileiro de Mercado de Capitais (IBMEC), Brazil, a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil, and is
certified by the Executive Education Program on Risk and Asset Management from the Yale University, Connecticut, U.S. She has been also a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) since 2009.

Teresa Cristina Athayde Marcondes Fontes

(Officer)
has been an Officer at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2020, being responsible for the
Civil Litigation department. She joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 2003 as an intern, and since then has worked at the legal advisory to a number of business lines, including corporate, government relations, insurance, capitalization, private
pension, health plans, real estate loans, vehicles, consortia, intellectual property/marketing, E&S, supplier contracts, technology contracts and equity and labor departments. Ms. Fontes worked as Compliance Superintendent, responsible for
the Retail Banking and Labor segments (2017 to 2020).

She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the Faculdade de Direito da Universidade de
São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil; a post-graduate degree in Commercial Law from the University of Paris, Panthéon Sorbonne, Paris, France; an MBA from the Fundação Dom Cabral, São Paulo, Brazil; a
post-MBA
 from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, Illinois, U.S., and has attended the Executive Education Program from the Fundação Dom Cabral, São Paulo, Brazil.

Audit Committee

Alexandre de Barros (Independent
Member)
has been a Member of the Audit Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Executive Vice President of the Technology Department (2011 to 2015),
Executive Officer (2005 to 2010), Senior Managing Officer (2004 to 2005) and Managing Officer (1994 to 2004).

He has been an alternate Member of
Duratex’s Board of Directors since 2020 and Chairman of the IT and Digital Innovation Committee since 2020 and has been a specialist Member since 2017 and a Member of the Board of Directors since 2015 at Diagnósticos da América
S.A. (DASA).

Mr. de Barros was a Member of the Board of Directors (2003 to 2007) at Serasa S.A., where he also served as the Chairman (2006 to 2007).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Aeronautics Infrastructure Engineering from the Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica (ITA), São
José dos Campos, São Paulo, Brazil; a specialization in Risk Management from INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France, and an MBA from the New York University, New York, U.S.

153

Table of Contents

Gustavo Jorge Laboissière Loyola (Independent Member)
has been Chairman of the Audit Committee at
the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2017, having been a Member of the Board of Directors (2006 to 2021) and a Member of the Fiscal Council (2003 to 2006).

He has been a partner at Tendências Consultoria Integrada S/S Ltda. since 2002 and at Tendências Conhecimento Assessoria Econômica Ltda.
since 2003 and a Managing Partner at Gustavo Loyola Consultoria S/C since 1998.

Mr. Loyola was Governor (1992 to 1993 and 1995 to 1997) of the Banco
Central do Brasil and Governor of the National Financial System Regulation and Organization (1990 to 1992).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics
from the Universidade de Brasília, Distrito Federal, Brazil and a Ph.D. in Economics from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Luciana Pires Dias (Independent Member)
has been a Member of the Audit Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2020.

She has been a Partner at L. Dias Advogados since 2016, where she serves as an Advisor, Arbitrator and Opinion Giver in financial and capital market issues.
She is a Professor at the Escola de Direito da Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV) since 2008.

She has been a Member of the Audit Committee at B3
S.A.– Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão since 2016; of the Audit Committee at CERC – Serviço de Desenvolvimento de Sistemas para Recebíveis Ltda. since 2017, and of the Audit Committee at Vale S.A. since 2020.

She was an Officer at the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (CVM) (2011 to 2015) and Market Development Superintendent at CVM (2007 to 2010).
Ms. Dias served in law firms in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and in New York, U.S. (1998 to 2006).

She holds Bachelor’s and
Master’s degrees and a Ph.D. in Business Law from the Escola de Direito da Universidade de São Paulo (USP), São Paulo, Brazil, and a Master of the Science of Law (J.S.M) from the Stanford Law School, Stanford University,
California, U.S.

Otavio Yazbek (Independent Member)
has been a Member of the Audit Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2020.

He has been a partner at Yazbek Advogados law firm since 2015, working as a specialist lawyer in corporate law, and financial and capital markets.

Mr. Yazbek has been the Chairman of the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee (CAF) since 2015; Arbitrator in arbitration procedures involving corporate law
at several chambers since 2015; Independent Compliance Monitor at Odebrecht S.A. nominated by the Federal Public Attorney’s Office, within the scope of the agreement entered with this authority, approved by the U.S. Department of Justice to
support the US monitorship, since 2017; Independent Member of the Bank Self-Regulation Committee of the Federação Brasileira de Bancos (FEBRABAN) since 2015; Member of the Editorial Council of law magazine Revista de Direito das
Sociedades e dos Valores Mobiliários (RDSVM), Almedina Publisher; Member of the Special Corporate Law Committee of the Brazilian Bar Association (OAB) since 2019. He has been a Professor of the Specialization and Continuing Education Program
of the Law School of the Fundação Getulio Vargas since 2000, and of the postgraduate programs of Instituto de Ensino e Pesquisa (INSPER) since 2015.

He worked as an Officer at the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (CVM) and as a Member of the Standing Committee on Supervisory and Regulatory
Cooperation of the Financial Stability Board (FSB) (2009 to 2013) and was a Regulation Officer at BM&FBOVESPA S.A. – Bolsa de Valores, Mercadorias e Futuros (currently B3 S.A. – Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão) (2006 to 2008), having
joined as a lawyer (2000 a 2006).

He holds a Bachelor’s degree and a Ph.D in Law from the Faculdade de Direito da Universidade de São Paulo
(USP), São Paulo, Brazil.

Ricardo Baldin (Independent Member and Financial Expert)
 has been a Member of the Audit Committee at the
Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Executive Officer, Internal Audit at Itaú Unibanco S.A. (2009 to 2015).

He has been the Audit Committee Coordinator at Alpargatas S.A. since 2018 and at Eneva S.A. since 2019; a Member of the Governance of Financial Institutions
Committee at IBGC since 2021; and a Business Consultant at RMB Assessoria e Consultoria Empresarial e Contábil EIRELI.

He served as a Member of the
Fiscal Council at the Fundo Garantidor de Crédito (FGC) (2018 to 2019); a Member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee Coordinator at Ecorodovias (2018 to 2020); a Member of the Audit Committee at Totvs S.A. (2020); Audit Committee
Coordinator at Redecard S.A. (2013 to 2014); and as a Member of the Audit Committee at Câmara Interbancária de Pagamentos (CIP) (2014) and Tecnologia Bancária (TECBAN) (2015).

154

Table of Contents

He was Controllership, Technology and Internal Controls and Risks Officer at Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento
Econômico e Social (BNDES) (2016 to 2017).

Mr. Baldin has worked as an independent auditor for 31 years and was a former Partner at
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes and the partner in charge for the Financial Institutions Group at PwC in South America, having coordinated a number of engagements in this region, including the assessment of the Ecuadorian Financial
System and the assessment of the Brazilian Public Financial System, in addition to having participated in a number of due diligence projects in connection with this system.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the Universidade do Vale do Rio dos Sinos, São Leopoldo, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, and has
attended a number of specialization courses in corporate governance, administration and finance from IBGC, the Fundação Dom Cabral, São Paulo, Brazil, and the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo,
Brazil, and from other entities, in addition to several internal courses at PwC.

Rogério Carvalho Braga (Independent Member)
has been a
Member of the Audit Committee at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He has held a number of positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Officer (2020) and Corporate Manager of Marketing, Franchise and Products at Itaú
Corpbanca (2016 to 2018). He joined the Itaú Unibanco Group in 1999 and was elected Officer in 2000.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from
the Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo
(PUC-SP),
 São Paulo, Brazil, and an MBA from the Pepperdine University, Malibu, California, U.S.

Fiscal Council

Alkimar Ribeiro Moura (Member)
has
been a Member of the Fiscal Council at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2016. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Member of the Audit Committee (2010 to 2015).

Mr. Moura is a retired Economics Professor at the Escola de Administração de Empresas de São Paulo of the Fundação
Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil.

He was an Independent Member of the Board of Directors (2012 to 2017) and a Coordinating Member of the
Audit Committee (2013 to 2017) of Cetip S.A. Mercados Organizados.

Mr. Moura was an Independent Member of the Supervisory Board of BM&FBOVESPA
S.A. – Bolsa de Valores, Mercadorias e Futuros (currently B3 S.A. – Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão): Market Supervision (2007 to 2010).

He was
Chairman of Investment Banking (2001 to 2003) and Vice Chairman of Finance and Capital Markets (2001 to 2003) at Banco do Brasil S.A.

Mr. Moura held
several positions at the Banco Central do Brasil, including Standards and Financial System Organization Officer (1996 to 1997); Monetary Policy Officer (1994 to 1996); Public Debt and Open Market Transactions Officer (1987 to 1988).

He was an Officer at Banco Pirelli-Fintec (1988 to 1993).

He
holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil; Master’s degree from the University of California, Berkeley, and a Ph.D. in Applied Economics from the Stanford
University, California, U.S.

Artemio Bertholini (Member)
has been a Member of the Fiscal Council at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2021. He
has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Member of the Board of Directors (2009 to 2011).

He has been a Member of the Audit
Committee of BB Seguridade S.A. since 2015, Cia. de Saneamento do Paraná (SANEPAR) since 2017, Cia. de Saneamento de Minas Gerais (COPASA) since 2018, and Member of the Fiscal Council of Investimentos e Participações em
Infraestrutura S.A. (INVEPAR) since 2021.

He has also been responsible for the Audit and Accounting modules of post-graduation courses on Controllership
at the Universidade Estadual de Campinas (UNICAMP), since 2015, and Lecturer engaged for events related with Accounting, Audit, Arbitration and Corporate Governance at the Regional Accounting Council (CRC/SP).

Mr. Bertholini served as a Member of the Board of Directors at Americel S.A. (2000 to 2001), Telet S.A. (2000 to 2001), Petrobrás Distribuidora
S.A. (2018 to 2019), as a Member of the Audit Committee at Petrobrás Distribuidora S.A. (2018 to 2019), as a Member of the Fiscal Council at Banco do Brasil S.A. (2001 and 2003 to 2005), Itaúsa S.A. (2006 to 2008), Indústrias
Romi S.A. (2009) and Tekno S.A. Ind. e Comércio (2018 to 2020).

155

Table of Contents

He was also CEO and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors at Grant Thornton Brasil (2013 to 2015), Managing
Partner at Grupo Directa Auditores (1978 to 2013), and Audit Manager at Arthur Andersen & Co. (1968 to 1978).

He holds Bachelor’s degrees
in Accounting and Economics and a Master’s degree in Accounting and Finance from the Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo
(PUC-SP),
 São Paulo, Brazil, and a Ph.D in
Business Administration from the Florida Christian University, Orlando, Florida, U.S.

José Caruso Cruz Henriques (Member)
has been a Member
of the Fiscal Council at the Itaú Unibanco Group since 2011 and Chairman of this Board since 2017. He has held several positions at the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Officer (1988 to 2003).

He has been Executive President of Corhen Serviços Ltda. since 2003.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from the Universidade de São Paulo (USP) São Paulo, Brazil and a postgraduate degree in Business
Administration from the Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV), São Paulo, Brazil.

6B.   Compensation

Performance Evaluation of the Board of Directors and Board of Officers

Board of Directors

Our Board of
Directors, its members and
co-chairmen,
 as well as the Board of Directors committees, are evaluated annually for their performance as management members and bodies, in compliance with best corporate governance
practices. The reelection of members of the Board of Directors and Board of Directors committees takes into account each director’s positive performance, regular attendance at meetings over the previous term and experience and independence
level.

This evaluation consists of each director’s own self-evaluation, a cross-evaluation of the members of the Board of Directors
(where members of our Board of Directors evaluate each other), the evaluation of the Board of Directors by its members, the evaluation of the
co-chairmen
 by directors and evaluation of the Board of Directors
committees by their members. This process is structured based on specific characteristics and responsibilities of the Board of Directors, its members,
Co-chairmen,
 and each of its committees, seeking to
achieve a high expertise level. Furthermore, this process is carried out by a third party responsible for distributing specific questionnaires to the Board of Directors and every Board of Directors committee, as well as for interviewing individual
members of the Board of Directors and its committees. This person is also responsible for analyzing responses and comparing them to the responses from previous years in order to identify and address any Board of Directors and the Board of Director
committee gaps.

Additionally, the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee provides methodological and procedural support to the
evaluation process, in addition to discussing the outcomes of the evaluation, the composition and the succession plan to the Board of Directors. In addition to the support provided by this committee, an independent person is responsible for carrying
out the evaluation.

Ultimately, our Board of Directors is composed of outstanding knowledgeable professionals with expertise in different
areas of operation.

Pre-established
 Rules of our Board of Directors:

The members of our Board of Directors must act fairly, in accordance with
pre-established
 rules to
avoid conflicts of interest. These rules include:

•   Refraining from taking part in resolutions related to matters in which the director’s interests conflict
with ours. The director must inform the Board of Directors of any possible conflict of interest as soon as the matter giving rise to such conflict is included in the agenda or proposed by the Board of Director’s co-chairmen, and, in any event, before the beginning of any discussion on such matter.

156

Table of Contents

•   In the event the director or a company controlled or managed by this director carries out a transaction with any
company in the Itaú Unibanco Group: (a) the transaction must be carried out at arm’s length; (b) if it is not a customary transaction or a provision of services, an appraisal report must be issued by recognized financial
advisors evidencing that the transaction was carried out at arm’s length; and (c) the transaction must be disclosed to and conducted under the supervision of the Related Parties Committee, the Ethics and Ombudsman Office or of channels
within the Itaú Unibanco Group that are competent in the specific area, subject to the rules and conditions set forth in our Transactions with Related Parties Policy.

•   Serving on no more than four boards of directors of companies that do not belong to the same group.

•   Our directors have no service contracts with us or any of our subsidiaries providing for benefits upon
termination of employment.

Please see “Item 6A. Directors and Senior Management – Board of Directors” for further
information on the members of our Board of Directors.

Officers

The performance appraisal of our officers is defined by the manager based on the priorities of the year discussed together with the
appraised

Performance metrics

The
officers’ evaluation process is carried out annually and takes into account what was defined as a priority for the year. Results are based on the following:

•   Manager Evaluation: Together with the manager, the priorities for the year are defined. These priorities
are monitored throughout the year and, at the end of the year, they are evaluated. In order to support the evaluation, managers receive financial and market information, if applicable.

•   Rapporteur: It is an evaluation process of behaviors and main deliveries, in addition to defining the
career moment carried out by an independent appraiser, pursuing complementary elements to the executive’s evaluation.

•   Evaluation Committee: Collegiate discussion to validate the manager’s evaluation and the proposed
career moment in the Rapporteur. This committee can also discuss development and succession recommendations.

Compensation and
Benefits

Governance of compensation

Our compensation strategy adopts clear and transparent processes, aimed at complying with applicable regulation and the best national and
international practices, as well as at ensuring consistency with our risk management policy.

Compensation Committee

We have a statutory compensation committee, or Compensation Committee, that reports to the Board of Directors, which duties include:

Preparing a
policy for the compensation of management members, proposing to the Board of Directors the many forms of fixed and variable compensation, in addition to special benefits and recruitment and termination programs.   Discussing, analyzing and supervising the implementation and operation of existing compensation models, by discussing general principles of the employee
compensation policy and recommending improvements to the Board of Directors based on the policy principles.
Proposing to
the Board of Directors the aggregate compensation amount for management members to be submitted to the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting.   Preparing the
“Compensation Committee Report” on an annual basis.

Compensation policy

157

Table of Contents

Our compensation policy aims to consolidate our compensation principles and practices so as to
attract, reward, retain and motivate management members and employees in the sustainable running of business, subject to proper risk limits and always in line with stockholders’ interests.

Compensation strategy

Our compensation and benefit strategies vary according to the area of activity and market parameters. We periodically verify these parameters
by:

•   commissioning salary surveys conducted by specialized consultants, who are independent of management;

•   participating in surveys conducted by other banks; and

•   participating in specialized compensation and benefit forums.

Compensation of employees

Employees compensation
is composed of:

Monthly fixed compensation: Determined in accordance with the complexity of an individual’s work duties and such individual’s performance with respect with such duties. Employees’ fixed compensation changes according to our promotion and merit policy,
which takes into account the employees’ seniority, responsibilities and personal performance when carrying out duties over the period under evaluation. In addition, employees are entitled to salary adjustments, in accordance with applicable
collective bargaining agreements.
Variable compensation: It acknowledges the level of dedication, results achieved and the short, medium and long-term sustainability of these results. Additionally, employees are
entitled to receive additional amounts if provided in applicable collective bargaining agreements.
Benefits: We provide several benefits agreed with labor unions representing our employees’ many professional categories, which are established in the respective
collective bargaining agreements, such as: food allowance, day care/babysitter, transportation etc.

In addition to those benefits set forth in collective bargaining agreements, we offer the following benefits to our employees:

•   medical and dental care plans;

•   private pension plans;

•   group life insurance;

•   annual health check-up; and

•   parking lot space.

These benefits may be granted according to each employee’s category or regulation applicable to each jurisdiction.

Moreover, we present below the benefits that are available to all employees:

•   differentiated banking products and services;

•   Itaú Unibanco Club Foundation (Fundação Itaú Unibanco Clube);

•   discounts for health or sports related activities with several fitness centers;

•   discount partnership with several companies of goods and services;

•   pharmacy discounts and payment facilities; and

•   psychosocial and personal care services.

Stock-based Profit Sharing to Employees

We have a stock-based profit-sharing program for a specific group of employees, acknowledging those who had outstanding performance during the
relevant year.

158

Table of Contents

159

Table of Contents

160

Table of Contents

Compensation of Management Members

Board of Directors (1) (2) (3)   Board of Officers (2)   Fiscal Council   Audit Committee (3) (4)
Monthly Fixed Compensation   Aggregate amount of fees in cash approved at the Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting   Aggregate amount of fees in cash approved at the Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting   Fees in cash approved at the Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting   Fees in cash determined by the Board of Directors
Annual Fixed Compensation   Stock-based compensation approved at the Annual General Stockholder’s Meeting.   N.A.   N.A.   N.A.
Benefit Plan   N.A.   Composed of medical and dental care plans, check-up, private pension plan, parking lot and
life insurance.   N.A.   N.A.
Annual Variable Compensation   Stock-based compensation approved only in the event of a resolution of the Compensation Committee, subject to the guidelines of
CMN Resolution No. 3,921 and limited to the extent determined by the Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting.   Statutory profit, sharing and fees (in cash and in shares) approved by the Compensation Committee and limited to the annual amount
approved at the Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting.   N.A.   N.A.

(1)   In the event that a member of the Board of Directors is also part of the Board of Officers of Itaú
Unibanco or its subsidiaries, the compensation will be in line with the compensation model of the Board of Officers. Management members who are also part of statutory on non-statutory committees or of our
subsidiaries or affiliates are compensated according to their duties in the executive bodies or areas in which they work. As a rule, they do not receive a specific compensation for belonging to these committees. A non-management member of the Compensation Committee is compensated for his/her duties executed in the referred Committee.

(2)   Maximum compensation amounts are defined based on the limits imposed by Article 152 of the Brazilian Corporate
Law.

(3)   Member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee only receive benefits in they have previously been officers
of the Company.

(4)   For those members of the Audit Committee who are also part of the Board of Directors, the compensation policy of
the Board of Directors is applied.

161

Table of Contents

Composition of compensation of management members

Member   Year   Monthly fixed compensation   Annual fixed compensation   Annual variable compensation   Benefits
Board of Directors   2020   34%   24%   39%   3%
2019   26%   18%   53%   3%
2018   28%   23%   46%   3%
Board of Officers   2020   13%   0%   83%   4%
2019   7%   0%   92%   1%
2018   9%   0%   91%   1%
Fiscal Council   2020   100%   0%   0%   0%
2019   100%   0%   0%   0%
2018   100%   0%   0%   0%
Audit Committee   2020   100%   0%   0%   0%
2019   100%   0%   0%   0%
2018   100%   0%   0%   0%

Year ended in December 31, 2020
a  Body   Board of Directors   Executive Board   Fiscal Council
b   Number of members   11.50   19.80   6.00
c  Number of members who receive compensation   11.50   19.80   6.00
d   Amount of the highest individual compensation (in R$)   9,710,000   34,737,000   220,500
e  Amount of the lowest individual compensation (in R$)   2,643,000   2,588,000   88,200
f   Average amount of individual compensation (total compensation divided by the
number of compensated members) (in R$)   4,364,438   11,681,451   145,950

For the
annual amount of the lowest individual compensation, members who have not performed their duties for the full 12 months of the relevant year were disregarded. Members who received the amount of the highest compensation in each body performed their
duties during the 12 months of the relevant year.

Year ended in December 31, 2019
a  Body   Board of Directors   Executive Board   Fiscal Council
b   Number of members   11.75   21.00   6.00
c  Number of members who receive compensation   11.75   21.00   6.00
d   Amount of the highest individual compensation (in R$)   14,560,000   52,060,000   220,500
e  Amount of the lowest individual compensation (in R$)   2,643,000   2,953,000   88,200
f   Average amount of individual compensation (total compensation divided by the
number of compensated members) (in R$)   5,236,316   16,930,128   154,350

For the
annual amount of the lowest individual compensation, members who have not performed their duties for the full 12 months of the relevant year were disregarded. Members who received the amount of the highest compensation in each body performed their
duties during the 12 months of the relevant year.

Year ended in December 31, 2018
a  Body   Board of Directors   Executive Board   Fiscal Council
b   Number of members   11.25   20.83   6.00
c  Number of members who receive compensation   11.25   20.83   6.00
d   Amount of the highest individual compensation (in R$)   12,941,000   46,880,000   220,500
e  Amount of the lowest individual compensation (in R$)   2,652,000   2,604,000   88,200
f   Average amount of individual compensation (total compensation divided by the
number of compensated members) (in R$)   5,218,146   13,316,714   154,500

For the
annual amount of the lowest individual compensation, members who have not performed their duties for the full 12 months of the relevant year were disregarded. Members who received the amount of the highest compensation in each body performed their
duties during the 12 months of the relevant year.

162

Table of Contents

Criteria for defining monthly and annual fixed compensation of management members:

Fixed compensation of members of the Board of Directors and Board of Officers, as well as the benefit plan granted to officers, is not impacted by performance
indicators, as discussed below:

Fiscal Council   Within the limits established by legislation, members of the Fiscal Council are paid monthly fixed compensation amount
only and are not eligible for the benefit plan. Additionally, in accordance with applicable legislation, compensation members of the Fiscal Council may not be lower, for each acting member, than 10% of the fixed compensation assigned to each officer
(i.e., not including benefits, representation allowances and profit sharing).
Board of Directors   The monthly fixed compensation is consistent with market practices and periodically revised to attract qualified
professionals. Additionally, history and résumé, among other factors, are taken into account.
Audit Committee   The members of the Audit Committee are paid monthly fixed compensation amount only are not eligible for the benefit
plan. For those members of the Audit Committee who are also part of the Board of Directors, the compensation policy of the Board of Directors is applied.
Board of Officers   The monthly fixed compensation is established in accordance with the position held and is based on the internal
equality principle, since all officers holding the same position earn the same monthly fixed compensation amount, also enabling their mobility in our different businesses. Fixed compensation amounts are determined taking into account market
competition.

Criteria for Defining the Annual Variable Compensation of the Board of Officers
(1)
:

The annual variable compensation takes into account three main factors:

•   Performance of the officer;

•   The result of the applicable business area; and

•   Financial results of the company.

(1)   Within the limits established by legislation, the compensation of Officers in charge of internal control and
risk departments is determined irrespective of the performance of the business areas they control and assess so as not to give rise to any conflicts of interest. However, even though compensation is not impacted by the results from business areas,
it is still subject to any impacts arising from our results.

Distribution of the Annual Variable Compensation of the Board of
Officers
(2)
:

Regarding the annual variable compensation:

•   30% is paid in cash on demand; and

•   70% is paid through the delivery of our preferred shares, deferred for payment within three years, in the
proportion of 1/3 of the amount due per year.

(2)   In accordance with CMN Resolution No. 3,921, a portion of the variable compensation must be deferred.

163

Table of Contents

Delivery of Preferred Shares Related to the Annual Variable Compensation of the Board of Officers:

Partnership Program for Officers and Employees

Aimed at aligning the interests of our officers and employees to those of our stockholders, this program offers participants the opportunity to
invest in our preferred shares, traded under ticker symbol “ITUB4”, sharing short, medium and long-term risks.

The program is
aimed at officers and employees approved by the Personnel Committee due to their history of contribution, relevant work and outstanding performance. It has two types of appointments: partners and associates, and the person must join the program
first as an associate. Main differences in the two types of appointments are as follows:

164

Table of Contents

Stock Grant Plan and Stock Ownership Requirements

In order to consolidate the rules of our long-term stock-based incentive programs, described under items above, under the terms of CVM Ruling
No. 567/15, we approved the Stock Grant Plan at the 2017 Extraordinary General Stockholders’ Meeting.

In addition, in 2019 the
Compensation Committee determined that members of the Executive Committee must comply with a stock ownership requirement of a minimum equivalent (i) to 10 times the annual salary for the CEO and (ii) to 5 times of the annual salary for
other Executive Committee members, which must be complied within a five-year period of after their position’s start date. Currently, all Executive Committee members comply with the minimum requirement.

With the Stock Grant Plan and the share ownership requirements, we reinforce the alignment of interests of management members and employees of
our company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries with our interests and stockholders’ interests.

165

Table of Contents

Stock Option Plan to Officers and Employees

We have a Stock Option Plan through which our officers and employees with outstanding performance are entitled to receive stock options. These
options enable them to share the risk of price fluctuations of our preferred shares with other stockholders and are intended to integrate the participants of this program into the Itaú Holding Group’s development process in the medium
and long term. Our Personnel Committee manages the Stock Option Plan, including matters such as strike prices, vesting periods and effectiveness of options, in compliance with the rules set forth in the Stock Option Plan.

Options may be granted only to participants if there is net income sufficient to be distributed as mandatory dividends. Also, to avoid the
dilution of stockholders, the sum of shares to be used in the programs described in the Stock Grant Plan and Stock Option Plan every year will not exceed the limit of 0.5% of total outstanding shares. In the event the number of shares delivered and
options granted is below the 0.5% limit, the difference may be added for purposes of stock-based compensation or granting of options in any one of the seven subsequent fiscal years.

Since 2012, no simple option has been granted within the scope of our Stock Option Plan. For further information on changes in the plan, see
“Financial Performance”, and “Note 22 – “Banking Service Fees” to our audited consolidated financial statements.

6C.   Board Practices

Board of Directors Committees

The
organizational chart below presents our eight committees, reporting directly to our Board of Directors, the body responsible for electing these committee members for a
one-year
 term of office, conditioned on
their having proven knowledge in the respective areas of work and technical qualification compatible with their duties.

The committees
may hire outside experts but must always maintain the integrity and the confidentiality of their work.

Audit Committee Since 2014   •   Oversees the quality and integrity of the financial statements •   Oversees compliance with legal and regulatory requirements •   Supervision of internal controls and risk management •   Supervision of performance, independence and quality of internal audit activities and of
the work of the independent accountant
100%
of the members are independent
61
meetings
Compensation Committee Since 2011   •   Promote discussions on incentive and compensation models •   Develops compensation policies for management members and employees •   Establishes Goals
100%
of the members are non-executive
5
meetings
Personnel Committee Since 2009   •   Establishes policies for attracting and retaining talented professionals •   Proposes guidelines for recruiting and training employees •   Presents long-term incentive programs and monitors the culture of meritocracy
100%
of the members are non-executive
5 meetings
Strategy
Committee Since 2009   •   Proposes budgetary guidelines •   Provides inputs for decision-making processes •   Recommends strategic guidelines and investments opportunities (Mergers and
Acquisitions) •   Internationalizes and creates new business
areas

166

Table of Contents

100% of the members are non-executive
6
meetings
Related Parties Committee Since 2013   •   Manages transactions between related parties •   Ensures equality and transparency for these transactions
100%
of the members are independent
8
meetings
Risk and Capital Management Committee Since 2009   •   Supports the Board of Directors •   Establishes the risk appetite •   Evaluates the cost of capital x the minimum return expected •   Allocates capital •   Oversees management activities and risk control •   Improve risk culture •   Complies with regulatory requirements
100%
of the members are non-executives
12
meetings
Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee Since 2013   •   Periodically reviews the criteria for nomination and succession •   Provides methodological support for the assessment of the Board of Directors and Chief
Executive Officer •   Nominates members of the Board of Directors and General Managers •   Analyzes potential conflicts of interests
100%
of the members are non-executive
3
meetings
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Since 2019   •   Defines strategies to strengthen the corporate social responsibility of the Company in all
its elements, including a voluntary strategy; •   Analyzes the performance of social
institutions related to the Company and the initiatives directly executed by the Company; •   Ensures the appropriate degree of autonomy among social institutions and the Company; •   Fosters the search for synergies and opportunities to increase efficiency between
institutions and the Company as well as the institutions themselves; •   Approves
multi-annual budget for initiatives that depend on the Company’s resources; •   Monitors the quality of governance of each institution; •   Defines the allocation process of the Rouanet Law as well as the other existing incentive
laws and approve the contributions to be made by the Company or other companies of the Itaú Unibanco Group.
Executive and non-executive members
3
meetings

Two of these committees are statutory bodies:

Audit Committee

We have an Audit
Committee, which complies with the rules issued by the National Monetary Council for audit committees of financial institutions. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the quality and integrity of the financial statements, the compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements, the performance, independence and quality of

167

Table of Contents

the services provided by independent auditors and by our internal auditors, and the quality and effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems. Set up in April 2004 by the
Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting, it is the only audit committee for institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank and for companies overseen by SUSEP that are part of Itaú Unibanco Group.

The members of the Audit Committee are annually elected by the Board of Directors from among its members or professionals with renowned
competence and outstanding knowledge, taking into account that at least member of this Committee will be designated Financial Expert and must have proven knowledge in the accounting and auditing areas.

All members of the Audit Committee are independent, in accordance with CMN regulation, and the Board of Directors will terminate the term of
office of any member of the Audit Committee if their independence is affected by any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest. The evaluations of the Audit Committee are based on information received from management, external auditors,
internal auditors, departments responsible for risk management and internal controls, and on analyses made by the members of the Committee as a result of direct observation.

Compensation Committee

It is incumbent
upon the Compensation Committee to promote discussions on matters related to our management compensation. Its duties include, but are not limited to: developing a policy for the compensation of our management, proposing to the Board of Directors the
many forms of fixed and variable compensation, in addition to special benefits and programs for recruitment and termination; discussing, examining and overseeing the implementation and operation of existing compensation models, discussing general
principles of the compensation policy for our employees and recommending adjustments or improvements to the Board of Directors.

Internal Audit

Under the Audit Committee’s technical supervision, our Internal Audit function provides the Board of Directors and senior
management with independent, unbiased and timely evaluations of the effectiveness of risk management, adequacy of controls and compliance with relevant rules and regulations related to the Itaú Unibanco Group’s operations. These
evaluations occur periodically, and follow a methodology in compliance with The Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) standards.

The
Internal Audit requires the area being audited to establish action plans for any deficiencies identified, based on deadlines that vary according to risk rating criteria.

Ombudsman

The Itaú
Unibanco Client ombudsman focuses on three pillars:

•   Customer service: last resource to resolve clients’ complaints. Clients who are not satisfied with the
answers received from previous requests within 30 days are eligible to use this resource.

•   Continuous improvement: root cause analysis, addressing action plans to improve service, products and processes
to impact customer satisfaction

•   Compliance with regulatory obligations.

One of the main responsibilities of the Ombudsman’s Office is to receive and respond to complaints received from clients who are not
satisfied with answers received from previous requests within the last 30 days. In order to contact us, clients may use the phone number provided on our website, credit cards and bank receipts and/or directly online from our website.

The Ombudsman is also responsible for the governance of all processes related to client complaints through regulators (Central Bank, SUSEP,
CVM, etc) and consumer protection bureaus. Processes are subject to regulatory supervision by the agencies. helping ensure adequate solutions to our clients.

168

Table of Contents

Additionally, the Ombudsman works together with all different areas (products, operations,
quality assurance and customer service departments) aiming to reduce complaints and improve customer satisfaction while analyzing the root causes of the major complaints and addressing action plans in a timely manner. Our goal is to improve
processes and services and guarantee ethics and transparency principles.

The Ombudsman’s Office is also responsible for monitoring
and reporting key quality and performance indicators (regarding complaints) to all executives and upper management in strategic management committees.

As part of our strategy to improve consumer relations throughout and reduce complaints, we have established and maintain an open dialogue and
close agenda with consumer protection bureaus, regulators and civil entities. This agenda is a strong instrument to help improve customer satisfaction.

Every semester, the Ombudsman’s Office prepares a report regarding the most critical complaints received, which includes case studies and
action plans to reduce complaints and improve customer experience. This report is submitted to our management and audit committee, as well as to Central Bank.

The Ombudsman’s Office also participates in the validation process when analyzing and approving new products and services using an
institutional General Risk Assessment System, which is managed by our compliance governance model, to help reinforce attention and assure customer focus and needs along the process.

6D.   Employees

We had 96,540 employees on December 31, 2020 compared to 94,881 employees on December 31, 2019.

The following tables show the total number of employees for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, segmented by region (Brazil
and abroad) and operating unit:

Employees (Brazil and abroad)   As of December 31,   Variation
2020   2019   2018   2020-2019   2019-2018
In Brazil   83,919   81,691   86,801   2,228   2.7   %   (5,110   )   (5.9   )%
Abroad   12,621   13,190   13,534   (569   )   (4.3   )%   (344   )   (2.5   )%
Argentina   1,584   1,613   1,692   (29   )   (1.8   )%   (79   )   (4.7   )%
Chile   5,340   5,755   5,820   (415   )   (7.2   )%   (65   )   (1.1   )%
Colombia   3,098   3,326   3,495   (228   )   (6.9   )%   (169   )   (4.8   )%
Uruguay   1,065   1,101   1,117   (36   )   (3.3   )%   (16   )   (1.4   )%
Paraguay   975   869   844   106   12.2   %   25   3.0   %
Europe   209   212   213   (3   )   (1.4   )%   (1   )   (0.5   )%
Other   350   314   353   36   11.5   %   (39   )   (11.0   )%
Total   96,540   94,881   100,335   1,659   1.7   %   (5,454   )   (5.4   )%

As of December 31,   Variation
Employees (by operating unit)   2020   2019   2018   2020-2019   2019-2018
Wholesale   18,730   19,198   19,770   (468   )   (2.4   )%   (572   )   (2.9   )%
Retail   58,136   59,434   63,853   (1,298   )   (2.2   )%   (4,419   )   (6.9   )%
Technology (1)   10,987   7,223   6,908   3,764   52.1   %   315   4.6   %
Support Areas (2)   8,687   9,026   9,804   (339   )   (3.8   )%   (778   )   (7.9   )%
Total   96,540   94,881   100,335   1,659   1.7   %   (5,454   )   (5.4   )%

(1)   Includes 1,994 ZUP employees in 2020.

(2)   Includes: Human Resources, Legal, Audit, Corporation, Finance, Operations and Risks.

169

Table of Contents

Labor Relations

Itaú Unibanco has a permanent channel for dialog throughout the year with the labor unions representing the employees in their various
professional categories. Meetings between the company and the labor unions are constantly held to discuss themes for furthering a good organizational climate and to discuss matters relating to the organization and workplace safety. We meet to
discuss specific collective bargaining agreements, such as Profits or Results Sharing, Time Clock Registration and Working Day Compensation (work-hour tracking) schemes, among others.

From the point of view of labor relations, we recognize the labor unions as legitimate representatives of our employees. We guarantee our
employees’ rights to freedom of association as well as the absolute freedom for employees to take part in labor union activities, always recognizing the rights and prerogatives of those elected to executive positions in the unions pursuant to
the current Brazilian legislation and the collective agreements for each professional category to which we are a party. The company has 829 active employees with roles in the various boards of directories of the representative labor unions. As set
forth in the collective labor agreement for bank employees, 470 work full time for these union entities. In addition, we allow the unions to hold membership campaigns and, when requested, to hold meetings between the union entities, our managers and
employees, with a view to seeking negotiated solutions in a respectful manner and in line with ethical principles.

We note that all
activities within the scope of relations with union entities are conducted with a focus on innovation and negotiated solutions with a view to minimizing possible differences and conflicts involving our employees.

At Itaú Unibanco, all employees are covered by collective labor agreements which guarantee rights, not only those granted under the
labor legislation but also other benefits which may be granted to our employees on a
one-off
 basis in accordance with our internal human resources policies. Collective labor agreement rules, as well as other
alterations and adjustments to internal norms that affect the routine of employees or modify their rights are widely disclosed by the company’s various means of communication. Among such means are
e-mail,

videos, electronic media, advertising totems, our internal magazine and our corporative portal (where human resources policies are detailed in our personnel regulations). In addition, employees have a call center at their disposal, to which they may
have recourse in the event of questions.

We are a party to an annual round table consisting of labor unions representing bank, insurance
and finance employees professional associations, and employer associations for the collective drafting of agreements that define employee rights and benefits. In the last years, the banking sector has not faced strikes or significant interruptions
in its operations.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we believe that the way to solve labor disputes is through direct negotiation, avoiding
litigating issues which can be resolved through an exhaustive process of dialog and transparency in relations with labor union entities.

6E.   Share Ownership

As of December 31, 2020, our Board of Directors and our Board of Officers directly owned an aggregate amount of 0.6168% common shares and
0.7242% preferred shares. Except for the shares indirectly owned by our controlling stockholders (through their participation in IUPAR and Itaúsa), the members of our Board of Directors and our Board of Officers, on an individual basis and as
a group, beneficially owned less than 1% of our common shares and less than 1% of our preferred shares as of December 31, 2020.

170

Table of Contents

ITEM 7.   MAJOR STOCKHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

7A.   Major Stockholders

Main Stockholders

We are controlled by
IUPAR, which is jointly controlled by Itaúsa and Cia. E. Johnston. Itaúsa is controlled by members of the Egydio de Souza Aranha family, and Cia. E. Johnston is controlled by members of the Moreira Salles family.

Except for the shares indirectly owned by our controlling stockholders (through their participation in IUPAR and Itaúsa), the members
of our Board of Directors and our Board of Officers, on an individual basis and as a group, beneficially owned less than 1% of our common shares and less than 1% of our preferred shares as of December 31, 2020.

The table below presents information on the persons that, to our knowledge, beneficially own over 5% of our common or preferred shares as of
March 31, 2021:

Common Shares   Preferred Shares   Total
Stockholders   Total Number of Shares   % of Total   Total Number of Shares   % of Total   Total Number of Shares   % of Total
IUPAR – Itaú Unibanco Participacőes S.A.   2,564,084,404   51.71   %   —   0.00   %   2,564,084,404   26.15   %
Itaúsa S.A.   1,943,906,577   39.21   %   169,323   0.00   %   1,944,075,900   19.83   %
BlackRock (1)   —   0.00   %   349,925,097   7.22   %   349,925,097   3.57   %
Others   450,299,378   9.08   %   4,471,274,660   92.27   %   4,921,574,038   50.20   %
Subtotal   4,958,290,359   100.00   %   4,821,369,080   99.49   %   9,779,659,439   99.75   %
Treasury stock   —   0.00   %   24,475,909   0.51   %   24,475,909   0.25   %
Total   4,958,290,359   100.00   %   4,845,844,989   100.00   %   9,804,135,348   100.00   %

(1)   Share ownership information provided by stockholder.

Date: 2021, 03.31

ADSs Held in Host Country

As of December 31, 2020, 1,268,460,798 ADSs (26.4% of the total outstanding shares of our preferred shares) were outstanding and held of
record by 67 institutional depositary receipts. We are aware that many ADSs are held of record by brokers and other nominees, and accordingly the above numbers are not necessarily representative of the actual number of U.S. persons who are
beneficial holders of ADSs or the number of ADSs beneficially held by such persons.

IUPAR stockholders’ agreement

Itaúsa and Cia. E. Johnston have a stockholders’ agreement that governs their relationship as controlling stockholders of IUPAR
and, indirectly, as our controlling stockholders and as controlling stockholders of our subsidiaries. IUPAR stockholders’ agreement is available on our Investor Relations website.

Transfer of control and increase of interest in the share capital

Subject to the provisions of the IUPAR stockholders’ agreement, our Bylaws do not contain any provision that is intended to delay, defer
or prevent a change in our shareholding control or that would operate only with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring of our Company or its subsidiaries. However, according to Brazilian regulation all such transactions must be
carried out in accordance with procedures established by CMN and be previously approved by the Central Bank.

Brazilian legislation
provides that acquisition of control of a publicly held company triggers the requirement for the acquiring party to make a tender offer for all outstanding common shares, at a price equivalent to at least 80% of the price per share paid to the
controlling stockholders. Additionally, our Bylaws establish the same price rule for the holders of our preferred shares. This legislation also requires our controlling stockholders to make a tender offer for all of our shares if they increase their
interest in our share capital to a level that materially and negatively affects the liquidity of our shares.

171

Table of Contents

7B.   Related Party Transactions

Transactions with controllers, joint control and related parties, and key management personnel are required to be conducted on arms’
length terms.

Under the Laws No. 4,595/64, No. 7,492/86 and CMN Resolution No. 4,693/18, financial institutions must
observe specific terms and conditions when granting credit to:

•   its controllers (individuals or legal entities), pursuant to Article 116 of Law No. 6,404/76, as well as
their spouses, partners and their direct relatives, in the collateral line or affinity, up to the second degree;

•   its officers, managers, and members of statutory or contractual bodies, as well as their spouses, partners and
their direct relatives, in the collateral line or by affinity, up to the second degree;

•   individuals with qualified equity interest; and

•   legal entities: (i) with qualified equity interest; (ii) in which capital, directly or indirectly,
there is qualified equity interest; (iii) in which there is effective operational control or relevance in the deliberations, regardless of equity interest; and (iv) that have an officer or member of the board of directors in common.

CMN Resolution No. 4,693/18 established the definition of “qualified equity interest” as a holder that
owns 15% or more of the capital of the legal entity for purposes of credit transactions by financial institutions with its related parties.

For further details on restrictions on the operations of financial institutions, see “Item 4B. Business Overview – Supervision and
Regulation.”

On October 22, 2012, our Board of Directors approved a Transactions with Related Parties Policy, which is reviewed
annually. The definition of related party for the purpose of disclosures in financial statements is provided in this Transactions with Related Parties Policy, and includes controlling shareholders and entities controlled by or under common control
with, us, as well as the directors and officers of these entities, certain family members of such individuals and any entities controlled directly or indirectly by them. Our Transactions with Related Parties Policy provides that any transaction
involving related parties must be carried out at arm’s length, comply with all practices put in place by our management, be executed in writing, and be clearly disclosed in our financial statements according to the materiality criteria provided
by accounting standards.

Any related party transaction or series of transactions within a

one-year
 period that exceeds R$1 million, defined as a “Significant Amount” (except those exclusively involving entities controlled, directly or indirectly, by us), is analyzed by the Related
Parties Committee and reported to our Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.

Transactions between companies included in the
consolidation were eliminated in our audited consolidated financial statements and take into consideration the absence of risk. See “Note 31 – Related parties” to our audited consolidated financial statements for more information.

7C.   Interests of Experts and Counsel

Not applicable.

ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION

8A.   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information

172

Table of Contents

The information included in Item 18 of this annual report is referred to and incorporated by
reference into this Item 8A.

Legal Proceedings

Overview

We are not defendants in any
significant administrative proceeding before the CVM, SUSEP, the Central Bank or any municipalities. As part of the ordinary course of our business, we are party to various legal and administrative proceedings (including consumer complaints) filed
against us with SUSEP, certain municipalities or the Central Bank.

Our audited consolidated financial statements only include reserves
for probable losses that can be reasonably estimated and expenses that we may incur in connection with pending litigation or administrative proceedings, or as otherwise required by Brazilian law. Our management believes that our provisions,
including interest, for legal proceedings in which we are defendants are sufficient to cover probable losses that can be reasonably estimated in the event of unfavorable court decisions. It is currently not possible to estimate the amount of all
potential costs that we may incur or penalties that may be imposed on us other than those amounts for which we have reserves. We believe that any potential liabilities related to these lawsuits and administrative proceedings will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results. There are no material proceedings in which any of our directors, any member of our senior management or any of our affiliates is either a party adverse to us or to our subsidiaries or
has a material interest adverse to us or our subsidiaries.

Please see “Note 2.3 – Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments,
j) Provisions, Contingencies and Legal Liabilities” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information and details about the changes in the provisions and respective escrow deposits for tax and social security lawsuits and
main types of tax disputes. The following table sets forth our provisions for such contingencies as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.

Provision   12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018
(In millions of R$)
Civil   3,511   3,633   4,426
Labor   8,015   8,579   6,821
Tax proceedings and legal obligations   6,810   8,266   6,793
Other   1,483   976   573
Total   19,819   21,454   18,613

Civil Litigation

Litigation Arising from Government Monetary Stabilization Plans

We are a defendant in lawsuits for the collection of understated inflation adjustment for savings resulting from the economic plans implemented
in the 1980s and 1990s by the Brazilian Federal Government as a measure to combat inflation. Please see “Item 3D. Risk Factors – Legal and Regulatory Risks, Decision on lawsuits due to government monetary stabilization plans may have a
material adverse effect on us” for further information.

Other Civil Litigation

In addition to litigation arising from government monetary stabilization plans, we are defendants in numerous civil lawsuits arising in the
normal course of our business. We are not able to currently predict the total amounts involved in these claims, due to the nature of the matters disputed. However, we believe that any potential liabilities related to these lawsuits will not have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results.

Labor Litigation

In 2020, we and our subsidiaries were not exposed to any labor liabilities or labor contingencies which individually significantly impacted our
results. The pool of labor claims for our subsidiaries in such period is composed of labor claims filed by employees, former employees and outsourced service providers.

Labor unions and former employees have filed labor claims against us, seeking compensation for alleged breaches of employment agreements or
rights under the applicable labor laws. As of December 31, 2020, there were 56,555 labor claims filed against us.

The main requests
in the labor claims filed by our current and former employees include:

173

Table of Contents

•   Salary differences arising from the application of the 30 working hours per week limit, provided for in art. 224
of the CLT, which is applicable to bank employees whose function does not require special trust from the employer;

•   Salary differences arising from overtime not duly registered in the internal systems;

•   Claims with respect to the method used to establish overtime pay; and

•   Salary parity.

Labor class actions filed against us mainly relate to the continuation of health care plans, safety rules and strikes. We are also defendants
in connection with labor claims filed by the labor prosecution office regarding union classification, outsourcing, occupational diseases, health and safety and compliance with the minimum quotas for disabled personnel. In the year ended
December 31, 2020, we paid approximately R$ 3,126 million in direct labor expenses, mainly in settlements and convictions involving former employees, in accordance to the agreements signed and to the rulings imposed by labor courts.

Regarding labor claims filed by outsourced service providers, they generally involve allegations of subsidiary liability of the companies
within our group.

Please see “Note 2.3 – Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments, j) Provisions, Contingencies and Legal
Liabilities” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information about labor claims.

Tax Litigation

We have certain tax disputes that arise in our ordinary business activities, mainly relating to the constitutionality or legality of certain
taxes imposed on us.

We classify tax due as legal liability when the legality and / or unconstitutionality of the legislation in force is
being challenged. Legal liability taxes are accrued regardless of the likelihood of loss.

Tax contingencies correspond to the principal
amount of taxes involved in tax, administrative or judicial challenges, subject to tax assessment notices, plus interest and, when applicable, fines and charges. A provision is recognized whenever the chance of prevailing is probable.

On June 25, 2013, we received a notice of deficiency from the Brazilian tax authorities alleging that we failed to pay approximately
R$11,844.7 million of corporate income tax (IRPJ), plus accrued penalties and interest, and approximately R$6,867.0 million of CSLL, plus accrued penalties and interest, in 2008 fiscal year, as a result of the corporate transaction that
led to the association of Itaú Holding and Unibanco Holdings S.A. The Brazilian tax authorities allege that corporate transactions of a different kind should have been used. However, the transaction suggested by the Brazilian tax authorities
is not supported in the rules applicable to financial institutions. We defend that the transactions conducted were appropriate and legitimate, having been approved by the involved companies’ management bodies and their respective stockholders,
and subsequently sanctioned as well by the relevant regulatory authorities, including the CVM, the Central Bank and CADE. We and our external counsel assess the risk of loss in this tax proceeding as remote. On April, 10, 2017, the Administrative
Board of Tax Appeals (CARF), by the Ordinary Instance, issued a favorable decision to us, canceling the tax assessment notice. The Brazilian federal government appealed to the Superior Chamber of CARF. We understand that the CARF decision is final,
and there is no possibility of a review. As such, we presented a writ of security to have the final judgment of the administrative proceeding judicially recognized. Our injunction and sentence were favorable. Currently, the writ of security awaits
judgment of the Brazilian federal government’s appeal and request for suspension of judgment.

Additionally, relating to the same
transaction on November 14, 2013, we received a notice of tax assessment issued on behalf of Itaú Unibanco, charging R$1,439.9 million of corporate income tax (IRPJ) and R$502.6 million of CSLL, plus accrued penalties and
interest. We also assess the chance of prevailing in this litigation as remote. We filed a voluntary appeal that was dismissed by CARF and by the Superior Administrative Court of Federal Tax Appeals (CSRF). On September, 2020, a favorable ruling was
issued to us. However, the other party has appealed the favorable ruling and we are discussing the case in court.

In November 2019, we
received tax assessments from the Municipality of São Paulo, in the approximate amount of R$4 billion, for the alleged
non-payment
 of municipal tax on services (ISS) in connection with leasing and
credit card operations. In our defense, we state that such tax was duly paid to the Municipality of Poá, State of São Paulo, where we

174

Table of Contents

have had operations for about 30 years, with a structure comprising staff, physical space and technology consistent with the operations carried out in that location.

Please see “Note 2.3 – Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments, j) Provisions, Contingencies and Legal Liabilities” to our
audited consolidated financial statements for further details about the changes in the provisions and respective escrow deposits for tax and social security lawsuits and main types of tax disputes.

Stockholders’ Payment

Our
Bylaws establish the distribution to stockholders of mandatory dividends equivalent to 25% of our net income calculated for each fiscal year, adjusted by the decrease or increase of amounts related to legal reserve, to reserve for contingencies and
to its reversal related to prior years.

The mandatory dividend may be paid as dividends or interest on capital. The main difference
between these forms of payment is
tax-related.
 The payment of dividends is
tax-free
 for stockholders.

The payment of interest on capital is subject to withholding income tax at a 15% rate, or 25% if the stockholder is a resident of or domiciled
in a tax haven jurisdiction or a privileged tax regime.

The amount paid to stockholders as interest on capital, net of any withholding
tax, may be included as part of the mandatory dividend. In such case, we are required to distribute to stockholders an amount sufficient to ensure that the net amount received by stockholders, after the payment by us of applicable withholding taxes
in respect of the distribution of interest on capital, is at least equal to the mandatory dividend. For further information, please see “Item 10E. Taxation”.

Our Stockholder Remuneration Policy, which was approved by the Board of Directors, establishes the monthly payment of R$0.015 per share as an
advance mandatory dividend. The date used as a reference to determine which stockholders are entitled to receive such dividend in Brazil is determined based on the stockholding position registered on the last day of the preceding month. With respect
to our ADSs, however, the date used to determine which stockholders are entitled to receive the monthly dividend is three days after the Brazilian reference date. In both cases, monthly dividends for a given month are paid on the first business day
of the following month.

Stockholders may claim the payment of any dividend for a period of three years counted from the dividend payment
date. After this period we have no responsibility whatsoever for such payment. Stockholders not residing in Brazil must register with the Central Bank so that dividends, interest on capital and other share-related amounts can be remitted abroad in
foreign currency.

Currently, we pay dividends and interest on capital equivalent to or higher than the mandatory dividends, but this may
not continue to happen if our stockholders decide that such distribution is not advisable in view of our financial condition. In this case, if our Fiscal Council is constituted, it must issue an opinion about that decision, and management must
present a report to the CVM detailing the reasons for the suspension of the dividend payment. Profits not distributed due to a suspension of the dividend payment must be allocated to a special reserve and, if it is not absorbed by losses in
subsequent years, it must be paid as dividends as soon as our financial position so permits.

For information regarding recent amounts
paid or provisioned and reserved in stockholder’s equity, dividends and interest on own capital, see “Item 5A. Operating Results—Results.”

Please see “Note 21 – Interest and Similar Income and Expense and Net Gain (Loss), b) Interest and Similar Expense,” to our
audited consolidated financial statements and “Item 4B. Business Overview—Supervision and Regulation—Basel III Framework—Implementation of Basel III in Brazil.”

Please see “Item 12D. American Depositary Shares—ADS Holders’ Payment of Dividends” for details on the payment of
dividends to our ADS holders.

175

Table of Contents

8B.   Significant Changes

None.

ITEM 9.   THE OFFER AND LISTING

9A.   Offer and Listing Details

Our shares and ADSs

Beginning in 1996, we have meetings with institutional investors in Brazil, the United States and Europe to present our governance practices,
financial performance and value creation strategy, among other significant issues. Since 2002, in line with the commitment to strengthening our position in the Brazilian capital market and forge closer ties with stockholders and investors, we have
held a number of presentations every year in different Brazilian regions where APIMEC operates.

Please refer to Exhibit 2(c) to this
annual report for the remaining information relating to our American Depositary Shares.

Brazil   United States
B3—Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão   NYSE
Level 1 ITUB3 Common Shares   Level 1 ITUB4 Preferred Shares   Level 2 ITUB Preferred Shares American
Depositary Shares (ADSs)
Shareholders’ rights   ADS holder rights
– Entitle the holder to one vote at our general
stockholders’ meetings (one share has one voting right) —the voting rights of our controlling stockholders do not differ from the voting rights of other holders of common shares . – 80% tag-along; and – Preemptive right in the subscription of new shares in any capital increase   – Priority to receive mandatory dividends, in the amount of R$0.022 per share; – 80% tag-along; – Preemptive right in the subscription of new shares in any capital increase; – Voting right when the company fails to pay fixed, or minimum, dividends, for the period provided in the company’s Bylaws, which may never exceed
three consecutive fiscal years, until the dividends are paid; and – The creation of a new class of shares with priority over preferred shares, as well
as any change in preference or in right associated with preferred shares, must be approved by at least 50% of common shares and also approved by stockholders representing the majority of preferred shares in a special general meeting.   – Preemptive right in the subscription of new shares in any capital increase.

9B.   Plan of Distribution

Not applicable.

9C.   Markets

Our preferred shares and common shares have traded on the São Paulo Stock Exchange (currently B3) since 1944. Our preferred shares have
been traded on the NYSE in the form of ADSs (one ADS represents one preferred share) since

176

Table of Contents

February 21, 2002, in compliance with NYSE and SEC requirements. ADS holders have no stockholder rights, which are governed by Brazilian Corporate Law. The depositary is the holder of the
preferred shares underlying the ADSs. Holders of ADSs have ADS holder rights.

Disclosure Requirements

See “Item 4B. Business Overview – Supervision and Regulation” for more details regarding disclosure requirements.

Trading on the B3

B3 is
a publicly traded corporation. Beginning in April 2000, the Brazilian stock exchanges were reorganized through the execution of protocols of intention by the Brazilian stock exchanges. Until April 2004, all shares underlying securities were traded
only on the B3, with the exception of privatization auctions, which occurred on the Rio de Janeiro Stock Exchange. In May 2004, the Rio de Janeiro Stock Exchange reopened for the trading of certain Brazilian government securities.

Until May, 2019, if you were to trade in our shares on the B3, your trade would settle in three business days after the trade date. The seller
was ordinarily required to deliver the shares to the exchange on the third business day following the trade date. As of May 27, 2019, the trade is settled in two business days after the trade date. Delivery of and payment for shares are made
through the facilities of the Central Depository of B3.

In September 2014, the CMN issued Resolution No. 4,373/14, amending and
improving the provisions for (i) foreign investments through a depositary receipt mechanism; and (ii) investments made by
non-resident
 investors in the financial and capital markets in Brazil. The
main changes were: (a) increasing the number of instruments that may be issued through depositary receipts; (b) making it possible for
non-resident
 investors to invest in financial and capital
markets without having previously entered into foreign exchange operations; (c) clarifying the criteria for simultaneous foreign exchange operations; and (d) increasing the responsibility of the

non-resident
 investor’s representative. CMN Resolution No. 4,373/14 became effective in March 2015.

See “Item 10E. Taxation – Brazilian Tax Considerations—Taxation of Gains” for a description of certain tax benefits
extended to
non-Brazilian
 holders who qualify under CMN Resolution No. 4,373/14.

Corporate Governance Practices of B3

In 2000, B3 introduced three special listing segments known as “Levels 1 and 2 of Differentiated Corporate Governance Practices and

Novo Mercado
” with the purpose of stimulating the market of securities issued by Brazilian companies listed on B3, encouraging these companies to follow good corporate governance practices. B3 subsequently introduced two new segments
called “
Bovespa Mais
” and “
Bovespa Mais Nível 2
”, specifically for small- and medium-scale companies. The listing segments were designed for the trading of shares issued by companies that voluntarily commit
themselves to follow corporate governance practices and disclosure requirements beyond those required by Brazilian legislation. These rules generally increase shareholders’ rights and increase the quality of the information made available to
shareholders. Newly amended rules for Levels 1 and 2 of Differentiated Corporate Governance Practices came into effect in May 2011 and newly amended rules for “
Novo Mercado
” came into effect in May 2018.

To become a “Level 1” company, like us, the issuer must agree to the following requirements, in addition to those imposed by
applicable law: (i) ensure that shares that represent at least 25.0% of its total capital are actually available for trading; (ii) adopt offering procedures that favor the widespread ownership of the shares whenever a public offer is made;
(iii) comply with minimum standards for quarterly disclosure; (iv) follow stricter disclosure policies for transactions done by its controlling shareholders, members of its Board of Directors and executives that involve securities issued
by the issuer; (v) submit any existing shareholders agreement and stock option plans to B3; and (vi) prepare a schedule of corporate events and make it available to the shareholders.

To become a “Level 2” company, the issuer must agree to the following requirements, in addition to those imposed by applicable
law: (i) comply with all Level 1 listing requirements; (ii) grant
tag-along
 rights to all shareholders in case the company’s control is transferred, offering to common shareholders the same
price paid per share for the controlling block of common and preferred shares; (iii) give holders of preferred shares voting rights for decisions on certain corporate restructurings and related-party transactions, such as: (a) conversions,
acquisitions, mergers or splits; (b) approval of any transactions between the company and its controlling shareholder, if such decisions are within the competence of the general meeting; (c) valuation of assets to be used for payment of a
share capital increase; (d) selecting an institution or specialized

177

Table of Contents

company to determine the economic value of the company; and (e) any alterations to these voting rights that will prevail as long as the agreement to adhere to the B3’s
“Level 2” segment is in force; (iv) the Board of Directors must be made up of at least five members, of which at least a minimum of 20.0% shall be independent members with a term of office limited to two years, and reelection is
permitted; (v) prepare financial statements in English, including the statement of cash flows, according to international accounting standards such as U.S. GAAP or IFRS; (vi) effect a tender offer by the company’s controlling
shareholder (the minimum price of the shares to be offered shall be determined by an assessment process), if the controlling shareholder decides on the delisting from the “Level 2” segment; and (vii) exclusively adopt the B3
“Arbitration Board” rules for resolving any conflicts between the company and its investors.

To join B3’s “
Novo
Mercado
” segment, an issuer must meet all requirements described in “Levels 1 and 2,” including the issuance of common shares only (with voting rights) and granting
tag-along
 rights to all
shareholders in case the company’s control is transferred, offering the same price paid per share for the controlling block of shares.

In 2001, we executed an agreement with B3 to list our shares in the Level 1 segment, effective immediately after the disclosure of the
offer’s opening date in Brazil. We agreed to comply with and continue to comply with all of the Level 1 listing requirements.

9D.   Selling Shareholders

Not applicable.

9E.   Dilution

Not applicable.

9F.   Expenses of the Issue

Not applicable.

ITEM 10.   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

10A.   Share Capital

Not applicable.

10B.   Memorandum and Articles of Association

Set forth below is certain information concerning our capital stock and a brief summary of certain significant provisions of our Bylaws and
Brazilian Corporate Law. This description does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to our Bylaws and to Brazilian Corporate Law.

Corporate Purpose

We are organized as a
publicly held corporation for an unlimited period of time under the laws of Brazil. Our head offices are located at Praça Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha, 100,
04344-902,
 São Paulo, SP, Brazil and
our telephone number is +55 (11) 2794-3547. We are primarily governed by Brazilian Corporate Law and our Bylaws. Our Tax Payer’s Registry (CNPJ) is
60.872.504/0001-23,
 and we are registered with the
São Paulo Commercial Registry (
Junta Comercial do Estado de São Paulo
) under NIRE 35300010230.

Our corporate
purpose, as set forth in Article 2 of our Bylaws, is to perform banking activity in all its authorized forms, including foreign exchange transactions. Our agent for service of process in the United States is the general manager of our New York
branch, which is located at 767 Fifth Avenue, 50
th
 floor, New York, NY 10153.

178

Table of Contents

Adoption of Cumulative Voting

Under Brazilian Corporate Law and CVM’s regulation, stockholders that represent at least 5% of share capital with voting rights may demand
a cumulative voting process up to 48 hours before a general stockholders’ meeting. Each share will be entitled to as many votes as the members of the board being elected, and the stockholder has the right to concentrate votes in one candidate
or distribute them among several candidates. The presiding officer must inform the stockholders in advance about the number of votes required for the election of each member of the Board of Directors.

Whenever the election of the Board of Directors is held under the cumulative vote process and the common or preferred stockholders exercise
their right of electing one director, the controlling stockholder will have the right to elect directors in the same number as those elected by the other stockholders plus one, regardless of the number of directors that, according to our Bylaws,
compose the board.

Preemptive right, capital increase and payment for subscribed shares

Each stockholder has the preemptive right to subscribe for shares in any capital increase, in proportion to his equity interest, except in
specific cases, in compliance with Brazilian Corporate Law.

Our Bylaws authorize the Board of Directors to increase our capital stock up
to a limit of 13,176,900,000 shares, of which 6,588,450,000 must be common shares and 6,588,450,000 preferred shares (authorized capital). Up to the limit of our authorized capital, shares may be issued without considering our stockholders
preemptive rights if it is made: (i) for sale on a stock exchange; (ii) by public subscription; and (iii) in exchange for our shares at a public offering for acquisition of our control. Regardless of this provision, all increases in
capital stock must be ratified by stockholders and approved by the Central Bank.

After the approval of the capital increase by the
Central Bank, stockholders must pay the amount corresponding to subscribed shares under the terms established in the subscription documentation in connection with that capital increase. A stockholder that fails to make payments under the terms of
the subscription documentation will be deemed to be in default in accordance with Brazilian Corporate Law.

Brazilian legislation does not
provide for liability in capital calls, therefore the ownership interest of our stockholders may be diluted if they decide not to exercise their preemptive rights to subscribe shares in cases of capital increase.

Form and Transfer

Our shares are
book-entry and Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A. is our bookkeeping service provider. Therefore, the shares issued by us are to be kept in deposit accounts, under the investor’s name.

As an alternative, the investor may also deposit shares in the B3 via a custodian institution authorized by the CVM. In such case, the B3, as
central depositary, holds the shares under its name but controls the ownership of the securities through a structure of deposit accounts kept under the investors’ name. There is no distinction in the rights and obligations of stockholders,
regardless of whether their shares are deposited with a broker-dealer or with B3.

Redemption and withdrawal rights

Our common shares and our preferred shares are not redeemable, except upon delisting. Pursuant to Brazilian Corporate Law, however, the
approval of certain matters entitles a dissenting stockholder to withdraw from the company, such right expiring thirty days after publication of the minutes of the applicable stockholders’ meeting. This withdrawal may occur under certain
conditions upon reimbursement of the value of such holder’s shares, calculated based on criteria set forth under Brazilian Corporate Law. Also, in accordance with Brazilian Corporate Law, we are entitled to reconsider any resolution that gives
rise to a withdrawal within ten days following the expiration of the withdrawal period, if such exercise of withdrawal rights jeopardizes our financial stability.

Withdrawal rights are not available to stockholders whose shares have liquidity and are actively traded in the stock market in cases of merger
or takeover or in case the company elects to take part in a group of companies.

Common and preferred shares should be reimbursed upon
cancellation of their registration at their value, calculated based on the criteria set forth under Brazilian Corporate Law. If the resolution that gave rise to withdrawal rights was approved more than 60 days after the date when the last balance
sheet was approved, the stockholder may demand that his shares be redeemed at a value based on a new balance sheet, dated up to 60 days after the date of the general meeting.

179

Table of Contents

Threshold above which shareholder ownership must be disclosed

Brazilian regulations require that any person or group of persons representing the same interest that has directly or indirectly acquired an
interest corresponding to 5.0% of any type or class of shares of a publicly traded company must disclose its share ownership to the CVM and to Brazilian stock exchanges. Any subsequent increase or decrease of 5.0% or more in ownership of any type or
class of shares must be similarly disclosed.

Our Governance

Our governance structure

The main goal of
our corporate governance is to create an efficient set of incentive and monitoring mechanisms to ensure that management members are always aligned with our stockholders’ best interests in a sustainable way. In order to achieve this goal, we
have set up decision-making bodies and institutionalized procedures to align management with our meritocratic, performance-focused and long-term value-creation culture.

The three main pillars of our corporate governance structure are:

IUPAR (Itaú Unibanco Participações)   -  Alignment and union among shareholders; -  Group’s vision, mission and values; -  Significant mergers and acquisitions; -  Performance evaluation and admission of family members; and -  Discussion and approval of the long-term strategy.   Family Control With a long-term strategic vision
Itaú Unibanco Board of Directors   -  Definition and monitoring of the company’s strategy; -  Mergers and acquisitions; -  Monitor the Executive Committee’s performance -  Nomination of officers (meritocracy); -  Budget approval; -  Definition and monitoring of incentive and compensation models and goal settings; -  Supervision of the technologies strategy; -  Definition of the meritocracy policies; and -  Business operation supervision.   Value Creation Strategy definition
Executive Committee   -  Implementation of Board of Director’s guidelines and goals; -  Business operation and strategies for products and segments; -  Ensure better allocation and management of financial, operational and human resources; -  Monitoring of market, credit and operational risks; and -  Operate the Bank in purpose of value creation   Professional management Implementation of strategy and day-to-day management

180

Table of Contents

Our Policies

We adopt policies in order to formalize and consolidate existing structures to protect the interests of our employees, management members and
stockholders, as well as promote our culture and values, always seeking to run business in an ethical and transparent manner, preventing and fighting fraud and illegal acts and ensuring our business sustainability.

Below we present the main documents related to our corporate governance, including our Bylaws, as approved by our Board of Directors.

•   Bylaws: establish our principles and rules of operations, such as the definition of our corporate purpose,
composition of capital stock, responsibilities of statutory bodies, appropriation of net income, and our listing segment in stock exchanges, among others.

•   Internal Charters: we have internal charters that regulate the operation of our Board of Directors, Board
of Directors Committees, Board of Officers and Fiscal Council, in conformity with applicable legislation and best corporate governance practices.

•   Policy for the Nomination of Members of the Board of Directors, Committees Reporting to the Board of Directors
and the Executive Board: this policy establishes minimum requirements for the nomination of members to the Board of Directors, Board of Directors committees and our Board of Officers.

•   Code of Ethics: applies to all of our employees, members of the Board of Directors and officers and is
based on principles that support an organizational culture focused on the enhancement of people, strict compliance with rules and regulations and continuous development.

•   Policy for Trading Itaú Unibanco S.A. Securities : the purpose of this policy is to establish
guidelines and procedures to be followed by us and bound persons, to ensure transparency in the trading of our securities by all interested parties, without privileging some to the detriment of others.

•   Transactions with Related Parties: the purpose of this policy is to establish rules and consolidate
procedures to be followed in related party transactions, ensuring equality and transparency and as such, ensuring stockholders, investors and other stakeholders that we are in compliance with best corporate governance policies.

•   Corporate Policy and Procedure Disclosure of Material Information: this policy address the public
disclosure of material information and the requirement to keep such information confidential until disclosed in accordance with applicable rules.

•   Relationship Policy with Public Officials and Contracting with Bodies, Entities and Companies of Public
Administration: this policy guides the relationship with public officials and public entities with respect to our institutional interests and the financial system in general, in an organized manner.

•   Corporate Governance Policy: this policy consolidates the Corporate Governance principles and practices
adopted by us so that they can be disseminated throughout our company.

•   Anti-Corruption Corporate Policy: the purpose of this policy is to establish rules for avoiding conflicts
of interests in processes related to donations and sponsorship and in relationships with clients, suppliers and partners, in the public and private sectors, and also to establish guidelines and procedures to prevent and combat corruption, such as
training, communication, consultation and complaint channels.

Our Practices

Given that our shares have traded on the São Paulo Stock Exchange (currently B3) since 1944 and our ADSs have traded on the NYSE since
2002, we are required to comply with the rules of the CVM, the B3, the SEC and the NYSE.

The following timeline illustrates the main
Corporate Governance practices adopted over recent years:

181

Table of Contents

182

Table of Contents

Management structure

Our management is structured to ensure that matters are extensively discussed and decisions are made on a collective basis. The information
below concerns our management bodies, their main duties and composition:

183

Table of Contents

Duties   Composition
General Stockholder’s Meeting   The company’s supreme body that brings stockholders together,
either on an ordinary or extraordinary basis, through a convening notice as set forth by law. Annual Stockholders’ Meeting: It is held in the first four-month period of each year, to review, discuss and vote the financial statements submitted
by management, resolve on the allocation of net income for the year, payout of dividends and election of members to the Board of Directors and the Fiscal Council. Extraordinary Stockholders’ Meeting: It is held when convened to resolve on key matters that are not the exclusive responsibility of the Annual
General Stockholders’ Meeting.   The Annual Stockholders’ Meeting is open on first call with the
attendance of stockholders representing at least 25% of voting capital. Any amendments to the Bylaws should be resolved on at an Extraordinary Stockholders’ Meeting, which will be open on first call with the attendance of stockholders
representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the voting capital. Our meetings are held
with a quorum representing approximately 90% of our voting capital.
Fiscal Council   An independent body operating independently from Management, our
external auditors and Audit Committee. It supervises the activities of our Management, examines and opines on our financial statements for the year ended, among other duties established by Brazilian law.   It is composed of 3 to 5 members elected annually by our stockholders,
one of whom by minority preferred stockholders.
Board of Directors   It is responsible for establishing our general business guidelines,
including for our subsidiaries, and holds ordinary meetings eight times per year and extraordinary meetings when necessary.   It is composed of 12 members, all non-executive, and of whom 6 are deemed independent (50%). The turnover of the Board members is carried out in accordance with our bylaws, which provide for the ineligibility of persons who have reached the
age of 70. Members are elected annually by our stockholders.
Board of Officers   It implements the guidelines proposed by the Board of Directors.
Officers manage our daily business activities, ensuring the best allocation and management funds to accomplish the goals we have set.   It is composed of 5 to 30 members, including Chief Executive Officer
and Officers, in conformity with the guidelines established by the Board of Directors for filling these positions. Members are elected annually by the Board of Directors. Each member elected to our Board of Officers must be approved by the Central
Bank. According to Brazilian law, an acting officer retains their position until they are reelected or a successor takes office.
Disclosure and Trading Committee   This Committee is responsible for: Managing the Policy for the Disclosure of Material information and the Policy for Trading
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. Securities. Carrying out internal actions intendent
to improve the information flow. Promoting the ethical conduct of our management
members and employees. Ensuring transparency, quality, equality and security of the
information provided to our stockholders, investors and other capital market players.   It is composed of: Members of the Board of Directors. Members of the Board of Officers of Itaú Unibanco Holding or any other Itaú
Unibanco Group company. Professionals of proven knowledge in the capital markets
area. Investors Relations Officer (a permanent member of the
Committee).

184

Table of Contents

10C.   Material Contracts

None.

10D.   Exchange controls

Individuals or legal entities domiciled outside Brazil may own our stock through ADSs negotiated in a U.S. Exchange or through direct
investments in the Brazilian Market.

However, the right to convert dividend payments and proceeds from the sale of our shares in the
Brazilian Market, into foreign currency and to remit such amounts abroad is subject to compliance with requirements of Brazilian foreign investment and foreign currency legislation. This legislation generally requires, among other things,
documentary evidence that establishes the legality, the legitimacy and the economic validity of the exchange operation and that the relevant investment was registered with the Central Bank and the CVM, as applicable.

In case the investment in our stock is made through ADS, the ADS holders benefit from the electronic certificate of foreign capital
registration obtained in Brazil by the custodian of the preferred shares underlying the ADSs, which permits the depositary bank to convert dividends and other distributions with respect to the preferred shares underlying the ADSs into foreign
currency and remit the proceeds abroad.

In case the investment in our stock is made directly in the Brazilian Market, such investment
needs to be registered with the Central Bank either as (i) a foreign direct investment, the Electronic Declaratory Registration of Foreign Direct Investment
(RDE-IED),
 or (ii) a portfolio investment,
the Electronic Declaratory Registration of Portfolio (RDE – Portfolio).

The registration as foreign direct investment
(RDE-IED)
 enables
non-resident
 investors to hold stock of companies, although it, limits the ability of the investor to negotiate such stocks in the Brazilian Capital Markets.
On the other hand, the registration as portfolio investment (RDE – Portfolio) entitles certain foreign investors to invest not only in stocks, but also in other financial assets and securities, and to engage in a variety of transactions
available in the Brazilian financial and capital markets, provided that certain requirements of the regulation are fulfilled.

Registration under RDE – Portfolio affords favorable tax treatment to
non-resident
 investors who
are not residents or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions, as defined by Brazilian tax laws.

185

Table of Contents

10E.   Taxation

Taxation Considerations for ADS Holders

This summary is based upon tax laws of Brazil and the United States in effect as of the date hereof, and contains a description of the main
Brazilian and U.S. federal income tax considerations regarding the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our preferred shares or ADSs, but it does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant
to these matters, considering that laws are subject to change and to differing interpretations (possibly with retroactive effect). Although there is no income tax treaty between Brazil and the United States in place, the tax authorities of the two
countries have agreed in applicable provisions of reciprocal tax treatment as to compensation of tax withheld at the source country in the residence country. No assurance can be given, however, as to whether or when a treaty will enter into force or
how it will affect a U.S. Holder (as defined below) of our preferred shares or ADSs.

Prospective purchasers of our preferred shares or
ADSs should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our preferred shares and ADSs, including, in particular, the effect of any
non-U.S.,

non-resident,
 state or local tax laws.

INVESTORS ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS
AS TO BRAZILIAN TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR PREFERRED SHARES OR ADSs CONSIDERING THEIR PARTICULAR FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES, AS WELL AS THE EFFECT OF ANY

NON-BRAZILIAN
 TAX LAWS.

Brazilian Tax Considerations

The following discussion summarizes the main Brazilian tax consequences related to the acquisition, ownership and disposition by
Non-Resident
 Holders of our preferred shares or ADSs.

Non-Resident
 Holders
Resident or Domiciled in Tax Haven Jurisdictions

Under Brazilian tax laws, as regulated by Article 1 of Normative Instruction
No. 1,037 of June 4, 2010, as amended, a “tax haven” is defined as a country or location (a) that does not impose any income tax or where the maximum income tax rate is 20%, or 17% as further detailed below (b) where
the local legislation imposes restrictions on disclosure regarding shareholder composition or investment ownership. A list of current tax haven jurisdictions has been published per such Normative Instruction.

Non-Resident
 Holders resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions may be subject to withholding tax in Brazil at higher rates than
Non-Resident
 Holders not resident
or domiciled in tax havens, as described below.

Additionally, on June 24, 2008, Law No. 11,727 introduced the concept of
“privileged tax regime,” which is defined as a tax regime that (i) does not tax income or taxes it at a maximum rate lower than 20%; (ii) grants tax benefits to
non-resident
 entities or
individuals (a) without the requirement to carry out substantial economic activity in the country or dependency or (b) contingent to the
non-exercise
 of substantial economic activity in the country
or dependency; (iii) does not tax or that taxes income generated abroad at a maximum rate lower than 20%; or (iv) does not provide access to information related to shareholding composition, ownership of assets and rights or economic
transactions carried out. A list of current privileged tax jurisdictions has been published on Normative Instruction 1,037 and, currently, withholding rates for
Non-Resident
 Holders resident or domiciled in
privileged tax regimes are the same applicable for
Non-Resident
 Holders non domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions.

On November 28, 2014, the Brazilian tax authorities issued Ordinance No. 488, which decreased these minimum thresholds from 20% to
17% in certain cases. Under Ordinance No. 488, the 17% threshold applies only to countries and regimes aligned with international standards of fiscal transparency, in accordance with rules to be established by the Brazilian tax authorities.

Notwithstanding the above, we recommend that you consult your own tax advisors regarding the consequences of the implementation of Law
No. 11,727, Normative Ruling No. 1,037 and of any related Brazilian tax law or regulation concerning tax havens and privileged tax regimes.

186

Table of Contents

Income Tax for
Non-Resident
 Holders

Law No. 13,259 enacted on March 16, 2016 increased the flat 15% rate of the income tax levied on capital gains derived by
individuals, certain corporations and foreign investors (individuals and corporations) as a result of the disposal of assets and rights in general exceeding R$5 million, by adopting a system of progressive rates that may reach a 22.5% tax rate
(for positive results exceeding R$30 million). Since capital gains arising from transactions executed through a securities exchange are subject to specific tax rules, which are not included under the scope of Law No. 13,259, it is possible to
sustain the position that the provisions of this rule should not apply to such transactions, applying a fixed rate of 15%. This rule applies since January 1, 2017. If the stockholder is a resident of or domiciled in a tax haven jurisdiction,
the capital gains are subject to the withholding income tax at a 25% rate, while gains arising from transactions executed through a securities exchange are subject to a 15% withholding income tax.

Taxation of Dividends

Payment of
dividends derived from profits generated after January 1, 1996, including dividends paid in kind, are not subject to withholding tax in Brazil.

Taxation of Interest on Net Equity

Law
No. 9,249, dated December 26, 1995, as amended, allows a Brazilian corporation, such as ourselves, to also make payments of interest on net equity in addition to dividend distributions. Currently, payments of interest on net equity are
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 15%, or 25% in the case of a
Non-Resident
 Holder that is resident or domiciled in a tax haven jurisdiction.

Taxation of Gains

Sales or Other Dispositions of ADSs

Gains realized outside Brazil by a
Non-Resident
 Holder from the sale
or other disposal of ADSs to another
Non-Resident
 Holder should not be subject to Brazilian taxation. However, according to Law No. 10,833, dated December 29, 2003, as amended, the disposition of
assets located in Brazil by a
Non-Resident
 Holder may be tax exempt, if carried in the stock exchange, or subject to Brazilian withholding tax at a 15% flat rate or a progressive rate varying from 15% to 22.5%
depending on the kind of investment made into Brazil and the location where the
Non-Resident
 Holder is resident or domiciled (also, a 25% rate may apply if the foreign beneficiary is resident or domiciled in a
jurisdiction deemed to be a tax haven for Brazilian tax purposes).

Although the referred Law does not clarify what is considered to be an
asset located in Brazil, ADSs generally should not be considered to be assets located in Brazil for purposes of such Law, because they represent securities issued and negotiated in an offshore exchange market. It is important to note that even if
ADSs were considered to be assets located in Brazil,
Non-Resident
 Holders not resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions may still apply for exemption from capital gains tax according to Article 81 of
Law No. 8,981, dated January 20, 1995, as amended.

Conversion of Our Preferred Shares into ADSs

The deposit by a
Non-Resident
 Holder of our preferred shares with the depositary for conversion into
ADSs may be subject to Brazilian capital gains tax, if such
Non-Resident
 Holder is resident or domiciled in a tax haven jurisdiction or if such preferred shares have not been registered under the Central Bank
according to CMN Resolution No. 4,373, dated September 29, 2014, effective as of March 30, 2015 (former CMN Resolution No. 2,689, dated January 26, 2000, and CMN Resolution No. 1,927, dated May 18, 1992), as
amended. In those cases, the positive difference between the acquisition cost of such preferred shares or the amount otherwise previously registered under the Central Bank and the average price of such preferred shares, according to the mentioned
CMN Resolution No. 4,373/14), may be considered taxable capital gain, and may be subject to income tax. Please refer to “Investments of Foreign Investors”, for further details.

187

Table of Contents

Non-Resident
 Holders that are resident or domiciled in
tax haven jurisdictions may be subject to capital gain tax at a 25% rate on sale or transfer of shares outside of the financial and capital markets upon such a conversion or 15% if the sale or transfer of shares is carried on the financial and
capital markets.On the other hand, when
Non-Resident
 Holders that are not resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions deposit preferred shares registered according to CMN Resolution No. 4,373/14 in
exchange for ADSs, such deposit should not be subject to capital gain tax.

Sales or Other Dispositions of Our Preferred Shares

Non-Resident
 Holders not resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions that register their
portfolio according to CMN Resolution No. 4,373/14 may benefit from a special capital gains tax exemption available for the sale of securities in the Brazilian stock exchange. On the other hand, sale of shares not registered according to CMN
Resolution No. 4,373/14 or made outside of Brazilian stock exchanges is generally subject to 15% capital gain tax.

Such special
treatment is not applicable to
Non-Resident
 Holders resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions, who are subject to general taxation rules applicable to Brazilian residents on the sale of their
investments in the financial markets, including stock exchanges and
over-the-counter
 markets. In these cases, the tax rate is generally 15%. If such
Non-Resident
 Holders sell shares outside of the financial and capital markets, the income taxation rate will instead be of 25%. Any exercise of preemptive rights related to our preferred shares (and in connection
with the ADS program) will not be subject to Brazilian taxation. The gains from the sale or assignment of preemptive rights will be subject to the Brazilian income tax according to the same rules applicable to disposition of shares or ADSs.

Tax on Financial Transactions IOF/Exchange (IOF/FX) and IOF/Securities

According to the Decree No. 6,306/2007, and further amendments, Tax on Financial Transactions may levy on some foreign exchange
transactions.

The acquisition of ADSs and preferred shares currently are not subject to IOF/Exchange. We stress that that IOF/Exchange
may change via Presidential Decree, with immediate effects.

As of December 24, 2013, pursuant to Decree No. 8,165, the
IOF/Securities tax levied on the assignment of shares traded in the Brazilian stock exchange market in order to permit the issuance of depositary receipts to be negotiated overseas has been reduced to 0% rate.

Other Brazilian Taxes

There are no
Brazilian inheritance, gift or succession taxes applicable to the transfer of ownership or title (ownership without beneficial interest) of our preferred shares or ADSs or the vesting of free beneficial interest of such shares or ADSs outside Brazil
by a
Non-Resident
 Holder, except for gift, inheritance and legacy taxes that are levied by some states of Brazil if bestowed in such states of Brazil or abroad when the receiver is resident or domiciled in
these states of Brazil. There are no Brazilian stamp, issue, registration, or similar taxes or duties payable to
Non-Resident
 Holders of our preferred shares or ADSs.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations

The following is a general discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of
our preferred shares or ADSs by U.S. Holders (as defined below) who hold such preferred shares or ADSs as capital assets within the meaning of section 1,221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. This discussion does not
address all of the U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to specific U.S. Holders in light of their particular circumstances or to U.S. Holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law, such as banks,
insurance companies, retirement plans, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, dealers in securities, brokers,
tax-exempt
 entities, certain former citizens or residents of the United
States, U.S. Holders that hold our preferred shares or ADSs as part of a “straddle,” “hedging,” “conversion” or other integrated transaction, U.S. Holders that mark their securities to market for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, U.S. Holders that have a functional currency

188

Table of Contents

other than the U.S. dollar, U.S. Holders that own (or are deemed to own) 10% or more (by voting power or value) of our shares or U.S. Holders that receive our preferred shares or ADSs as
compensation. In addition, this discussion does not address the effect of any U.S. state, local or
non-U.S.
 tax considerations or any U.S. estate, gift or alternative minimum tax considerations.

This discussion is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated or proposed thereunder and administrative and judicial
interpretations thereof, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, or subject to differing interpretations. This discussion also assumes that each obligation in the deposit
agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms.

For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S.
Holder” means a beneficial owner of our preferred shares or ADSs that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or entity treated as a
corporation) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source, or (iv) a
trust (x) with respect to which a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions or (y) that has in
effect a valid election under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.

If an entity or arrangement treated as
a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes invests in our preferred shares or ADSs, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will depend in part upon the status and activities of such entity or arrangement and the particular
partner. Any such entity and partners in such entity or arrangement should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to them relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of such preferred
shares or ADSs, especially in light of recent changes to U.S. tax law.

INVESTORS ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS
AS TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR PREFERRED SHARES OR ADSs IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, AS WELL AS THE EFFECT OF ANY

NON-U.S.
 TAX LAWS.

Except where specifically described below, this discussion assumes that we are
not and will not be a passive foreign investment company, or a PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Please see the discussion under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations” below.

Treatment of ADSs

A U.S. Holder of ADSs
generally will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the owner of such U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in our preferred shares held by the depositary (or its custodian) that are represented and evidenced by such ADSs.
Accordingly, any deposit or withdrawal of our preferred shares in exchange for ADSs generally will not result in the realization of gain or loss to such U.S. Holder for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Distributions

A U.S. Holder that
receives a distribution with respect to our preferred shares (whether held through ADSs or directly), including payments of interest on net equity as described above under “Brazilian Tax Considerations – Taxation of Interest on Net
Equity,” generally will be required to include the amount of such distribution (without reduction for any Brazilian withholding tax with respect thereto) in gross income as a dividend to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and
profits (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) on the date such U.S. Holder (or the depositary, in the case of ADSs) actually or constructively receives such distribution, and will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction
allowed to corporations. A distribution on our preferred shares (whether held through ADSs or directly) in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits generally will be treated first as a

non-taxable
 return of capital to the extent of such U.S. Holder’s basis in such preferred shares or ADSs, as the case may be, and thereafter as gain from the sale or exchange of such preferred shares or
ADSs (which will be treated in the same manner described below under “Sale, Exchange or Other Disposition of Preferred Shares or ADSs”). We have not maintained and do not plan to maintain calculations of earnings and profits for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. Holder may need to include the entire amount of any such distribution in income as a dividend.

189

Table of Contents

The U.S. dollar value of any distribution on our preferred shares (whether held through ADSs or
directly) made in Brazilian reais generally should be calculated by reference to the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Brazilian real in effect on the date of receipt of such distribution by the U.S. Holder (or the depositary, in the
case of ADSs), regardless of whether the reais so received are in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Such U.S. Holder generally will have a basis in such reais equal to the U.S. dollar value of such reais on the date of receipt. Any gain or loss on a
subsequent conversion or other disposition of such reais by such U.S. Holder generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss and generally will be income or loss from sources within the United States.

Distributions treated as dividends that are received by certain
non-corporate
 U.S. persons (including
individuals) in respect of shares of a
non-U.S.
 corporation (other than a corporation that is, in the taxable year during which the distributions are made or the preceding taxable year, a PFIC) that is readily
tradable on an established securities market in the United States generally qualify for a 20% reduced maximum tax rate (and potentially additional tax discussed below under “Medicare Tax”) so long as certain holding period and other
requirements are met. Since the ADSs are listed on the NYSE, unless we are treated as a PFIC with respect to a U.S. Holder, dividends received by such a U.S. Holder in respect of the ADSs should qualify for the reduced rate. Based on existing
guidance, it is not entirely clear whether dividends received by such a U.S. Holder of our preferred shares in respect of such shares will qualify for the reduced rate, because our preferred shares are not themselves listed on a United States
exchange. Special rules apply for purposes of determining the recipient’s investment income (which may limit deductions for investment interest) and foreign income (which may affect the amount of U.S. foreign tax credit) and to certain
extraordinary dividends. Each U.S. Holder that is a
non-corporate
 taxpayer should consult its own tax advisor regarding the possible applicability of the reduced tax rate and the related restrictions and
special rules.

Sale, Exchange or Other Disposition of Preferred Shares or ADSs

Upon a sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our preferred shares or ADSs, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize gain or loss for
U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between the amount realized on such sale, exchange or other taxable disposition and such U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs. A U.S.
Holder’s adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs generally will be its U.S. dollar cost. Any gain or loss so recognized generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if such U.S. Holder has held such preferred shares or ADSs for
more than one year at the time of such sale, exchange or other taxable disposition. Certain
non-corporate
 U.S. Holders are entitled to preferential treatment for net long-term capital gains. The ability of a
U.S. Holder to offset capital losses against ordinary income is limited.

A U.S. Holder that receives Brazilian reais from the sale,
exchange or other disposition of our preferred shares (whether held through ADSs or directly) generally will realize an amount equal to the U.S. dollar value of such reais on the settlement date of such sale, exchange or other taxable disposition if
(i) such U.S. Holder is a cash basis or electing accrual basis taxpayer and our preferred shares are treated as being “traded on an established securities market” or (ii) such settlement date is also the date of such sale,
exchange or other taxable disposition. Such U.S. Holder generally will have a basis in such reais equal to the U.S. dollar value of such reais on the settlement date. Any gain or loss on a subsequent conversion or other taxable disposition of such
reais by such U.S. Holder generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss and generally will be income or loss from sources within the United States. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of receiving reais from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our preferred shares in cases not described in the first sentence of this paragraph.

Foreign Tax Credit Considerations

Distributions on our preferred shares (whether held through ADSs or directly), including payments of interest on net equity as described above
under “Brazilian Tax Considerations – Taxation of Interest on Net Equity,” that are treated as dividends, before reduction for any Brazilian withholding taxes with respect thereto, generally will be included in the gross income of a
U.S. Holder. Thus, such U.S. Holder may be required to report income for such purposes in an amount greater than the actual amount such U.S. Holder receives in cash. Distributions treated as dividends generally will constitute income from sources
outside the United States and generally will be categorized for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes as “passive category income” or, in the case of some U.S. Holders, as “general category income.” Subject to applicable limitations
and holding period requirements, a U.S. Holder may be eligible to elect to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit against its U.S. federal income tax liability for any such Brazilian withholding taxes. Under current law, gains resulting from a sale or
other disposal of our preferred shares or ADSs may be subject to Brazilian income or withholding taxes. A U.S. Holder’s use of a foreign

190

Table of Contents

tax credit with respect to any such Brazilian income or withholding taxes could be limited, as such gain generally will constitute income from sources within the United States. A U.S. Holder that
does not claim a U.S. foreign tax credit generally may instead claim a deduction for any such Brazilian taxes, but only for a taxable year in which such U.S. Holder elects to do so with respect to all
non-U.S.

income taxes paid or accrued by such U.S. Holder in such taxable year. Foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will constitute income from sources within the United States. The rules relating to foreign tax credits are complex, and each
U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application of such rules.

Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations

Special U.S. federal income tax rules apply to U.S. persons owning shares of a PFIC. A
non-U.S.

corporation generally will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in any taxable year in which, after applying relevant look-through rules with respect to the income and assets of certain subsidiaries, either: at least 75% of
its gross income is “passive income”, or on average at least 50% of the gross value of its assets is attributable to assets that produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income.

For this purpose, passive income generally includes, among other things, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, gains from the disposition of
passive assets and gains from commodities transactions.

The application of the PFIC rules to banks is unclear under present U.S. federal
income tax law. Banks generally derive a substantial part of their income from assets that are interest bearing or that otherwise could be considered passive under the PFIC rules. The IRS, has issued a notice, and has proposed regulations, that
exclude from passive income any income derived in the active conduct of a banking business by a qualifying foreign bank, also known as the Active Bank Exception. The IRS notice and proposed regulations have different requirements for qualifying as a
foreign bank, and for determining the banking income that may be excluded from passive income under the Active Bank Exception. Moreover, the proposed regulations have been outstanding since 1994 and will not be effective unless finalized.

Based on estimates of our current and projected gross income and gross assets, we do not believe that we will be classified as a PFIC for our
current or future taxable years. The determination of whether we are a PFIC, however, is made annually and is based upon the composition of our income and assets (including income and assets of entities in which we hold at least a 25% interest), and
the nature of our activities (including our ability to qualify for the Active Bank Exception).

Because final regulations have not been
issued and because the notice and the proposed regulations are inconsistent, our status under the PFIC rules is subject to considerable uncertainty. While we conduct, and intend to continue to conduct, a significant banking business, there can be no
assurance that we will satisfy the specific requirements for the Active Bank Exception under either the IRS notice or the proposed regulations. Accordingly, U.S. Holders could be subject to U.S. federal income tax under the rules described below.

If we are treated as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder owns our preferred shares or ADSs, any gain realized on a
sale or other taxable disposition of such preferred shares or ADSs and certain “excess distributions” (generally distributions in excess of 125% of the average distribution over the prior three-year period, or if shorter, the holding
period for such preferred shares or ADSs) will be treated as ordinary income and will be subject to tax as if (i) the excess distribution or gain had been realized ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for such preferred shares or
ADSs, (ii) the amount deemed realized in each year had been subject to tax in each such year at the highest marginal rate for such year (other than income allocated to the current period or any taxable period before we became a PFIC, which
would be subject to tax at such U.S. Holder’s regular ordinary income rate for the current year and would not be subject to the interest charge discussed below), and (iii) the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax
had been imposed on the taxes deemed to have been payable in those years.

If we are treated as a PFIC and, at any time, we invest in
non-U.S.
 corporations that are classified as PFICs, or Subsidiary PFICs, U.S. Holders generally will be deemed to own, and also would be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to, their indirect ownership interest
in any such Subsidiary PFIC. If we are treated as a PFIC, a U.S. Holder could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if either (i) we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in,
any such Subsidiary PFIC or (ii) such U.S. Holder disposes of all or part of our preferred shares or ADSs.

191

Table of Contents

We do not expect to provide information that would allow U.S. Holders to avoid the foregoing
consequences by making a “qualified electing fund” election.

A U.S. Holder of shares in a PFIC (but possibly not a Subsidiary
PFIC, as discussed below) may make a
“mark-to-market”
 election, provided the PFIC shares are “marketable stock” as defined under applicable Treasury
regulations (i.e., “regularly traded” on a “qualified exchange or other market”). Under applicable Treasury regulations, a “qualified exchange or other market” includes (i) a national securities exchange that is
registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the national market system established under the Exchange Act or (ii) a foreign securities exchange that is regulated or supervised by a governmental authority of the country in
which the market is located and meets certain trading, listing, financial disclosure and other requirements set forth in applicable Treasury regulations. The ADSs are traded on the NYSE and the preferred shares are traded on the B3. The NYSE
constitutes a qualified exchange or other market. Although the IRS has not addressed whether the B3 meets the requirements to be treated as a qualified exchange or other market, we believe that the B3 should be so treated. PFIC shares traded on a
qualified exchange or other market are regularly traded on such exchange or other market for any calendar year during which such shares are traded, other than in de minimis quantities, on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter. We cannot
assure U.S. Holders that our preferred shares or ADSs will be treated as “marketable stock” for any taxable year.

The tax
consequences that would apply if we were a PFIC would be different from those described above if a
“mark-to-market”
 election is available and a U.S. Holder
validly makes such an election as of the beginning of such U.S. Holder’s holding period. If such an election were made, such U.S. Holder generally would (i) include in gross income, entirely as ordinary income, an amount equal to the
excess, if any, of the fair market value of our preferred shares or ADSs as of the close of each taxable year and such U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs, and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss the excess, if
any, of such U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs over the fair market value of such preferred shares or ADSs at the end of the taxable year, but only to the extent of the net amount previously included in gross
income as a result of the
mark-to-market
 election. Any gain from a sale, exchange or other disposition of our preferred shares or ADSs in a taxable year in which we were
a PFIC would be treated as ordinary income, and any loss from such sale, exchange or other disposition would be treated first as ordinary loss (to the extent of any net

mark-to-market
 gains previously included in income) and thereafter as capital loss. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs would
increase or decrease by the amount of the gain or loss taken into account under the
mark-to-market
 regime. Even if a U.S. Holder is eligible to make a
mark-to-market
 election with respect to our preferred shares or ADSs, however, it is not clear whether or how such election would apply with respect to the shares of any
Subsidiary PFIC that such U.S. Holder is treated as owning, because such Subsidiary PFIC shares might not be marketable stock. The
mark-to-market
 election is made with
respect to marketable stock in a PFIC on a
shareholder-by-shareholder
 basis and, once made, can only be revoked with the consent of the IRS. Special rules would apply if
the
mark-to-market
 election is not made for the first taxable year in which a U.S. Holder owns any equity interest in us while we are a PFIC.

A U.S. Holder who owns our preferred shares or ADSs during any taxable year that we are treated as a PFIC generally would be required to file
an information return with respect to us and any Subsidiary PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds a direct or indirect interest. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to our preferred shares or
ADSs and the availability and advisability of making a
mark-to-market
 election should we be considered a PFIC for any taxable year.

Medicare Tax

In addition to regular U.S.
federal income tax, certain U.S. Holders that are individuals, estates or trusts are subject to a 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income,” which may include all or a portion of their income arising from a distribution
with respect to a preferred share or ADS and net gain from the sale, exchange or other disposition of a preferred share or ADS.

Backup Withholding and
Information Reporting

Backup withholding at a rate of 24% and information reporting requirements generally apply to certain U.S.
Holders with respect to payments made on or proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition of our preferred shares or ADSs. A U.S. Holder not otherwise exempt from backup withholding generally can avoid backup withholding by providing a

192

Table of Contents

properly executed IRS Form
W-9.
 Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules generally will be
allowed as a refund or a credit against the U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished by the U.S. Holder to the IRS.

Disclosure Requirements for Specified Foreign Financial Assets

Individual U.S. Holders (and certain U.S. entities specified in U.S. Treasury Department guidance) who, during any taxable year, hold any
interest in any “specified foreign financial asset” generally will be required to file with their U.S. federal income tax returns certain information on IRS Form 8938 if the aggregate value of all such assets exceeds certain specified
amounts. A “specified foreign financial asset” generally includes any financial account maintained with a
non-U.S.
 financial institution and may also include our preferred shares or ADSs if they are
not held in an account maintained with a financial institution. Substantial penalties may be imposed, and the period of limitations on assessment and collection of U.S. federal income taxes may be extended, in the event of a failure to comply. U.S.
Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the possible application to them of this filing requirement.

Disclosure Requirements for Certain
U.S. Holders Recognizing Significant Losses

A U.S. Holder that claims significant losses in respect of our preferred shares or ADSs
for U.S. federal income tax purposes (generally (i) US$10 million or more in a taxable year or US$20 million or more in any combination of taxable years for corporations or partnerships all of whose partners are corporations,
(ii) US$2 million or more in a taxable year or US$4 million or more in any combination of taxable years for all other taxpayers, or (iii) US$50,000 or more in a taxable year for individuals or trusts) with respect to a foreign
currency transaction, may be required to file Form 8886 for “reportable transactions.” U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors concerning any possible disclosure obligation with respect to our preferred shares or ADSs.

U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)

Please see “Item 4B, Business Overview – Taxes on Transactions Entered into by Itaú Unibanco Group – U.S. Foreign Account
Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)” for more clarification on FATCA.

10F.   Dividends and Paying Agents

Not applicable.

10G.   Statement by Experts

Not applicable.

10H.   Documents on Display

We are subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, for foreign private issuers. Accordingly, we are required to file reports
and other information with the SEC, including annual reports on Form
20-F
 and current reports on Form
6-K.
 You may inspect and copy reports and other information filed
with the SEC at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington D.C. 20549. Copies of the materials may be obtained by mail from the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549 at prescribed rates. The public may obtain information on the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference Room by calling the SEC in the United States at
1-800-SEC-0330.
 In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website at
www.sec.gov
, from which you can electronically access those materials, including this annual report and the accompanying
exhibits. The information contained on this website does not form part of this annual report on Form
20-F.
 We also file financial statements and other periodic reports with the CVM located at Rua Sete de
Setembro, 111, Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro
20050-901,
 Brazil. The CVM maintains an Internet website at
www.cvm.gov.br
. The information contained on this website does not form part of this annual
report on Form
20-F.

193

Table of Contents

Copies of our Form
20-F
 will be available for inspection
upon request to the Investor Relations department at our office at Avenida Engenheiro Armando de Arruda Pereira, 707, Torre Eudoro Villela, Piso Térreo – São Paulo – SP –
04309-010

– Brazil.

Investors may receive a hard copy of this annual report, including our audited consolidated financial statements for the
last fiscal year, free of charge, by requesting a copy from our Investor Relations department, by
e-mail,
 at
investor.relations@itau-unibanco.com.br
, indicating their contact information and their
complete mailing address.

10I.   Subsidiary Information

Not required.

ITEM 11.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Credit Risk

Overview

We define credit risk as the risk of loss associated with: failure by a borrower, issuer or counterparty to fulfill their respective financial
obligations as defined in the contracts; value loss of a credit agreement resulting from a deterioration of the borrower’s, issuer’s or counterparty’s credit rating; reduction of profits or income; benefits granted upon subsequent
renegotiation; or debt recovery costs.

Our credit risk management is intended to preserve the quality of the loan portfolio at levels
compatible with our risk appetite, for each market segment in which we operate.

Governance

The credit risk management structure is based on principles described in the internal Policy for Credit Risk Management and Control:

•   To follow the guidelines established by the Board of Directors, as well as to provide information for the Board
to monitor the strategies and policies related to credit risk, so that there is a clear understanding of the tolerance for risk and the level of profitability that the institution expects to achieve for incurring the various credit risks;

•   Ensure that policies and strategies for credit risk management are clearly defined, establishing operating
limits, risk mitigation mechanisms, and procedures designed to maintain credit risk exposure in line with our risk appetite;

•   Establish processes and instruments to measure, monitor and control risk, which allow quantifying the credit risk
inherent to all products, portfolio concentrations and the impacts of potential changes in the economic environment;

•   To promote the continuous monitoring of our portfolio and the policies and strategies adopted, reporting to the
executive board any indications of deterioration in the quality of operations and any exceptions to the established rules; and

•   To ensure the compliance of operations and controls with the rules and legislation in force in each country.

Procedures and Key Indicators

The key assignments of the business units are (i) monitoring the portfolios under their responsibility, (ii) granting credit,
considering approval levels, market conditions, macroeconomic prospects, changes in markets and products, and (iii) credit risk management aimed at making the business sustainable.

194

Table of Contents

Our credit policy is based on internal factors, such as: client rating criteria, performance and
evolution of our portfolio, default levels, return rates and allocated economic capital, among others; and also takes into account external factors such as: interest rates, market default indicators, inflation and changes in consumption, among
others.

With respect to our individuals, small and medium companies, credit ratings are assigned based on statistical models (in the
early stages of our relationship with a customer) and behavior score models (used for customers with whom we already have a relationship). For large companies, classification is based on information such as the counterparty’s economic and
financial situation, its cash-generating capacity, and the business group to which it belongs, the current and prospective situation of the economic sector in which it operates. Credit proposals are analyzed on a
case-by-case
 basis through the approval governance.

The concentrations are continuously
monitored for economic sectors, and largest debtors, allowing preventive measures to be taken to avoid the violation of the established limits.

We also
strictly control our credit exposure to clients and counterparties, acting to reverse occasional limit breaches. We may use contractual covenants for these purposes, such as the right to demand early payment or require additional collateral.

To measure credit risk, we take into account the probability of default by the borrower, issuer or counterparty, the estimated amount of
exposure in the event of default, past losses from default and concentration of borrowers. Quantifying these risk components is part of the lending process, portfolio management and definition of limits.

The models used by us are independently validated, to ensure that the databases used in constructing the models are complete and accurate, and
that the method of estimating parameters is adequate, so as to reduce the modeling risk and keep the models calibrated, so that they reflect risk parameters more accurately.

In compliance with the principles of the CMN Resolution 3,721, our credit risk management structure and institutional policy are approved by our Board of
Directors and are applicable to all companies and subsidiaries in Brazil and abroad.

Please see “Note 32 – Risk and Capital
Management” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about credit risk.

Loan Approval Process

Extensions of credit are approved based on policies at the business unit level, determined in accordance with the criteria of each
department and our bank’s risk appetite. The decision to extend credit may be granted by means of a
pre-approval
 process or the traditional approval mechanism, which is applied on a client by client
basis. In both cases, decisions are made based on principles of credit quality such as credit rating supported by statistical models, percentage of income committed by/leverage of the client and credit restrictions determined by us and the market.

The business units prepare and maintain the policies and procedures of the credit cycle.

The credit granting process contemplates the use of credit protection services with the purpose of checking whether a client’s credit
history includes information that could be considered an obstacle to granting a loan, such as assets blocked by court orders, invalid tax payer identification numbers, prior or pending debt restructuring or renegotiation processes and checks not
honored due to insufficient funds.

The policy assessment process allows for the identification of potential risks and is intended to
ensure that credit decisions make sense from both an economic and a risk perspective.

195

Table of Contents

196

Table of Contents

Please see “Note 32 – Risk and Capital Management, 1.1 Collateral and policies for mitigating
credit risk”, to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about our risk mitigating instruments.

Operational Risk

Overview

Operational risk is defined as the possibility of losses arising from failure, deficiency or inadequacy of internal processes, people or
systems or from external events that affect the achievement of strategic, tactical or operational objectives. It includes legal risk associated with inadequacy or deficiency in contracts signed by us, as well as penalties due to noncompliance with
applicable laws and damages to third parties arising from the activities undertaken by us.

Internally, we classify these exposures to
risk within the following categories:

•   Internal fraud;

•   External fraud;

•   Labor claims and deficient security in the workplace;

197

Table of Contents

•   Inadequate practices related to clients, products and services;

•   Damage to our own physical assets or assets in use;

•   Interruption of our activities;

•   Failures in information technology systems; and

•   Failures in the performance, compliance with deadlines and management of our activities.

Operational risk management includes conduct risk, which is subject to mitigating procedures to assess product design (suitability) and
incentive models. The inspection area is responsible for fraud prevention. Irrespective of their origin, specific cases may be handled by risk committees and integrity and ethics committees.

Governance

We have a
governance process that is structured through forums and corporate bodies composed of senior management, which report to the Board of Directors, with well-defined roles and responsibilities in order to segregate the business and management and
control activities, ensuring independence between the areas and, consequently, well-balanced decisions with respect to risks. This is reflected in the risk management process carried out on a decentralized basis under the responsibility of the
business areas and by a centralized control carried out by the internal control compliance and operational risk department, by means of methodologies, training courses, certification and monitoring of the control environment in an independent way.

The managers of the executive areas use corporate methods constructed and made available by the internal control, compliance and
operational risk area. Among the methodologies and tools used are the self-evaluation and the map of our prioritized risks, the approval of processes, products, and system development products and projects, the monitoring of key risk indicators and
the database of operational losses, guaranteeing a single conceptual basis for managing processes, systems, projects and new products and services.

Within the governance of the risk management process, the consolidated reports on risk monitoring, controls, action plans and operational
losses are regularly presented to the business area executives.

Procedures and Key Indicators

Crisis Management and Business Continuity

The purpose of our Business Continuity Program is to protect our employees, ensure the continuity of the critical functions of our business
lines, safeguard revenue and sustain both a stable financial market in which we operate and the trust of our clients and strategic partners in providing our services and products.

Our Business Continuity Program is composed of procedures for relocating and/or recovering operations in response to a variety of interruption
levels and can be divided into four key elements:

•   Disaster Recovery Plan: focused on the recovery of our primary data center, ensuring the continuity of the
processing of critical systems within minimum pre-established periods;

•   Workplace Contingency Plan: employees responsible for carrying out critical business functions have alternative
facilities from which to perform their activities in the event the buildings in which they usually work become unavailable. There are approximately 187 contingency dedicated seats that are fully equipped to meet the needs of critical business units
with some technical dependency and the major part are performed from remote work (home office) in emergency situations;

•   Emergency Plan: procedures aimed at minimizing the effects of emergency situations that may impact our
facilities, with a preventive focus; and

•   Processes Contingency Plan: alternatives (Plan B) to carry out the critical processes identified in the business
areas.

In order to keep the continuity solutions aligned with the business requirements the program applies the
following tools to understand the institution:

•   Business Impact Analysis (BIA): evaluates the criticality and resumption requirement of the processes that
support the delivery of products and services. Through this analysis the businesses’ resumption priorities are defined; and

198

Table of Contents

•   Threats and Vulnerabilities Analysis (AVA): identification of threats to the locations where our buildings are
located.

In addition, we have a corporate-wide Crisis Management Program, which is aimed at managing business
interruption events, natural disasters, impacts of an environmental, social, and infrastructural/operational (including information technology) nature or of any other nature that jeopardize the image and reputation and/or viability of Itaú
Unibanco’s processes with its employees, clients, strategic partners and regulators, with timely and integrated responses.

Our
Corporate Business Continuity Policy is available on our Investor Relations website.

Liquidity risk

Overview

Liquidity risk
is defined as the likelihood that an institution will not be able to effectively honor its expected and unexpected obligations, current and future, including those from guarantees commitment, without affecting its daily operations or incurring
significant losses.

Governance

Our liquidity risk control is managed by an independent area and is responsible for determining the composition of our reserve, estimating cash
flow and exposure to liquidity risk over several time horizons, and monitoring the minimum limits of the risk appetite in countries in which we operate. All activities are subject to assessment by an independent validation, internal controls and
audit departments.

Procedures and Key Indicators

In accordance with the requirements of Central Bank regulations, we report monthly our Liquidity Risk Statements (DLR and DLP). Besides, the
following items are periodically produced and submitted to the senior management for monitoring and decision support:

•   Different scenarios for liquidity projections to decision support, also using stressed macroeconomics scenarios
and reversed stress according to risk appetite;

•   Contingency plans for potential crisis, which contains procedures ordered by levels of execution, considering
each countries’ characteristics;

•   Reports of risk indicators; and

•   Tracking, and monitoring of funding sources considering counterparty type, maturity and other aspects,
considering the risk appetite.

Market risk

Overview

Market risk is
the possibility of losses resulting from fluctuations in the market value of positions held by a financial institution, including the risk of operations subject to variations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, price indexes, equity and
commodity prices.

Governance

Our policies and general market risk management framework are in line with the principles of CMN Resolution No. 4,557, and its subsequent
amendments. These principles guide our approach to market risk control across our Itaú Unibanco Group.

Our market risk management
strategy is aimed at balancing corporate business goals, taking into account, among other factors:

199

Table of Contents

•   Political, economic and market conditions;

•   The profile of our portfolio; and

•   Capacity to act in specific markets.

The key principles underlying our market risk control structure are as follows:

•   Provide visibility and comfort for all senior management levels that market risks assumed must be in line with
our risk-return objectives;

•   Provide disciplined and informed dialogue on the overall market risk profile and its evolution over time;

•   Increase transparency as to how the business works to optimize results;

•   Provide early warning mechanisms to facilitate effective risk management, without obstructing the business
objectives; and

•   Monitor and avoid risk concentration.

Market risk is controlled by an area independent of the business units, which is responsible for the daily activities: (i) measuring and
assessing risk; (ii) monitoring stress scenarios, limits and alerts; (iii) applying, analyzing and stress testing scenarios; (iv) reporting risk to the individuals responsible in the business units, in compliance with our governance
procedures; (v) monitoring the measures needed to adjust positions and/or risk levels to make them viable; and (vi) supporting the secure launch of new financial products.

The CMN has regulations establishing the segregation of market risk exposure at a minimum into risk factors, such as: interest rates, exchange
rates, stocks and commodities. Brazilian inflation indexes are also treated as a group of risk factors and follow the same structure.

Our
structure of limits and alerts follows the Board of Directors guidelines, which are reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors on an annual basis. This structure extends to specific limits and is aimed at improving the process of risk
monitoring and understanding as well as preventing risk concentration. Limits and alerts are calibrated based on projections of future balance sheets, stockholders’ equity, liquidity, complexity and market volatility, as well as our risk
appetite.

Procedures and key indicators

In an attempt to fit the transactions into the defined limits, we hedge transactions with clients and proprietary positions, including
investments overseas. Derivatives are the most commonly used instruments for carrying out these hedging activities, and can be characterized as either accounting or economic hedge, both of which are governed by our institutional regulations.

Our market risk framework categorizes transactions as ‘Trading Book’ or ‘Banking Book’, in accordance with general
criteria established by specific regulation.

Our Trading Book is composed of all trades with financial and commodity instruments
(including derivatives) undertaken with the intention of trading.

Our Banking Book is predominantly characterized by portfolios
originated from the banking business and operations related to balance sheet management, and intended to be either held to maturity, or sold in the medium or long term.

Market risk management is based on the following key metrics:

•   Value at Risk (VaR): a statistical metric that quantifies the maximum potential economic loss expected in normal
market conditions, considering a defined holding period and confidence interval;

•   Losses in Stress Scenarios (Stress Testing): a simulation technique to evaluate the impact, in the assets,
liabilities and derivatives of the portfolio, of various risk factors in extreme market situations (based on prospective and historic scenarios);

•   Stop Loss: metrics that trigger a management review of positions, if the accumulated losses in a given period
reach specified levels;

200

Table of Contents

•   Concentration: cumulative exposure of certain financial instruments or risk factors calculated at market value
(mark to market); and

•   Stressed VaR: a statistical metric derived from VaR calculation, aimed at capturing the biggest risk in
simulations of the current portfolio, taking into consideration the observable returns in historical scenarios of extreme volatility.

In addition to the risk metrics described above, sensitivity and loss control measures are also analyzed. They include:

•   Gap Analysis: accumulated exposure of cash flows by risk factor, which are marked-to-market and positioned by settlement dates;

•   Sensitivity (DV01 – Delta Variation Risk): impact on the market value of cash flows when a one basis point
change is applied to current interest rates or on the index rates; and

•   Sensitivities to Various Risk Factors (Greek): partial derivatives of a portfolio of options on the prices of the
underlying assets, implied volatilities, interest rates and time.

Please see “Note 32 – Risk and Capital
Management” to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about market risk.

VaR – Consolidated Itaú Unibanco
Holding

Our consolidated VaR is calculated through the Historical Simulation. The assumption underlying Historical Simulation is that
the expected distribution for the possible gains and losses (P&Ls—Profit and Loss Statement) for a portfolio over a desired time horizon can be estimated based on the historical behavior of the returns of the market risk factors to which
this portfolio is exposed. For the VaR calculation of
non-linear
 instruments, a full
re-pricing
 is carried out (full valuation), without any potential simplifications in
the calculation.

The VaR is calculated with a confidence interval of 99%, a historical period of 4 years (1000 working days) and a
holding period that varies in accordance with the portfolio’s market liquidity, considering a minimum horizon of 10 working days. Also, under a conservative approach, the VaR is calculated on a daily basis with and without volatility weighting,
with the final VaR being the most restrictive value between the two methodologies.

As from the third quarter of 2016, we have been
calculating VaR for the regulatory portfolio (exposure of the trading portfolio and exposure to foreign currency and commodities of the banking portfolio) according to internal models approved by the Central Bank. The Consolidated Total VaR table
provides an analysis of our portfolio exposure to market risk.

Consolidaded VaR (Historical Simulation
approach) (1)   Average   Minimum   Maximum   December 31, 2020   Average   Minimum   Maximum   December 31, 2019
(In millions of R$)
Group of Risk Factor
Interest rate   614   292   1,961   431   816   652   960   813
Currencies   20   9   71   24   28   11   59   11
Equities   23   9   49   30   30   14   57   29
Commodities   2   1   4   1   2   1   5   1
Diversification effect (2)   (263   )   (576   )
Total   282   166   763   223   334   209   472   278

(1)   Determined in local currency and converted into Brazilian reais at the closing price on the reporting date.

(2)   Reduction of risk due to the combination of all risk factors.

As of December 31, 2020, our average global VaR (Historical Simulation) was R$282 million, or 0.2% of our consolidated
stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2020, compared to our average global VaR (Historical Simulation) of R$334 million as of December 31, 2019 or 0.2% of our consolidated stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2019.

VaR – Trading Book

201

Table of Contents

The table below presents risks arising from all positions with the intention of trading,
following the criteria defined above for our Trading Book. Our total average Trading Book VaR was R$42.0 million as of December 31, 2020, compared to R$44.0 million as of December 31, 2019 and to R$48.4 million as of
December 31, 2018.

Trading Book VaR (1)   Average   Minimum   Maximum   December 31, 2020   Average   Minimum   Maximum   December 31, 2019
(In millions of R$)
Group of Risk Factor
Interest rate   38.0   12.3   146.6   20.7   25.1   11.6   43.8   34.5
Currencies   14.5   6.0   61.4   14.5   21.1   6.4   48.4   6.4
Equities   19.7   5.8   61.4   15.4   21.8   6.0   47.0   14.4
Commodities   1.8   0.7   5.8   1.1   1.9   0.5   6.1   1.0
Diversification effect (2)   (8.2   )   (12.9   )
Total   42.0   20.9   138.2   43.5   44.0   25.2   84.9   43.4

(1)   Determined in local currency and converted into Brazilian reais at the closing price on the reporting date.

(2)   Reduction of risk due to the combination of all risk factors.

Other Risks

Business and Strategy Risk

We define the business and strategy risk as the risk of a negative impact on our financial results or capital as a consequence of
faulty strategic planning, making adverse strategic decisions, and our inability to implement the proper strategic plans and/or changes in its business environment.

We have implemented many mechanisms to ensure that both the business and the strategic decision-making processes follow proper governance
standards, have the active participation of executives and the Board of Directors, are based on market, macroeconomic and risk information and are aimed at optimizing the risk-return ratio. Decision-making and the establishment of business and
strategy guidelines, count on the full engagement of the Board of Directors, primarily through the Strategy Committee, and of the executives, through the Executive Committee. In order to handle risk adequately, we have governance and processes that
involve the Risks and Finance Area in business and strategy decisions, so as to ensure that risk is managed and decisions are sustainable in the long term. They are: (i) the qualifications and incentives of board members and executives;
(ii) the budgetary process; (iii) product assessment; (iv) the evaluation and prospecting of proprietary mergers and acquisitions; and (v) a risk appetite framework which, for example, restricts the concentration of credit and
exposure to specific and material risks.

Regulatory or Compliance Risk

We consider regulatory or compliance risk as the risk associated with any financial losses or damage to reputation, arising from
non-compliance
 with external or internal standards, commitments to regulators, codes of self-regulation, methods or codes of conduct related to our activities.

The regulatory or compliance risk is managed through a structured process aimed at identifying changes in the regulatory environment,
analyzing their impacts on the institution and monitoring the implementation of actions directed at adherence to the regulatory requirements.

This structured process includes the following actions: (i) to understand the changes in the regulatory environment; (ii) to monitor
regulatory trends; (iii) to care for the relationship between the institution and the regulator, self-regulatory bodies and the representation entity; (iv) to monitor action plans on regulatory or self-regulatory compliance; (v) to
coordinate a program to comply with significant norms, such as integrity and ethics; and (vi) to report regulatory issues in operational and compliance risk forums, according to the structure of committees established in internal policies.

Insurance Products, Pension Plan and Premium Bonds Risks

Products that compose portfolios of our insurance companies are related to life and elementary insurance, as well as pension plans and premium
bonds. Accordingly, we understand that the main risks inherent to these products are:

202

Table of Contents

•   Underwriting risk: the possibility of losses arising from insurance products, pension plans and premium bonds
that go against our expectations, directly or indirectly associated with technical and actuarial bases used for calculating premiums, contributions and technical provisions;

•   Market risk;

•   Credit risk;

•   Operational risk; and

•   Liquidity risk.

In line with domestic and international practices, we have a risk management structure which ensures that risks resulting from insurance,
pension and special savings products are properly assessed and reported to the relevant forums.

The process of risk management for
insurance, pensions and premium bond plans is independent and focuses on the special nature of each risk.

As part of the risk management
process, there is a governance structure where decisions may be escalated to
sub-committees,
 thus ensuring compliance with several regulatory and internal requirements, as well as balanced decisions relative
to risks.

Our objective is to ensure that assets serving as collateral for long-term products, with guaranteed minimum returns, are
managed according to the characteristics of the liabilities, so that they are actuarially balanced and solvent over the long term.

Model Risk

Model risk is the risk that arises from the incorrect development or maintenance of models, such as mistaken assumptions and inappropriate use
or application of the model.

The use of models can lead to decisions that are more accurate and therefore it is a major practice. The
models have supported strategic decisions in several contexts, such as credit approval, pricing, volatility curve estimation, calculation of capital, among others.

Due to the increasing use of models, driven by the application of new technologies and the expansion of data use, we have improved our
governance in relation to the development and monitoring, through the definition of guidelines, policies and procedures aimed at assuring the quality and mitigation of the associated risks.

Contagion Risk

Contagion Risk is the
possibility of losses occurring for entities that are part of the Itaú Unibanco Group as a result of financial support to unconsolidated entities, in a stressful situation, in the absence or in addition to the obligations provided for in the
contract.

We have a structure for risk management and control, a dedicated team and a policy that defines roles and responsibilities.
This structure covers (i) the identification of entities in relation to the potential generation of contagion risk, (ii) the assessment of risks in relationships, (iii) the monitoring, control and mitigation of contagion risk,
(iv) the assessment of impact on capital and liquidity and (v) reports.

It is part of the scope of contagion risk governance:
related party audiences, mainly composed of controllers, controlled and related entities (as defined in Central Bank Resolution No. 4,693/18), and investments in
non-consolidated
 entities, suppliers of
critical products and services, buyers and sellers of relevant assets, third parties with products distributed by us and third parties to whom we distribute products.

Cybersecurity Management and Processes

203

Table of Contents

We consider cybersecurity and information security at the highest strategic level. Our
Information Security department contributes to the security pillar by handling information and data. The purpose of this department is to safeguard our data and that of our clients and preserve the integrity, availability, and confidentiality of
information, thus mitigating financial losses and reputational risk. Our cybersecurity information strategy is designed to prevent security incidents, minimize unavailability, protect integrity and prevent data leakage. It is based on strict control
processes aimed at preventing, detecting, and immediately responding to attacks and attempts to hack our infrastructure, thus ensuring the security risk is managed and a safe foundation is built for an increasingly digital future.

The information security strategy has been developed considering the global scenario, regulations and best practices and standards, in order
to focus on establishing data protection for our customers. Our organization also maintains an effective security governance through executive committees and a set of information security policies.

Our infrastructure defenses are structured to protect our organization against external and internal attacks, with tools such as network
behavioral analysis, intrusion prevention systems (IPS), firewalls, antiviruses and antispam systems.

In order to reach this purpose, we
use the strategy of protecting an expanded perimeter. Under this concept, information must be protected regardless of where it is located, within the bank infrastructure, in a cloud provider, at a third party or a foreign unit. This strategy also
considers the entire information lifecycle, from collection to processing, transmission, storage, analysis and destruction.

We have a
specialized monitoring team, capable of identifying potential threats and establishing an active and effective defense (SOC — Security Operational Centers). Additionally, we have a cyber-intelligence team working to identify threats and manage
any necessary counter measures.

In order to be successful in our information security defense strategy, we consider the culture of
security as the basis to improve our information security program as well as the investment in awareness campaigns for employees and customers, so they remain prepared to identify and address inherent risks and threats.

Environmental and Social Risk

We
understand environmental and social risk as the possibility of losses resulting from events of environmental and/or social origin related to the activities developed by us. Environmental and social risk mitigation actions are carried out through
mapping of processes, risks and controls, monitoring of new rules related to the theme and recording of occurrences in internal systems. In addition to identification, the stages of prioritization, risk response, monitoring and reporting of the
assessed risks complement the management of this risk at Itaú Unibanco. Governance for climate-related risks is embedded into our existing governance structure and is complementary to governance of our sustainability strategy.

Our Sustainability and Social Environmental Responsibility Policy (PRSA) is available on our Investor Relations website.

Environmental and social risk management is carried out by our business areas (i.e. first line of defense), which carry out the management in
their daily activities, following the guidelines of PRSA, specific manuals and procedures, with specialized support and evaluation by dedicated technical teams located in the Corporate Compliance, Credit Risk and Modeling and Institutional Legal
teams, which act in an integrated manner in the management of all dimensions of Social and Environment Risk linked to the activities of the conglomerate. As an example of specific guidelines for the management of this risk, the governance for
approval of new products and services applicable to our business units include environmental and social risk in their assessment, ensuring compliance with this requirement in the process of approving new products as well as with specific
environmental and social processes applicable to our operations (equity, branch infrastructure and technology), suppliers, credit, investments and key subsidiaries. The second line of defense, in turn, is represented by Credit and Modeling Risk, by
Internal Controls, and by Compliance, through the Corporate Social and Environmental Risk Management, which supports and guarantees the governance of the activities of the first line. The third line of defense, composed of Internal Audit, acts
independently, carrying out the mapping and assessment of risk management, controls and governance. The governance of Environmental and Social Risk also counts on the Environmental and Social Committee, whose main role is to evaluate and deliberate
on institutional and strategic matters, as well as deliberate on products, operations, services, among others that involve the theme of environmental and social risk, including Climate Risk as climate change also poses relevant risks for the whole
financial system.

204

Table of Contents

Climate risks encompass both physical risks, arising from changes in climate patterns such as
rainfalls and temperature rise and extreme weather events; and transition risks arising from economic shifts occurred as a consequence of climate action such as carbon pricing, climate regulation, market risks and reputation risks. Given its
relevance, climate risk has become one of our main priorities: we have supported the TCFD since 2017 and we are committed to implementing its recommendations by 2022. With this objective we are strengthening our climate risk governance and strategy
and developing tools and methodologies to assess and manage climate risks.

Given the growing importance of an integrated approach for
environmental and social risk management, in 2019, we increased our governance creating a new structure under the Compliance department: the Corporate Environmental and Social Risk Management unit. Such area has the mandate to strengthen the
environmental and social risk governance, counsel on related matters, and to lead integrated reports to the high management.

We
consistently pursue to evolve in environmental and social risk management, always attentive to challenges including those arising from regulations and from a changing stakeholders’ expectations. We have assumed and incorporated several national
and international voluntary commitments into our governance aiming at continuously improving our integrated environmental and social risk management. We have committed with the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), Principles for Responsible
Banking (PRB), the Charter for Human Rights – Ethos, Equator Principles (EP), Global Impact, Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), Brazilian GHG Protocol Program, National Pact for Eradicating Slave Labor (
Pacto Nacional para
Erradicação do Trabalho Escravo
), among others. Our efforts to increase knowledge and governance of environmental and social risk have been recognized in Brazil and abroad, as shown by our recurring presence in sustainability
indexes, such as Dow Jones Sustainability Index, Euronext Vigeo – Emerging 70, and in B3’s Corporate Sustainability Index, as well as numerous prizes and recognitions which we have been awarded.

Country Risk

Country risk is the risk of
losses arising from noncompliance with obligations in connection with borrowers, issuers, counterparties or guarantors as a result of political, economic and social events or actions taken by the government of the country where the borrower, issuer,
counterparty or guarantor is located.

We have a specific structure for the management and control of country risk, consisting of
corporate bodies and dedicated teams, with responsibilities defined in policies. The institution has a structured and consistent procedure for managing and controlling country risk, including: (i) the establishment of country ratings;
(ii) the determination of limits for countries; and (iii) the monitoring of limits.

Reputational Risk

We understand reputational risk to be the risk arising from internal practices, risk events and external factors that may generate a negative
perception of us among clients, counterparties, stockholders, investors, supervisors and commercial partners, among others, which could affect the value of our brand and financial losses, in addition to adversely affecting our capability to maintain
our existing commercial relations, start new businesses and continue to have access to financing sources.

We believe that our reputation
is extremely important for achieving our long-term goals. As a result, we strive to align our speech with ethical and transparent practices and work, which is essential to raise the confidence of our stakeholders. Our reputation depends on our
strategy (vision, culture and skills) and derives from direct and indirect relationship between us and our stakeholders.

Since
reputational risk directly or indirectly permeates all of our operations and processes, we have governance procedures that are structured in a way to ensure that potential reputational risks be identified, analyzed and managed in the initial phases
of our operations and the analysis of new products.

The treatment given to reputational risk is structured by means of many processes and
internal initiatives, which, in turn, are supported by our internal policies. Their main purpose is to provide mechanisms for the monitoring, management, control and mitigation of the main reputational risks. Among those processes and internal
initiatives are (i) risk appetite statement; (ii) processes to prevent and combat the use of Itaú Unibanco in unlawful acts; (iii) crisis management processes and business continuity procedures; (iv) processes and
guidelines with respect to governmental and institutional relations;

205

Table of Contents

(v) corporate communication processes; (vi) brand management processes; (vii) ombudsman offices initiatives and commitment to customer satisfaction; and (viii) ethics and
corruption prevention guidelines.

Money Laundering Prevention

Financial institutions play a key role in preventing and fighting illicit acts, which includes money laundering, terrorism financing and fraud.

The challenge is to identify and prevent increasingly sophisticated operations that seek to conceal the source, ownership and transfer of
goods and assets, derived from illegal activities.

We have established a corporate policy to prevent our involvement in illicit
activities, protecting our reputation and image among employees, customers, strategic partners, suppliers, service providers, regulators and the society. Our policy is based on a governance structure focused on transparency, strict compliance with
the rules and regulations and cooperation with enforcement and judicial authorities. We also strive to conduct our business in accordance with the local and international best practices to prevent and fight illicit acts, through investments and
training our employees on an ongoing basis.

In order to comply with our corporate policy, we have established a program to prevent and
fight illicit acts, which includes the following pillars:

•   Policies and Procedures;

•   Customer Identification Process;

•   Know Your Customer—KYC;

•   Know Your Partner—KYP;

•   Know Your Supplier—KYS;

•   Know Your Employee—KYE;

•   Evaluation of New Products and Services;

•   Sanctions Compliance;

•   Monitoring, Selection and Analysis pf Suspicious Operations or Situations;

•   Reporting Suspicious Transactions to Regulators and Authorities; and

•   Training.

This program is applicable to us and our entities in Brazil and abroad. The oversight of prevention and detection of illegal activities is
carried out by the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, Compliance and Operational Risk Committees, Risks and Capital Management Committee and the Anti-Money Laundering Committee.

Please refer to “Item 4B. Business Overview – Supervision and Regulation – Anti-Money Laundering Regulations” for further
details about money laundering regulation.

Our Illicit Acts Prevention and Combat Corporate Policy is available on our Investors Relation
website.

Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs)

Our commitment to compliance with applicable law and to the adoption of the best practices for prevention and detection of money laundering
activity is also reflected in the identification, assessment and monitoring of PEPs, whether as individuals or entities.

As per our
policies, we conduct enhanced due diligence with respect to PEPs, in line with our risk-based approach. We require a higher level of approval prior to establishing any relationship with a PEP.

Please refer to “Item 4B. Business Overview – Supervision and Regulation – Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs)” for further
details about politically exposed persons.

206

Table of Contents

ITEM 12.   DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES

12A.   Debt Securities

Not applicable.

12B.   Warrants and Rights

Not applicable.

12C.   Other Securities

Not applicable.

12D.   American Depositary Shares

Our preferred shares have been traded on the NYSE in the form of ADSs (one ADS represents one preferred share) since February 21, 2002, in
compliance with NYSE and SEC requirements. These requirements include disclosure of financial statements in IFRS since 2011 and compliance with U.S. legal requirements, including the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Our ADSs are issued by BNY Mellon, as depositary, under a Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2001, as amended and restated as of
February 20, 2002 and as of April 3, 2009, and as of August 17, 2018, effective as of August 27, 2018 and post-effective as of January 13, 2020, among us, the depositary and the owners and beneficial owners of ADSs from time
to time. The depositary’s principal executive office is located at 240 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10286.

ADS holders have
no stockholder rights, which are governed by Brazilian Corporate Law. The depositary is the holder of the preferred shares underlying the ADSs. Holders of ADSs have ADS holder rights.

An investor may hold the ADSs directly, registered under his or her name, or indirectly, through a broker or another financial institution.
The holders of our ADSs do not have the same rights as our stockholders and the depositary and holders of corresponding shares in Brazil. The deposit agreement determines the rights and obligations of the ADS holders and is governed by New York law.

Please refer to Exhibit 2(c) to this annual report
 for further information relating to our American Depositary Shares.

In the event of a capital increase that maintains or increases
the proportion of our capital represented by preferred shares, the holders of ADSs, except as described above, have preemptive rights to subscribe only to newly issued preferred shares. In the event of a capital increase that reduces the proportion
of capital represented by preferred shares, the holders of ADSs, except as described above, have preemptive rights to preferred shares in proportion to their interests and to common shares only to the extent necessary to prevent dilution of their
interests.

Please refer to “Item 10E. Taxation” for further information.

Fees and Expenses

The following table
summarizes the fees and expenses payable by holders of ADSs to the depositary:

207

Table of Contents

Event   Fees
Issuance (1) or cancellation
for the purpose of withdrawal (2) of ADSs   US$5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) plus any additional fees charged by any governmental authorities
or other institutions for the execution and delivery or surrender of ADSs.
Any cash distribution   US$0.05 (or less) per ADS (or portion thereof).
Depositary services   US$0.05 (or less) per ADS (or portion thereof) per calendar year (in addition to cash distribution fee of US$0.05 per
ADS during the year).

(1) Including
issuances resulting from a distribution of preferred shares or rights or other property, substitution of underlying shares and transferring, splitting or grouping of receipts. (2) Including if the deposit agreement
terminates.

In addition, set below are other fees and expenses payable by holders of ADSs:

•   Registration fees: registration of transfers of preferred shares on our preferred share register to or from the
name of the depositary or its agent when the holder deposit or withdraws preferred shares.

•   Distribution of securities by the depositary to ADS holders fee: equivalent to the fee that would be payable if
securities distributed to the holder thereof had been preferred shares and the shares had been deposited for issuance of ADSs.

•   Foreign currency conversion expenses: expenses of the depositary in converting foreign currency to U.S. dollars.

•   Depositary expenses: cable, telex and facsimile transmissions (when expressly provided in the Deposit Agreement).

Moreover, taxes and other governmental charges which the depositary or the custodian has to pay on any ADR or preferred
share underlying an ADS (for example, stock transfer taxes, stamp duty or withholding taxes) would be payable by holders of ADSs. Any other charges incurred by the depositary or its agents for servicing the deposited securities are not currently
assessed in the Brazilian market.

Payment of Taxes

The depositary may deduct the amount of any taxes owed from any payments to investors. It may also sell deposited securities, by public or
private sale, to pay any taxes owed. Investors will remain liable if the proceeds of the sale are not sufficient to pay the taxes. If the depositary sells deposited securities, it will, if appropriate, reduce the number of ADSs to reflect the sale
and pay to investors any proceeds or send to investors any property remaining after it has paid the taxes.

Reimbursement of Fees

BNY Mellon, as depositary, has agreed to reimburse us for expenses we incur that are related to establishment and maintenance of the ADS
program. The depositary has agreed to reimburse us for our continuing annual stock exchange listing fees. The depositary has also agreed to pay the standard

out-of-pocket
 maintenance costs for the ADSs, which consist of the expenses of postage and envelopes for mailing annual and interim financial reports, printing and
distributing dividend checks, electronic filing of United States federal tax information, mailing required tax forms, stationery, facsimile, and telephone calls, as well as to reimburse us annually for certain investor relationship programs or
special investor relations promotional activities. In certain instances, the depositary has agreed to provide additional payments to us based on applicable performance indicators relating to the ADS facility. There are limits on the amount of
expenses for which the depositary will reimburse us, but the amount of reimbursement available to us is not necessarily tied to the amount of fees the depositary collects from investors.

The depositary collects its fees for delivery and surrender of ADSs directly from investors, depositing shares or surrendering ADSs in case of
exercise of withdrawal rights or from intermediaries acting for them. The depositary collects fees for making distributions to investors by deducting those fees from the amounts distributed or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay
the fees. The depositary may collect its annual fee for depositary services by deducting from cash distributions, by directly billing investors or by charging the book-entry system accounts of participants acting for them. The depositary may
generally refuse to provide services subject to fees until its fees for those services have been paid.

208

Table of Contents

In 2020, we received from the depositary US$35.26 million for promoting and encouraging the
ADR program in the market,
out-of-pocket
 maintenance costs for the ADSs (as described above), any applicable performance indicators relating to the ADS facility,
underwriting fees and legal fees.

ADS holders’ Payment of Dividends

Preferred shares underlying ADSs are kept in Brazil by the custodian, Itaú Unibanco, which is the owner recorded in the register service
of our preferred shares. The depositary of our ADS program is BNY Mellon. The payments of dividends and distributions in cash for our preferred shares underlying the ADSs are made directly to the depositary bank abroad, which is responsible for
passing them on to the stockholders within an average period of 10 days after payment is made in Brazil. The amount received by the ADS holder may be reduced if we, the custodian or the depositary are required to retain an amount related to taxes
and other government charges.

Please see “Item 8A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information—Stockholders’
Payment” for details on our dividend policy.

PART II

ITEM 13.   DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES

None.

ITEM 14.   MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

None.

ITEM 15.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO, and our CFO, of the effectiveness of our “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e)
 and
15d-15(e))
 as required by paragraph (b) of the Exchange Act Rules
13a-15
 or

15d-15,
 as of December 31, 2020.

A control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met. Therefore, our management does not expect that the controls will prevent all errors and all fraud.

Based upon the evaluation performed, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to us and our consolidated subsidiaries is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms
and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officers and principal financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules
13a-15(f)
 and
15d-15(f)
 under the Exchange Act. Our internal control was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with the IFRS issued by the IASB.

209

Table of Contents

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
all or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or a decline in the level of compliance with policies or
procedures may occur. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in “Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the COSO. Based on its evaluation and those criteria, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2020.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
Auditores Independentes, an independent registered public accounting firm.

Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The report of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes, our independent registered public accounting firm, dated April 30,
2021, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020 is presented with our consolidated financial statements.

Please refer to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details about our independent auditor’s report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

In connection with the evaluation required by the Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(d),
 our management,
including our CEO and CFO, concluded that the changes that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2020 have not materially affected, and are not reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 16.   [RESERVED]

16A.   Audit Committee Financial Expert

As of December 31, 2020, our Board of Directors had designated Mr. Diego Fresco Gutierrez as our audit committee financial expert
that meets the requirements set forth by the SEC, the NYSE and the Central Bank. On April 29, 2021 at the Meeting of the Board of Directors, Ricardo Baldin was elected as a member of the Audit Committee and designated as our audit committee
financial expert. This election is subject to the approval of the Central Bank. Our audit committee financial expert along with the other members of our audit committee are independent pursuant to CMN Resolution No. 3,198, which requires that
the members not be, or have been in the last year, an officer or employee of the company or its affiliates or an employee with managerial responsibilities in the internal audit division of the financial institution. Other members of our audit
committee are financially literate and we believe the skills, experience and education of our audit committee members qualify them to carry out all of their duties as members of the audit committee, including overseeing the preparation of our IFRS
financial statements. In addition, our audit committee has the ability to retain independent accountants, financial advisors or other consultants, advisors and experts whenever it deems appropriate. For more information on our Audit Committee, see
“Item 6A. Board Practices—Audit Committee.”

16B.   Code of Ethics

We consider ethics to be an essential value for our reputation and longevity. We, including all of our employees, are subject to our Code of
Ethics. We report each year under this Item 16B of our annual report on Form
20-F
 any waivers of the Code of Ethics, in favor of our principal executive officer, chief financial officer, principal accounting
officer and persons performing similar functions. In 2020 we did not grant any such waivers. The Code of Ethics governs all relations between companies in our corporate group and their stakeholders (shareholders, clients, employees, suppliers,
service providers, governments, communities and society).

A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on our Investors Relations website.

210

Table of Contents

16C.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Pre-approval
 of Policies and Procedures

The Audit Committee’s responsibilities include establishing policies and procedures for services that can be provided by our external
auditors. On an annual basis, the Audit Committee issues (i) the list of services that cannot be provided by our external auditors, due to the fact that such services could, eventually, affect their independence, (ii) the list of
pre-approved
 services, and (iii) those services that need to be
pre-approved
 by the Audit Committee.

Fees and Services of the Principal Auditor

The following table sets forth the total amount charged by PwC by category for services provided in the years ended December 31, 2020 and
2019:

(In thousands of R$)
Fees   2020   % Approved by the Audit Committee   2019   % Approved by the Audit Committee
Audit Fees   66,631   100.0   62,125   100.0
Audit-Related Fees   4,896   100.0   3,635   100.0
Tax Fees   541   100.0   635   100.0
All Other Fees   88   100.0   285   100.0
Total   72,156   66,680

Audit fees: For the audit of our consolidated financial statements, the review of our quarterly financial statements, as well as the audit and review of financial
statements of our subsidiaries, services relating to issuing comfort letters in securities offerings, issuance of reports required by regulatory bodies and audit of internal control over financial reporting in connection with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requirements.   Audit-related
fees: For independent assurance on system implementation controls by a
subsidiary; on internal controls, including certain services provided to customers; on our sustainability report, MD&A, Integrated Report and Consolidated Annual Report; on certain agreements signed with regulatory authorities and on compliance
with financial covenants. Independent opinions on the book value of assets / liabilities transferred on internal reorganizations. Agreed upon procedures on the balance sheets and on profit share calculation on certain businesses.
Tax fees: For review of tax authorities’ inquiries, review of the calculation and payments of taxes and review of compliance with certain tax regulations.   Other fees: For training, use of surveys and technical materials, reviews on assessment of new
accounting standards, review of valuation methods for certain derivatives and independent review of the financial and prudential information reporting processes.

211

Table of Contents

16D.   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees

Under the audit committee rules of the NYSE and the SEC, listed companies must comply with Rule
10A-3

of the Exchange Act (Listing Standards Relating to Audit Committees). Rule
10A-3
 requires that listed companies establish an audit committee composed of members of the Board of Directors that meets specified
requirements or designate and empower a board of auditors or similar body to perform the role of the audit committee in reliance on the general exemption for audit committees of foreign private issuers set forth in Rule
10A-3(c)(3)
 of the Exchange Act.

In accordance with Central Bank regulations, we have established a
body similar to the audit committee of the board of directors of a U.S. company, which we are required to call an “audit committee.” All the members of our Audit Committee are independent in accordance with the criteria established by the
Central Bank. For more information, see “Item 6A. Board Practices — Director and Senior Management – Statutory Bodies — Audit Committee.”

Our Audit Committee, to the extent permitted under Brazilian law, performs all the functions required of an audit committee under Rule
10A-3.
 As required by Brazilian law, our Board of Directors and Audit Committee are separate corporate bodies. Only one of the six members of our Audit Committee is also member of our Board of Directors. In
addition, under Brazilian law, the function of hiring independent auditors is a power reserved exclusively for a company’s Board of Directors. Therefore, our Board of Directors acts as our audit committee, as permitted under Rule
10A-3(c)(3)(v)
 of the Exchange Act for the purpose of the appointment of our independent auditors.

Except in these respects, our Audit Committee is comparable to, and performs the functions of, an audit committee of the Board of Directors of
a U.S. company. We believe that our Audit Committee is able to act independently in performing the responsibilities of an audit committee under Sarbanes-Oxley, satisfies the other requirements of the exemption of Rule

10A-3(c)(3)
 and therefore is in compliance with Rule
10A-3
 of the Exchange Act.

16E.   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

In conformity with best corporate governance practices, on November 18, 2004, we started to voluntarily disclose our Policy for Trading
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. Securities available on our Investor Relations website. We disclose to the market the transactions carried out with our own shares by our Treasury department through “Announcements to the Market” on a
monthly basis, as well as the other disclosure requirements imposed by the Brazilian securities regulation and the SEC.

The repurchase
program initially effective in 2020 was approved by our Board of Directors on May 30, 2019 with limits of 15.0 million common shares and 75.0 million preferred shares, without reducing our capital stock.

The share repurchase program has the following potential objectives: (i) to maximize the allocation of capital through the efficient
application of available funds; (ii) to provide for the delivery of shares to the employees and management of our company and those of its subsidiaries within the scope of the compensation models and the long-term incentive plans; and
(iii) to use the repurchased shares in the event of business opportunities arising in the future. All repurchases shall be made on the open market through stock exchanges.

212

Table of Contents

Period (l)   (a) Total number of preferred shares purchased (2)   (b) Average price paid per preferred share (2)(3)   (c) Total number of preferred shares purchased as part of publicly announced
plans or
programs (2)   (d) Maximum number of preferred shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs   (e) Total number of common shares purchased   (f) Average price paid
per common share   (g)
Total number of common shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs   (h) Maximum number of common shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs
01/02 to 01/31/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
02/03 to 02/28/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
03/02 to 03/31/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
04/01 to 04/30/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
05/02 to 05/29/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
06/01 to 06/30/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
07/01 to 07/31/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
08/03 to 08/31/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
09/01 to 09/30/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
10/01 to 10/30/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
11/03 to 11/30/2020   —   —   —   75,000,000   —   —   —   15,000,000
12/01 to 12/31/2020   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —

(1)   On May 30, 2019 our Board of Directors approved the purchase of up to 15.0 million common shares and
75.0 million preferred shares, ending on November 30, 2020.

(2)   Includes brokerage costs.

16F.   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant

Not applicable.

16G.   Corporate Governance

Our ADSs are registered on the NYSE in the US as a foreign private issuer. As a result, NYSE allows us to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements established by applicable Brazilian legislation, rather than those set forth in the NYSE corporate governance listing rules applicable to US companies with securities traded on that exchange.

The following is a description of the main differences between our corporate governance practices and those required for US publicly traded
companies.

NYSE REQUIREMENTS   OUR PRACTICES
Independent members of the Board of
Directors
Companies listed on the NYSE must have a majority of independent members on their Board
of Directors (as defined in applicable rules). However, controlled listed companies (companies with more than 50% of capital held by an individual, group or another company), do not need to comply with this requirement and are exempt from the
rule.   Even though we fall under the exception to the NYSE’s rule and there is no similar requirement under Brazilian
law, our Board of Directors has six directors considered independent pursuant to the criteria established in our Corporate Governance Policy. The criteria we use to determine independence are also different from those adopted by the NYSE.
Executive Sessions
Non-executive members of the Board of Directors
should meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without the presence of directors who are also officers of the company   All members of our Board of Directors are currently non-executive.
Nomination and Corporate Governance
Committee
Companies listed on the NYSE should have a nomination and corporate governance committee
entirely comprised of independent directors and governed by charters on the purposes and responsibilities of such committee. However, controlled listed companies of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another
company, such as in our case, are not required to comply with such requirement.   We have a Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee responsible for encouraging and overseeing the discussion of
the company’s governance-related matters. All members of our Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee are non-executive, and two of them are independent, in accordance with our Corporate Governance
Policy.

213

Table of Contents

Compensation Committee
Companies listed on the NYSE have a compensation committee composed of independent
directors and governed by charters on the purposes and responsibilities of such committee. However, controlled listed companies of which more than 50% of voting capital is held by an individual, a group or another company, such as in our case, are
not required to comply with such requirements.   CVM rules do not require publicly-listed companies to have a compensation committee. Nonetheless, Brazilian banking
regulation requires that we have a compensation committee. In compliance with this regulation, our Compensation Committee reports to the Board of Directors and the members of this committee are not required to be independent. However, currently two
out of five members of our Compensation Committee are considered independent under our Corporate Governance Policy, and one is not a member of management.
Audit Committee
Companies listed on the NYSE are required to have an audit committee that: (i) is
composed of at least three independent members who are financially literate; (ii) complies with SEC rules on audit committees of companies registered with the NYSE; (iii) has at least one member who has accounting of financial management
expertise; and (iv) is governed by a charter that expressly sets out the purpose and responsibilities of the committee and establishes annual performance evaluations.   CMN regulates independent audit services rendered to financial institutions and requires the establishment of an audit
committee composed of at least three independent members, in accordance with the independence criteria set forth in these rules. Our Audit Committee, that was established on April 28, 2004, meets the applicable Brazilian legal requirements, is
elected annually by the Board of Directors and composed of professionals with proven technical qualifications compatible with this Committee’s responsibilities. Under SEC rules, we are not required to have an Audit Committee established or
operating in accordance with NYSE rules if we meet some specified SEC requirements. We believe that our Audit Committee meets the requirements of Rule 10A-3(c)(3) under the Exchange Act and is able to act
independently when performing its duties. To the extent permitted by Brazilian legislation, our Audit Committee performs all functions required to be performed by an audit committee by Rule 10A-3 under the
Exchange Act.
Stockholders’ approval of
management members’ compensation and stock options plans
Stockholders have the opportunity to vote on all stock-based compensation plans and
significant amendments thereto, as well as on significant increases in the number of shares available to the plan, with a few exceptions   Brazilian legislation sets forth a similar requirement, as it establishes the need for approval to the aggregate
annual compensation of management members (including shares) at the General Stockholders’ Meeting.
Corporate Governance Code
Companies listed on NYSE are required to adopt and disclose their corporate governance
guidance.   We have a Corporate
Governance Policy that consolidates the corporate governance principles and practices we adopt. We believe these principles and practices, consistent with Brazilian legislation, are compatible with the guidelines established by the NYSE. We have
adopted stricter rules than those required by Brazilian legislation, as we have voluntarily adhered to B3’s Level 1 of Corporate Governance and have granted tag-along rights to all stockholders,
regardless of their voting rights. In 2020, we disclosed the Brazilian Corporate Governance Code, in accordance with CVM Instruction No. 480/09, and we have complied or partially complied with 96.29% of the 54 practices recommended.
Code of Ethics
NYSE rules require that listed companies adopt and disclose a code of business conduct
and ethics for their directors, officers and employees. NYSE also requires that listed companies promptly disclose any waiver of the provisions of the code of ethics for directors or executive officers.   Brazilian legislation has no similar requirement. However, we have a Code of Ethics that, among other matters, governs
the conduct of all members of the Board of Directors, officers and employees of the Itaú Unibanco Group, detailing the principles that guide our attitudes and practices.

214

Table of Contents

Internal Audit
NYSE rules require that listed companies have an internal audit function to provide
management and the Audit Committee with ongoing assessments of the company’s risk management processes and internal control systems.   Brazilian banking
legislation establishes a similar requirement, since it requires that financial institution have an internal audit function compatible with the nature, size, complexity, structure, risk profile and business model of the financial institution, that
it is undertaken by a specific unit directly reporting to the Board of Directors or by an independent auditor (provided that such auditor is not responsible for auditing the financial statements of the institution or any other activity that may
imply a conflict of interest). Our internal audit function is responsible for
assessing the sufficiency and effectiveness of our operating and management controls, as well as the adequacy of our risk identification and management process. In addition, our internal audit function is independent from management in carrying out
its activities and has access to all places, executives and information necessary to carry out its duties. The internal audit function administratively reports to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and its activities are supervised by the Audit
Committee.

16H.   Mine Safety Disclosure

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 17.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

We have responded to Item 18 in lieu of responding to this item.

ITEM 18.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our audited consolidated financial statements, together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are filed as part of
this annual report.

Glossary

A

•   ABECS – Associação Brasileira de Empresas de Cartões de Crédito e
Serviços (Brazilian Association of Credit Cards and Services Companies)

•   ABRASCA – Associação Brasileira de Companhias Abertas (Brazilian Association of Public
Companies)

•   ADS – American Depositary Shares

•   ANBIMA – Associação Brasileira das Entidades dos Mercados Financeiro e de Capitais (Brazilian
Financial and Capital Markets Association)

•   ANS – Agência Nacional de Saúde Suplementar (National Regulatory Agency for Private Health
Insurance and Plans)

•   APIMEC – Associação dos Analistas e Profissionais de Investimento do Mercado de Capitais
(Association of Capital Markets Analysts and Investment Professionals)

215

Table of Contents

•   ATM – Automated Teller Machine

B

•   B3 S.A. – Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão (Brazilian Exchange and OTC, formerly BM&FBovespa – Bolsa de
Valores, Mercadorias e Futuros S.A.)

•   Banco Itaú Argentina – Banco Itaú Argentina S.A

•   Banco Itaú Chile – Banco Itaú Chile S.A.

•   Banco Itaú Paraguay – Banco Itaú Paraguay S.A

•   Banco Itaú Uruguay – Banco Itaú Uruguay S.A

•   BCBS – Basel Committee on Banking Supervision

•   BIS – Bank for International Settlements

•   BNDES – Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social (Brazilian Development Bank)

•   BNY Mellon – The Bank of New York Mellon

•   Brazilian Corporate Law – Law No. 6,404, of December 15, 1976, as amended (including by Law
No. 11,638)

•   Brazilian Payment System – encompasses the institutions, the systems and the procedures related to the
transfer of funds and other financial assets, among the diverse economic agents of the Brazilian market, or that involve the processing, clearing and settlement of payments in any of its forms.

C

•   CADE – Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Econômica (Administrative Council for Economic
Defense)

•   CCR – Counterparty Credit Risk

•   CDC – Código de Defesa do Consumidor (Consumer Protection Code)

•   CDI – Certificado de Depósito Interbancário (Interbank Deposit Certificate)

•   CEDEAR – Argentine Certificates of Deposits

•   Central Bank – Banco Central do Brasil (Brazilian Central Bank)

•   CFC – Conselho Federal de Contabilidade (Federal Accounting Council)

•   CGRC – Risk and Capital Management Committee

•   Cia E. Johnston – Companhia E. Johnston de Participações

•   CMN – Conselho Monetário Nacional (National Monetary Council)

•   CNSEG – Confederação Nacional das Empresas de Seguros Gerais, Previdência Privada e
Vida, Saúde Suplementar e Capitalização (National Council of General Insurance, Private Pension and Life, Supplementary Health and Capitalization Companies)

•   CNSP – Conselho Nacional de Seguros Privados (National Council of Private Insurance)

•   COAF – Conselho de Controle de Atividades Financeiras (Financial Activities Control Council)

•   COSO – Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission

•   COFINS – Contribuição Para o Financiamento da Seguridade Social (Social Security
Financing Contribution)

•   CONSIF – Confederação Nacional do Sistema Financeiro (National Association of the Financial
System)

•   CSB – Client Service Branches

•   CSC – Superior Credit Committee

•   CSCCA – Superior Wholesale Credit and Collection Committee

•   CSCCV – Superior Retail Credit and Collection Committee

•   CSLL – Contribuição Social Sobre o Lucro Líquido (Social Contribution on Profits)

•   CSP – Superior Products Committee

•   CSRML – Superior Market Risk and Liquidity Committee

•   CSRO – Superior Operational Risk Management Committee

•   CTAM – Model Assessment Technical Committee

•   CVM – Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission)

D

•   DJSI – Dow Jones Sustainability Index

F

•   FATF – Financial Action Task Force

•   FEBRABAN – Federação Brasileira de Bancos (Brazilian Federation of Banks)

•   Fed – U.S. Federal Reserve System

•   FGC – Fundo Garantidor de Crédito (Credit Insurance Fund)

•   FINAME – Agência Especial de Financiamento Industrial (Special Agency for Industrial Financing)

I

•   IASB – International Accounting Standards Board

•   IBRACON – Instituto de Auditores Independentes do Brasil (Institute of Independent Auditors of
Brazil)

216

Table of Contents

•   IBRI – Instituto Brasileiro de Relações com Investidores (Brazilian Investor Relations
Institute)

•   ICAAP – Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process

•   IFRS – International Financial Reporting Standards

•   IOF – Imposto Sobre Operações Financeiras (Tax on Financial Transactions)

•   IRPJ – Imposto de Renda da Pessoa Jurídica (Corporate Income Tax)

•   IRS – U.S. Internal Revenue Service

•   ISE – Índice de Sustentabilidade Empresarial (Corporate Sustainability Index)

•   ISS – Imposto sobre Serviços (Service Tax)

•   Itaú BBA Colombia – Itaú BBA Colombia S.A. Corporación Financiera

•   Itau BBA International – Itau BBA International plc

•   Itaucard – Banco Itaucard S.A.

•   Itaú Europe – Itaú BBA Europe S.A.

•   Itaú Holding Financeira – Itaú Holding Financeira S.A.

•   Itaú Unibanco Group – Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and all its subsidiaries and affiliates

•   Itaúsa – Itaú Investimentos S.A.

•   IUPAR – Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A.

K

•   KYC – Know Your Customer

•   KYP – Know Your Partner

•   KYS – Know Your Supplier

•   KYE – Know Your Employee

L

•   LCR – Liquidity Coverage Ratio

N

•   NSFR – Net Stable Funding Ratio

•   NYSE – New York Stock Exchange

P

•   PEP – Politically Exposed Person

•   PFIC – Passive Foreign Investment Company

•   PIS – Programa de Integração Social (Social Integration Program)

•   PwC – PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes

R

•   RAET – Regime Especial de Administração Temporária (Temporary Special Administration
Regime)

S

•   SEC – U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

•   SELIC – Sistema Especial de Liquidação e Custódia (Special Clearing and Settlement
System)

•   SOX – The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

•   STF – Superior Tribunal Federal (Brazilian Federal Supreme Court)

•   STJ – Superior Tribunal de Justiça (Brazilian Superior Court of Justice)

•   SUSEP – Superintendência de Seguros Privados (Superintendency of Private Insurance)

T

•   TR – Taxa Referencial (Brazilian Reference Interest Rate)

U

•   Unibanco – União de Bancos Brasileiros S.A.

V

•   VaR – Value at Risk

ITEM 19.   EXHIBITS

No.   Description
1   Bylaws of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. (unofficial English translation) (incorporated by reference to our Report on Form 6-K filed on August
 7, 2018 (Commission File No. 001-15276)).
2(a)   Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement among the Registrant, The Bank of New York, as depositary, and the Holders from time to time of American
 Depositary Shares issued thereunder, including the form of American Depositary Receipts (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form F-6 Post-effective amendments for immediately effective filing January 6, 2020 (Commission File
No. 333- 191758)).
2(b)(i)   The total amount of long-term debt securities of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and our subsidiaries under any one instrument does not exceed 10.0% of our total assets on a consolidated basis. We agree to furnish copies of
instruments defining the rights of certain holders of long-term debt to the SEC upon request.
2(c)   Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
4 (a)   Shareholders’ Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2009, between Itaúsa—Investimentos Itaú S.A. and the Moreira Salles family
 (unofficial English translation) (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 20-F/A filed on May 17, 2010 (Commission File No. 001-15276)).
4(b)   Plan for Granting Stock Options (incorporated by reference to our Report on Form 6-K furnished to the Commission on May 12, 2015 (Commission
 File No.: 001-15276)).
4(c)   Stock Grant Plan (incorporated by reference to our Report on Form 6-K furnished to the Commission on May 02, 2017 (Commission File No.: 001-15276)).
8.1   List of subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to “Note 2.4—Summary of Main Accounting Practices, item a) Consolidation, I. Subsidiaries” to our audited Consolidated financial statements included
 in this Annual Report on Form 20-F).
11.1   Code of Ethics (unofficial English translation) (incorporated by reference to our Report on Form 6-K filed with the Commission on February 11,
2020 (Commission File No.: 001-15276)).
12.1   Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
12.2   Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
13   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
101.INS   XBRL Instance Document.
101.SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
101.PRE   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Extension Linkbase Document.

217

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
20-F
 and that it has duly
caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.
By:   /s/ Milton Maluhy Filho
Name:   Milton Maluhy Filho
Title:   Chief Executive Officer
By:   / s/    Alexsandro Broedel Lopes
Name:   Alexsandro Broedel Lopes
Title:   Chief Financial Officer

Dated: April 30, 2021

Table of Contents

Table of Contents

Report of independent registered public accounting firm   F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheet   F-6
Consolidated Statement of Income   F-8
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   F-9
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s
Equity   F-10
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   F-11
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   F-12

F-1

Table of Contents

Report of independent registered public accounting firm

To the

Board of Directors and Stockholders

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.

Opinions
on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in
Internal Control

- Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting,
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

PricewaterhouseCoopers, Av. Francisco Matarazzo 1400, Torre Torino, São Paulo, SP, Brasil,
05001-903,
 Caixa
Postal 61005, T: +55 (11) 3674 2000, www.pwc.com/br

F-2

Table of Contents

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our
audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters
communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Measurement of the provision for expected credit loss of loan and lease operations

As described in Notes 2.3(f), 10 and 33(a) to the consolidated financial statements, the measurement of the provision for expected credit loss of loan and
lease operations involves management’s judgment in the application of methodologies and assumptions, especially during 2020 as a result of the
COVID-19

F-3

Table of Contents

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.

pandemic, including term to maturity, prospective information and probability weighted loss scenarios. At December 31, 2020, the provision for expected credit loss of loan and lease
operations was BRL 48,322 million on a total loan and lease operations portfolio of BRL 714,104 million.

The principal considerations for our
determination that performing procedures relating to the measurement of the provision for expected credit loss of loan and lease operations is a critical audit matter are (i) the was significant judgment used by management in determining the
appropriate methodologies and assumptions used, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures relating to the methodologies and assumptions used, (ii) the significant judgment in evaluating
audit evidence obtained relating to the methodologies and assumptions; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included: i) testing the effectiveness of controls related to management’s measurement of the provision for expected credit loss of loan and lease operations, which included controls over the methodologies
and assumptions used; ii) testing of the reasonableness of significant assumptions and data inputs used in the calculation of the provision for expected loss, including management´s approval and validation process; and iii) evaluating the
disclosures in the financial statements in relation to the measurement of the provision for expected credit loss.

Valuation of financial assets not
actively traded in the market

As described in Notes 2.3(b), and 28 to the consolidated financial statements, the valuation of financial assets not
actively traded in the market is calculated using valuation techniques that use assumptions such as historical data, information on similar transactions and pricing techniques derived from market information or internally developed models when no
pricing information in active market is available. At December 31, 2020, the Company had total financial assets measured at fair value of BRL 499,013 million, of which BRL 6,769 million is represented by Level 2 shares and
Level 3 real estate receivables certificates and debentures not actively traded in the market.

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to these financial assets not actively traded in the market is a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments applied by management in choosing the pricing techniques and the assumptions to determine the
fair value of not actively traded financial assets. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, effort and subjectivity in performing procedures, including the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included: i) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation techniques used for these financial assets at fair value not actively traded in the market and the significant assumptions used by management, by
comparing them with independent methodologies and assumptions; ii) testing the effectiveness of controls in relation to valuation techniques, including the relevant inputs and data to these controls; iii) calculating with the assistance of
professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, an independent estimate of fair value for a sample of certain financial instruments and comparing management’s estimate with the

F-4

Table of Contents

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.

independently developed estimate of fair value; iv) evaluating disclosures in the financial statements in relation to the valuation of financial assets.

Provision for litigations

As described in Notes
2.3(j), 2.4.(n) and 29 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes liabilities in the consolidated financial statements for the resolution of pending litigation when management determines that a loss is probable, and the amount
of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company’s consolidated provisions for pending litigations related to civil, labor, tax and legal obligations was BRL 18,336 million at December 31, 2020. No liability for an estimated loss
is accrued in the consolidated financial statements for unfavorable outcomes when, after assessing the information available, (i) management concludes that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any of the pending litigation; or
(ii) management is unable to estimate the loss or range of loss for any of the pending matters. The Company also discloses the contingency in circumstances where management concludes no loss is probable or reasonably estimable but it is
reasonably possible that a loss may be incurred.

The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to the provision
for litigations is a critical audit matter is there was significant judgment by management when assessing the likelihood of a loss being incurred and when determining whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss for each claim can be
made, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and effort in evaluating management’s assessment of the loss contingencies associated with litigation claims.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included testing the design and the effectiveness of controls relating to identifying, assessing, monitoring, measuring, recording, disclosing the provision for litigations, and the completeness and the
accuracy of the data used. Our procedures also included testing the models used to quantify judicial proceedings of civil and labor natures considered on a collective basis and performing, on a sample basis, external confirmation procedures with
lawyers responsible for the proceedings.

/s / PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes

São Paulo, Brazil

April 30, 2021

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2001.

F-5

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Balance Sheet

(In millions of Reais)

Assets   Note   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Cash   46,224   30,367
Financial Assets   1,851,322   1,501,481
At Amortized Cost   1,275,799   1,101,892
Compulsory deposits in the Central Bank of Brazil   90,059   91,248
Interbank deposits   4   55,685   34,583
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   4   239,943   198,428
Securities   9   129,804   133,119
Loan and lease operations   10   714,104   585,791
Other financial assets   18a   93,255   94,752
(-) Provision for Expected Loss   4, 9 and 10   (47,051   )   (36,029   )
At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income   109,942   76,660
Securities   8   109,942   76,660
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   465,581   322,929
Securities   5   389,071   281,075
Derivatives   6 and 7   76,504   41,854
Other financial assets   18a   6   —
Investments in associates and joint ventures   11   15,570   15,097
Fixed assets, net   13   6,937   7,166
Goodwill and Intangible assets, net   14   17,330   19,719
Tax assets   66,095   48,960
Income tax and social contribution - current   3,547   1,644
Income tax and social contribution - deferred   24b   56,583   38,914
Other   5,965   8,402
Other assets   18a   15,773   14,691
Total assets   2,019,251   1,637,481

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-6

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Balance Sheet

(In millions of Reais)

Liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Note   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Financial Liabilities   1,579,686   1,211,999
At Amortized Cost   1,495,641   1,159,830
Deposits   15   809,010   507,060
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   17a   273,364   256,583
Interbank market funds   17b   156,035   174,862
Institutional market funds   17c   138,308   104,244
Other financial liabilities   18b   118,924   117,081
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   79,653   48,029
Derivatives   6 and 7   79,505   47,828
Structured notes   16   143   201
Other financial liabilities   18b   5   —
Provision for Expected Loss   10   4,392   4,140
Loan commitments   3,485   3,303
Financial guarantees   907   837
Provision for insurance and private pensions   27c   221,000   218,334
Provisions   29   19,819   21,454
Tax liabilities   24c   5,710   7,891
Income tax and social contribution—current   2,878   3,997
Income tax and social contribution—deferred   24b   421   1,058
Other   2,411   2,836
Other liabilities   18b   38,511   28,338
Total liabilities   1,864,726   1,488,016
Capital   19a   97,148   97,148
Treasury shares   19a   (907   )   (1,274   )
Additional paid-in capital   19c   2,519   2,175
Appropriated reserves   19c   17,228   12,948
Unappropriated reserves   19c   29,926   29,878
Other comprehensive income   (2,921   )   (3,950   )
Total stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company   142,993   136,925
Non-controlling interests   19d   11,532   12,540
Total stockholders’ equity   154,525   149,465
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   2,019,251   1,637,481

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-7

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Statement of Income

Periods ended

(In millions of Reais, except for number
of shares and earnings per share information)

Note   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Operating Revenues   100,199   117,079   104,200
Interest and similar income of financial assets at amortized cost and at fair value through other
comprehensive income   21a   113,262   117,523   110,324
Interest, similar income and dividend of financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss   15,716   22,760   22,853
Interest and similar expenses   21b   (73,558   )   (75,958   )   (70,612   )
Adjustments to Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities   21c   (8,056   )   4,098   (4,834   )
Foreign exchange results and exchange variations in foreign transactions   2,689   927   2,974
Commissions and Banking Fees   22   38,557   39,032   36,809
Income from insurance and private pension operations before claim and selling
expenses   4,488   4,553   3,961
Revenues from insurance premiuns and private pensions   14,804   19,624   24,097
Change in provision for insurance and private pension   (10,316   )   (15,071   )   (20,136   )
Other income   3   7,101   4,144   2,725
Expected Loss from Financial Assets and Claims   (25,980   )   (18,567   )   (10,182   )
Expected Loss with Loan and Lease Operations   10c   (24,452   )   (18,298   )   (10,587   )
Expected Loss with Other Financial Asset, net   (174   )   1,026   1,633
(Expenses) / Recovery of claims   (1,354   )   (1,295   )   (1,228   )
Operating Revenues Net of Expected Losses from Financial Assets and Claims   74,219   98,512   94,018
Other operating income (expenses)   (68,989   )   (67,269   )   (63,410   )
General and administrative expenses   23   (64,207   )   (61,012   )   (57,538   )
Tax expenses   (6,181   )   (7,572   )   (6,619   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   11   1,399   1,315   747
Income / (loss) before income tax and social contribution   5,230   31,243   30,608
Current income tax and social contribution   24a   (8,655   )   (9,092   )   (2,564   )
Deferred income tax and social contribution   24a   18,489   5,662   (2,405   )
Net income / (loss)   15,064   27,813   25,639
Net income attributable to owners of the parent company   25   18,896   27,113   24,907
Net income / (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests   19d   (3,832   )   700   732
Earnings per share - basic   25
Common   1.94   2.78   2.56
Preferred   1.94   2.78   2.56
Earnings per share - diluted   25
Common   1.93   2.77   2.55
Preferred   1.93   2.77   2.55
Weighted average number of outstanding shares - basic   25
Common   4,958,290,359   4,958,290,359   4,958,290,359
Preferred   4,801,324,161   4,781,855,588   4,759,872,085
Weighted average number of outstanding shares - diluted   25
Common   4,958,290,359   4,958,290,359   4,958,290,359
Preferred   4,843,233,835   4,826,925,107   4,815,473,777

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-8

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

Periods ended

(In millions of Reais)

Note   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Net income   15,064   27,813   25,639
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   148   1,810   (166   )
Change in fair value   1,214   2,883   (576   )
Tax effect   (457   )   (696   )   270
(Gains) / losses transferred to income statement   21c   (1,107   )   (628   )   254
Tax effect   498   251   (114   )
Hedge   (3,557   )   (16   )   (1,135   )
Cash flow hedg e   7   499   (56   )   (81   )
Change in fair value   947   (191   )   (256   )
Tax effect   (448   )   135   175
Hedge of net investment in foreign operation   7   (4,056   )   40   (1,054   )
Change in fair value   (7,616   )   83   (1,793   )
Tax effect   3,560   (43   )   739
Remeasurements of liabilities for post-employment benefits (*)   (192   )   (350   )   (164   )
Remeasurements   26   (349   )   (648   )   (267   )
Tax effect   157   298   103
Foreign exchange variation in foreign investments   4,630   (1,582   )   1,139
Total other comprehensive income   1,029   (138   )   (326   )
Total comprehensive income   16,093   27,675   25,313
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests   (3,832   )   700   732
Comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the parent company   19,925   26,975   24,581

(*)   Amounts that will not be subsequently reclassified to income.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-9

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (Notes 19 and 20)

Periods ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018

(In
millions of Reais)

Attributed to owners of the parent company
Other comprehensive income
Capital   Treasury shares   Additional paid-in capital   Appropriated reserves   Unappropriated reserves   Retained earnings   Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (1)   Remeasurements of liabilities of post- employment benefits   Conversion adjustments of foreign investments   Gains and losses – hedge (2)   Total stockholders’ equity – owners of the parent company   Total stockholders’ equity – non- controlling interests   Total
Balance at 01/01/2018   97,148   (2,743   )   1,930   12,499   26,030   —   (944   )   (825   )   2,667   (4,384   )   131,378   12,978   144,356
Transactions with owners   —   923   190   (534   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   579   131   710
Cancellation of treasury shares – Meeting of the Board of Directors 02/22/2018   —   534   —   (534   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Acquisition of treasury shares   —   (510   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (510   )   —   (510   )
Result of delivery of treasury shares   —   899   422   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   1,321   —   1,321
Recognition of share-based payment plans   —   —   (232   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (232   )   —   (232   )
(Increase) / Reduction of interest of controlling stockholders (Note 2.4a I and 3)   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   131   131
Dividends   —   —   —   7,394   —   (12,650   )   —   —   —   —   (5,256   )   (157   )   (5,413   )
Interest on capital   —   —   —   7,285   —   (8,198   )   —   —   —   —   (913   )   —   (913   )
Dividends / Interest on capital paid in 2018 – declared after 12/31/2017   —   —   —   (13,673   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (13,673   )   —   (13,673   )
Unclaimed dividends   —   —   —   —   —   4   —   —   —   —   4   —   4
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a III)   —   —   —   (592   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (592   )   —   (592   )
Other   —   —   —   —   674   —   —   —   —   —   674   —   674
Total comprehensive income   —   —   —   —   —   24,907   (166   )   (164   )   1,139   (1,135   )   24,581   732   25,313
Net income   —   —   —   —   —   24,907   —   —   —   —   24,907   732   25,639
Other comprehensive income for the period   —   —   —   —   —   —   (166   )   (164   )   1,139   (1,135   )   (326   )   —   (326   )
Appropriations:
Legal reserve   —   —   —   1,097   —   (1,097   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Statutory reserve   —   —   —   4   2,962   (2,966   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Balance at 12/31/2018   97,148   (1,820   )   2,120   13,480   29,666   —   (1,110   )   (989   )   3,806   (5,519   )   136,782   13,684   150,466
Change in the period   —   923   190   981   3,636   —   (166   )   (164   )   1,139   (1,135   )   5,404   706   6,110
Balance at 01/01/2019   97,148   (1,820   )   2,120   13,480   29,666   —   (1,110   )   (989   )   3,806   (5,519   )   136,782   13,684   150,466
Transactions with owners   —   546   55   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   601   —   601
Result of delivery of treasury shares   —   546   351   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   897   —   897
Recognition of share-based payment plans   —   —   (296   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (296   )   —   (296   )
(Increase) / Reduction of interest of controlling stockholders (Note 2.4a I and 3)   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (1,567   )   (1,567   )
Dividends   —   —   —   4,709   —   (14,129   )   —   —   —   —   (9,420   )   (277   )   (9,697   )
Interest on capital   —   —   —   5,102   —   (5,468   )   —   —   —   —   (366   )   —   (366   )
Dividends / Interest on capital paid in 2019 – declared after 12/31/2018   —   —   —   (17,500   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (17,500   )   —   (17,500   )
Unclaimed dividends and Interest on capital   —   —   —   —   —   42   —   —   —   —   42   —   42
Other (3)   —   —   —   —   (189   )   —   —   —   —   —   (189   )   —   (189   )
Total comprehensive income   —   —   —   —   —   27,113   1,810   (350   )   (1,582   )   (16   )   26,975   700   27,675
Net income   —   —   —   —   —   27,113   —   —   —   —   27,113   700   27,813
Other comprehensive income for the period   —   —   —   —   —   —   1,810   (350   )   (1,582   )   (16   )   (138   )   —   (138   )
Appropriations:
Legal reserve   —   —   —   1,336   —   (1,336   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Statutory reserve   —   —   —   5,821   401   (6,222   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Balance at 12/31/2019   97,148   (1,274   )   2,175   12,948   29,878   —   700   (1,339   )   2,224   (5,535   )   136,925   12,540   149,465
Change in the period   —   546   55   (532   )   212   —   1,810   (350   )   (1,582   )   (16   )   143   (1,144   )   (1,001   )
Balance at 01/01/2020   97,148   (1,274   )   2,175   12,948   29,878   —   700   (1,339   )   2,224   (5,535   )   136,925   12,540   149,465
Transactions with owners   —   367   344   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   711   3,329   4,040
Result of delivery of treasury shares   —   367   200   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   567   —   567
Recognition of share-based payment plans   —   —   144   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   144   —   144
(Increase) / Reduction of interest of controlling stockholders (Note 2.4a I and 3)   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   3,329   3,329
Dividends   —   —   —   —   —   (1,756   )   —   —   —   —   (1,756   )   (505   )   (2,261   )
Interest on capital   —   —   —   —   —   (3,232   )   —   —   —   —   (3,232   )   —   (3,232   )
Dividends / Interest on capital paid in 2020 – declared after 12/31/2019   —   —   —   (9,811   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (9,811   )   —   (9,811   )
Unclaimed dividends and Interest on capital   —   —   —   —   —   118   —   —   —   —   118   —   118
Other (3)   —   —   —   —   113   —   —   —   —   —   113   —   113
Total comprehensive income   —   —   —   —   18,896   148   (192   )   4,630   (3,557   )   19,925   (3,832   )   16,093
Net income   —   —   —   —   —   18,896   —   —   —   —   18,896   (3,832   )   15,064
Other comprehensive income for the period   —   —   —   —   —   —   148   (192   )   4,630   (3,557   )   1,029   —   1,029
Appropriations:
Legal reserve   —   —   —   948   —   (948   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Statutory reserve   —   —   —   13,143   (65   )   (13,078   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Balance at 12/31/2020   97,148   (907   )   2,519   17,228   29,926   —   848   (1,531   )   6,854   (9,092   )   142,993   11,532   154,525
Change in the period   —   367   344   4,280   48   —   148   (192   )   4,630   (3,557   )   6,068   (1,008   )   5,060

(1)   Includes the share in other comprehensive income of investments in associates and joint ventures related to
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

(2)   Includes cash flow hedge and hedge of net investment in foreign operation.

(3)   Includes Argentina´s hyperinflation adjustment.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-10

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

(In millions of Reais)

Note   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Adjusted net income   60,953   61,134   62,855
Net income   15,064   27,813   25,639
Adjustments to net income:   45,889   33,321   37,216
Share-based payment   217   (141   )   (98   )
Adjustments to fair value of financial assets through Profit or Loss and Derivatives   739   310   551
Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   11,677   (54   )   (990   )
Expected Loss from Financial Assets and Claims   25,980   18,567   10,182
Income from interest and foreign exchange variation from operations with subordinated
debt   20,774   4,433   8,759
Provision for insurance and private pension   10,316   15,071   20,136
Depreciation and amortization   13 and 14   3,729   3,561   3,567
Expense from update / charges on the provision for civil, labor, tax and legal
obligations   893   1,925   1,037
Provision for civil, labor, tax and legal obligations   3,602   5,132   2,465
Revenue from update / charges on deposits in guarantee   (344   )   (519   )   (199   )
Deferred taxes (excluding hedge tax effects)   24b   (239   )   2,499   10,287
Income from share in the net income of associates and joint ventures and other
investments   (1,399   )   (1,315   )   (747   )
Income from Financial assets - At fair value through other comprehensive income   21c   (1,107   )   (628   )   254
Income from interest and foreign exchange variation of financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income   (21,057   )   (8,420   )   (12,808   )
Income from Interest and foreign exchange variation of financial assets at amortized cost   (8,309   )   (3,332   )   (4,353   )
(Gain) loss on sale of investments and fixed assets   (4,165   )   (168   )   (297   )
Other   23   4,582   (3,600   )   (530   )
Change in assets and liabilities   (1,462   )   (25,974   )   (33,132   )
(Increase) / decrease in assets
Interbank deposits   (21,775   )   (6,897   )   (9,404   )
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   (21,639   )   62,487   (29,561   )
Compulsory deposits with the Central Bank of Brazil   1,189   2,900   4,689
Loan operations   (141,951   )   (63,999   )   (51,919   )
Derivatives (assets / liabilities)   (3,012   )   1,918   217
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   (108,696   )   (18,202   )   (13,105   )
Other financial assets   1,841   (19,143   )   (15,323   )
Other tax assets   534   3   (1,669   )
Other assets   (18,008   )   (9,232   )   (7,447   )
(Decrease) / increase in liabilities
Deposits   301,950   43,636   60,486
Deposits received under securities repurchase agreements   16,781   (73,654   )   17,603
Funds from interbank markets   (18,827   )   40,192   10,083
Funds from institutional markets   18,611   121   (1,125   )
Other financial liabilities   1,843   19,652   11,486
Financial liabilities at fair value throught profit or loss   (60   )   9   (273   )
Provision for insurance and private pension   (9,004   )   781   (1,409   )
Provisions   (3,550   )   673   (495   )
Tax liabilities   (1,910   )   (3,526   )   (1,739   )
Other liabilities   10,048   2,568   (348   )
Payment of income tax and social contribution   (5,827   )   (6,261   )   (3,879   )
Net cash from / (used in) operating activities   59,491   35,160   29,723
Dividends / Interest on capital received from investments in associates and joint
ventures   487   838   671
Cash from the sale of financial assets - At fair value through other comprehensive income   38,738   9,074   16,622
Cash upon sale of investments in associates and joint ventures   4,982   68   266
Cash upon sale of fixed assets   13   331   175   215
Mutual rescission of intangible assets agreements   309   64   35
(Purchase) of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   (50,598   )   (24,820   )   (591   )
(Purchase) / redemptions of financial assets at amortized cost   11,863   (19,359   )   5,479
(Purchase) of investments in associates and joint ventures   (52   )   (387   )   (6,718   )
(Purchase) of fixed assets   13   (1,716   )   (1,621   )   (1,483   )
(Purchase) of intangible assets   14   (3,591   )   (2,691   )   (1,381   )
Net cash from / (used in) investment activities   753   (38,659   )   13,115
Funding from institutional markets   5,260   8,548   2,906
Redemptions in institutional markets   (10,581   )   (2,833   )   (15,048   )
Change in non-controlling interests stockholders   3,330   (1,617   )   128
Result of delivery of treasury shares   494   742   1,187
Purchase of treasury shares   —   —   (510   )
Dividends and interest on capital paid to non-controlling interests   (506   )   (227   )   (154   )
Dividends and interest on capital paid   (11,552   )   (25,915   )   (20,093   )
Net cash from / (used in) financing activities   (13,555   )   (21,302   )   (31,584   )
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   2.4c   46,689   (24,801   )   11,254
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period   70,811   95,558   83,314
Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   (11,677   )   54   990
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period   105,823   70,811   95,558
Cash   46,224   30,367   37,159
Interbank deposits   3,888   4,561   3,295
Securities purchased under agreements to resell - Collateral held   55,711   35,883   55,104
Additional information on cash flow (Mainly Operating activities)
Interest received   121,558   134,225   122,405
Interest paid   77,011   77,315   84,668
Non-cash transactions
Loans transferred to assets held for sale   —   —   —
Dividends and interest on capital declared and not yet paid   3,178   838   515

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-11

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At 12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 1 - Overview

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.
(ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING) is a publicly-held company, organized and existing under the laws of Brazil. The head office is located at Praça Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha, n° 100, in the city of São Paulo, state of São
Paulo, Brazil.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has a presence in 18 countries and territories and offers a wide variety of financial products and services
to personal and corporate customers in Brazil and abroad, not necessarily related to Brazil, through its branches, subsidiaries and international affiliates. It offers a full range of banking services, through its different portfolios: commercial
banking; investment banking; real estate lending; loans, financing and investment; leasing and foreign exchange business. Its operations are divided into three segments: Retail Banking, Wholesale Banking, and Activities with the Market +
Corporation. Further detailed segment information is presented in Note 30.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is a financial holding company controlled by
Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. (“IUPAR”), a holding company which owns 51.71% of our common shares, and which is jointly controlled by (i) Itaúsa S.A. (“ITAÚSA”), a holding company
controlled by members of the Egydio de Souza Aranha family, and (ii) Companhia E. Johnston de Participações (“E. JOHNSTON”), a holding company controlled by the Moreira Salles family. Itaúsa also directly holds
39.21% of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s common shares.

These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on
February 01, 2021.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-12

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 2 – Significant accounting policies

2.1.   Basis of preparation

The Consolidated Financial Statements of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING were prepared in accordance with the requirements and guidelines of the
National Monetary Council (CMN), which require that as from December 31, 2010 annual Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB).

In the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING adopted the criteria for
recognition, measurement and disclosure established in the IFRS and in the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC).

Management believes that the information included in these Consolidated Financial Statements is relevant and a faithful representation of the
information used in the management of the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

2.2.   New accounting standards changes and interpretations of existing standards

a)   Accounting standards applicable for period ended December 31, 2020

•   Amendment in Conceptual Framework – The main changes refer to: definitions of assets and liabilities,
recognition criteria, derecognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure for equity and results elements. These changes are effective for the years started on January 1 st , 2020 and there are
no impacts on the Consolidated Financial Statements of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

•   Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (IBOR Reform) Phase I—Amendments to IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments, IAS
39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and IFRS 7 – Financial Instruments: Disclosures – Due to the changes in the interest rates used as market references – IBOR (Interbank Offered Rate), that will be terminated
in future periods, there may be uncertainties in the evaluation of hedge accounting structures. Regulatory changes aim at minimizing possible impacts on these structures in the current scenario of prereplacement of rates. The regulatory exemption
setting forth that these rates will not be replaced during the period of uncertainty in the analysis of hedge accounting relationships will be applied. These changes are effective for the years beginning January 1 st , 2020 and they will be applied until the effective replacement of IBORs occurs or until the hedge accounting relationships are discontinued. No significant impacts have been identified in the hedge
accounting structures for the Consolidated Financial Statements of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, in the prereplacement period of IBORs.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is exposed mainly to Libor and Euribor rates in hedge accounting structures. Since 2018, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
brings together working groups to follow the progress of discussions in the international market about the replacement of IBORs. For standardized agreements, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING will assume the updates of rates made by the respective
clearings and the International Swaps and Derivatives Association—ISDA). For the other agreements, whenever possible, they will be negotiated and adjusted gradually until the end of 2021, date on which the market expects the end of disclosures
of IBORs.

•   Amendments to IFRS 16 – Leases: Practical expedient that enables lessees not to characterize the lease
concessions motivated by the COVID-19 pandemic as an agreement modification. This standard is effective for the years beginning on June 1 st , 2020, and earlier application is permitted. ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING opted for not using the exception arising from this standard, and, therefore, there were no impacts on the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-13

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

b)   Accounting standards recently issued and applicable in future periods

•   Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (IBOR Reform) Phase II—Amendments to IFRS 4 – Insurance Contracts, IFRS7
– Financial Instruments: Disclosures, IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments, IFRS 16 – Leases and IAS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement: Phase II of the inter-bank offered rates reform used as market benchmarks
(IBOR). The amendments are summarized as:

•   Changes in financial assets and liabilities: Practical expedient that allows to replace, as a consequence of the
reform, the effective interest rate of a financial asset or financial liability with a new economically equivalent rate, without derecognition of the contract;

•   Hedge accounting: End of exemptions for evaluating the effectiveness of hedge relationships (Phase I) with
recognition in Profit or Loss of the ineffective portion, creation of sub-portfolios to segregate contracts with the amended rates for hedges of group items, 24-month term for identification and segregation of new risk based on changes in interest
rates, and updates of hedge documentation;

•   Disclosure: Requirements about the disclosure of risks to which the entity is exposed by the reform, risk
management and evolution of the IBORs transition.

These amendments are effective for years beginning on January 1
st
, 2021. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is exposed mainly to Libor and Euribor rates in hedge accounting structures and financial assets and liabilities, including derivatives. Agreements linked to
IBORs facing extinction will be (i) updated to an alternative rate plus spread; or (ii) settled in advance should there be no agreement between the parties. To mitigate the risks associated with IBOR Reform in standardized agreements,
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING will assume the update of rates made by the respective clearing houses with the accretion of a spread so that the restated cash flows are economically equivalent to the original cash flows. The fallback clauses protocols
suggested by international self -regulatory entities (International Swaps and Derivatives Association—ISDA) will be adopted. For the other agreements will be negotiated between the parties seeking to approach the model adopted for standardized
agreements and they will be adjusted gradually until the end of 2021, date on which the market expects the end of disclosures of IBORs. Accordingly, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not expect significant impacts resulting from the IBOR Reform.

•   IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts: The pronouncement replaces IFRS 4 – Insurance Contracts and presents
three approaches for valuation:

•   General Model: applicable to all contracts without direct participation features;

•   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA): applicable to contracts with term is up to 12 months or when it produces
results similar to those that would be obtained if the general model was used. It is more simplified than the general model;

•   Variable Fee Approach: applicable to insurance contracts with direct participation features, the insurance
contracts which are substantially investment related service contracts under which an entity promises an investment return based on underlying items.

Insurance contracts must be recognized based on an analysis of four components:

•   Expected Future Cash Flows: estimate of all components of cash flow of the contract, considering inflows and
outflows;

•   Risk Adjustment: estimate of offset required for differences that may occur between cash flows;

•   Contractual Margin: difference between any amounts received before the beginning of the contract coverage and
present value of cash flows estimated at the beginning of the contract;

•   Discount: projected cash flows must be discounted to present value, to reflect the time value of money, at rates
that reflect the characteristics of the respective flows.

This standard is effective for annual periods beginning
January 1
st
, 2023. Possible impacts are being assessed and the assessment will be completed by the date this standard comes into force.

2.3.   Critical accounting estimates and judgments

The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with the IFRS requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, and contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Financial Statements, due to uncertainties and the high level of subjectivity involved in the recognition and measurement of certain items. Estimates and
judgments considered more relevant by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are related to the following topics:

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-14

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Topic   Notes
Consolidation   Note 2.3 (a) and Note 3
Fair value of financial instruments   Note 2.3 (b) and Note 28
Effective interest rate   Note 2.3 (c), Notes 5, 8, 9 and 10
Change to financial assets   Note 2.3 (d), Notes 5, 8, 9 and 10
Transfer and write-off of financial assets   Note 2.3 (e), Notes 5, 8, 9 and 10
Expected credit loss   Note 2.3 (f), Notes 8, 9, 10 and 32
Goodwill impairment   Note 2.3 (g) and Note 14
Deferred income tax and social contribution   Note 2.3 (h) and Note 24
Defined benefit pension plan   Note 2.3 (i) and Note 26
Provisions, contingencies and legal liabilities   Note 2.3 (j) and Note 29
Technical provisions for insurance and private pension   Note 2.3 (k) and Note 27

a)   Consolidation

Subsidiaries are all those in which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s involvement exposes it or entitles it to variable returns and can
affect these returns through its influence on the entity. The existence of control is assessed continuously. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date control is established to the date on which it ceases to exist.

b)   Fair value of financial instruments not traded in active markets, including derivatives

The fair value of financial instruments, including derivatives that are not traded in active markets, is calculated
by using valuation techniques based on assumptions that consider market information and conditions. The main assumptions are: historical data, information on similar transactions and pricing techniques. For more complex or illiquid instruments,
significant judgment is necessary to determine the model used with the selection of specific inputs and, in certain cases, evaluation adjustments are applied to the model amount our price quoted for financial instruments that are not actively
traded.

The methodologies used to estimate the fair value of certain financial instruments are described in Note 28.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-15

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c)   Effective interest rate

For the calculation of the effective interest rate, the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING estimates cash flows considering all contractual terms of
the financial instrument, but without consider future credit losses. The calculation includes all commissions paid or received between parties to the contract, transaction costs, and all other premiums or discounts.

Interest revenue is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset. In the case of
purchased or originated credit impaired financial assets, the adjusted effective interest rate is applied (taking into account the expected credit loss) to the amortized cost of the financial asset.

d)   Modification of financial assets

The factors used to determine whether has been substantial modification of a contract are: evaluation if there is a renegotiation that is not
part of the original contractual terms, change to contractual cash flows and significant extensions of the term of the transaction due to the debtor’s financial constraints, significant changes to the interest rate and changes to the currency
in which the transaction is denominated.

e)   Transfer and write-off of financial assets

When there are no reasonable expectations of recovery of a financial asset, considering historical curves, its total or partial write-off is
carried out concurrently with the use of the related allowance for expected credit loss, with no effect on the Consolidated Statement of Income of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are accounted
for as income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Thus, financial assets are written off, either totally or partially, when there is
no reasonable expectation of recovering a financial asset or when ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING substantially transfers all risks and benefits of ownership and said transfer is qualified to be written off.

f)   Expected credit loss

The measurement of expected credit loss requires the application of significant assumptions and use of quantitative models. Management
exercises its judgment in the assessment of the adequacy of the expected loss amounts resulting from models and, according to its experience, makes adjustments that may result from certain client’s credit condition or temporary adjustments
resulting from situations or new circumstances that have not been reflected in the modeling yet.

The main assumptions are:

•   Term to maturity: ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING considers the maximum contractual period on which it will
be exposed a financial instrument’s credit risk. However, the estimated useful life of assets that do not have fixed maturity date is based on the period of exposure to credit risk. Additionally, all contractual terms are taken into account
when determining the expected life, including prepayment and rollover options.

•   Prospective information: IFRS 9 requires a balanced and impartial estimate of credit loss that includes
forecasts of future economic conditions. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses macroeconomic forecasts and public information with projections prepared internally to determine the impact of these estimates on the calculation of expected credit loss.
Main prospective information used to determine the expected loss is related to Selic Rate, Credit Default Swap (CDS), unemployment rate, Gross Domestic Product (GDP), wages, industrial production and retail sales.

•   Macroeconomic scenarios: This information involves inherent risks, market uncertainties and other factors
that may give rise to results different from expected.

•   Probability-weighted loss scenarios: ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses weighted scenarios to determine
credit loss expected over a suitable observation horizon adequate to classification in phases, considering the projection based on economic variables.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-16

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

•   Determining criteria for significant increase or decrease in credit risk: in each period of the
consolidated financial statements, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING assesses whether the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since the initial recognition using relative and absolute triggers (indicators), which consider delay
and the probability of default (PD) by product and by country. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING assesses several factors to determine a significant increase in credit risk, such as: the counterparty, type and characteristics of the product and region in
which it was contracted, considering the following objective criteria as minimum factors:

•   Stage 1 to stage 2: default exceeding 30 days, except for payroll loans for government agency, which are
recognized is made after 45 days in arrears;

•   Stage 2 to stage 3: default exceeding 90 days, except for the mortgage loan portfolio, for which arrears of 180
days is a parameter for stage migration.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING assesses whether the credit risk has significantly
increased on an individual or collective basis. For collective assessment purposes, financial assets are grouped based on characteristics of shared credit risk, considering the type of instrument, credit risk classifications, initial recognition
date, remaining term, industry, geographical location of the counterparty, among other significant factors.

•   Brazilian and foreign government securities are considered to have low credit risk, in accordance with a study
conducted by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and therefore they remain in stage 1.

Details on the expected credit loss are
in Note 32.

g)   Goodwill impairment

The review of goodwill due to impairment reflects the Management’s best estimate for future cash flows of Cash Generating Units (CGU),
with the identification of the CGU and estimate of their fair value less costs to sell and/or value in use. These flows are subject to market conditions and uncertain factors, as follows:

•   Cash flows projected for periods of available forecasts and long-term assumptions for these flows;

•   Discount rates, since they generally reflect financial and economic variables, such as the risk-free interest
rate and a risk premium.

Cash-Generating Units or CGU groups are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is
monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill is allocated to cash flow generating units for purposes of testing for impairment.

h)   Deferred income tax and social contribution

As explained in Note 2.4j, deferred tax assets are recognized only in relation to deductible temporary differences, tax losses and social
contribution loss carryforwards for offset only to the extent that it is probable that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING will generate future taxable profit for its use. The expected realization of deferred tax assets is based on the projection of future
taxable profits and technical studies, as disclosed in Note 24.

i)   Defined benefit pension plan

The current amount of pension plans is obtained from actuarial calculations, which use assumptions such as discount rate, which is appropriated
at the end of each year and used to determine the present value of estimated future cash outflows. To determine the appropriate discount rate, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING considers the interest rates of National Treasury Notes that have maturity
terms similar to the terms of the respective liabilities.

The main assumptions for Pension plan obligations are partly based on current
market conditions. Additional information is disclosed in Note 26.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-17

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

j)   Provisions, contingencies and legal liabilities

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING periodically reviews its contingencies. These contingencies are evaluated based on management´s best
estimates, taking into account the opinion of legal counsel when there is a likelihood that financial resources will be required to settle the obligations and the amounts may be reasonably estimated.

Contingencies classified as probable losses are recognized in the Balance Sheet under Provisions.

Contingent amounts are measured using appropriate models and criteria, despite the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate timing and amounts.
Additional information is described in Note 29.

k)   Technical provisions for insurance and private pension

Technical provisions are liabilities arising from obligations of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING to its policyholders and participants. These
obligations may be short term liabilities (property and casualty insurance) or medium and long term liabilities (life insurance and pension plans).

The determination of the actuarial liability is subject to several uncertainties inherent in the coverage of insurance and pension contracts,
such as assumptions of persistence, mortality, disability, life expectancy, morbidity, expenses, frequency and severity of claims, conversion of benefits into annuities, redemptions and return on assets.

The estimates for these assumptions are based on the historical experience of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, benchmarks and the experience of
the actuary, in order to comply with best market practices and constantly review of the actuarial liability. The adjustments resulting from these continuous improvements, when necessary, are recognized in the statement of income for the
corresponding period. Additional information is described in Note 27.

2.4.   Summary of main accounting practices

a)   Consolidation

l.   Subsidiaries

In accordance with IFRS 10 - Consolidated Financial Statements, subsidiaries are all entities in which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING holds
control.

The consolidated financial statements are prepared using consistent accounting policies. Intercompany asset and liability
account balances, income accounts and transaction values have been eliminated.

In the 3rd quarter of 2018, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
started adjusting the financial statements of its subsidiaries in Argentina to reflect the effects of hyperinflation, pursuant to IAS 29 – Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-18

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

The following table shows the main consolidated companies, which together represent over 95% of total
consolidated assets, as well as the interests of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING in their voting capital.

Functional currency (1)   Incorporation country   Activity   Interest in voting capital %   Interest in total capital %
12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
In Brazil
Banco Itaú BBA S.A.   Real   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaú Consignado S.A.   Real   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaucard S.A.   Real   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itauleasing S.A.   Real   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Cia. Itaú de Capitalização   Real   Brazil   Premium Bonds   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Dibens Leasing S.A. - Arrendamento Mercantil   Real   Brazil   Leasing   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Financeira Itaú CBD S.A. Crédito, Financiamento e Investimento   Real   Brazil   Consumer finance credit   50.00%   50.00   %   50.00   %   50.00   %
Hipercard Banco Múltiplo S.A.   Real   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itauseg Seguradora S.A.   Real   Brazil   Insurance   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A.   Real   Brazil   Securities Broker   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú Seguros S.A.   Real   Brazil   Insurance   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú Unibanco S.A.   Real   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú Vida e Previdência S.A.   Real   Brazil   Pension plan   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Luizacred S.A. Sociedade de Crédito, Financiamento e Investimento   Real   Brazil   Consumer finance credit   50.00%   50.00   %   50.00   %   50.00   %
Redecard S.A.   Real   Brazil   Acquirer   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Foreign
Itaú CorpBanca Colombia S.A.   Colombian peso   Colombia   Financial institution   34.16%   33.22   %   34.16   %   33.22   %
Banco Itaú (Suisse) SA   Swiss franc   Switzerland   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaú Argentina S.A.   Argentinian peso   Argentina   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaú Paraguay S.A.   Guarani   Paraguay   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaú Uruguay S.A.   Uruguayan peso   Uruguay   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itau Bank, Ltd.   Real   Cayman Islands   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itau BBA International plc   US Dollar   United Kingdom   Financial institution   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itau BBA USA Securities Inc.   Real   United States   Securities Broker   100.00%   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú CorpBanca (2)   Chilean peso   Chile   Financial institution   39.22%   38.14   %   39.22   %   38.14   %

(1)   All overseas offices of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING have the same functional currency as the parent
company, except for CorpBanca New York Branch, which uses the US dollar.

(2)   ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING controls ITAÚ CORPBANCA due to the shareholders’ agreement.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-19

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

II.   Business combinations

In general, a business consists of an integrated set of activities and assets that may be conducted and managed so as to provide a return, in
the form of dividends, lower costs or other economic benefits, to investors or other stockholders, members or participants. If there is goodwill in a set of activities and assets transferred, it is presumed to be a business.

The acquisition method is used to account for business combinations, except for those classified as under common control.

Acquisition cost is measured at the fair value of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at the
acquisition date. Acquired assets and assumed liabilities and contingent liabilities identifiable in a business combination are initially measured at fair value at the date of acquisition, regardless of the existence of non-controlling interests.
When the amount paid, plus non-controlling interests, is higher than the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired, the difference will be accounted for as goodwill. On the other hand, if the difference is negative, it will be treated as
bargain purchase gain and the amount will be recognized directly in income.

III.   Goodwill

Goodwill is not amortized, but its recoverable value is assessed semi-annually or when there is an indication of impairment loss using an
approach that involves the identification of Cash Generating Units (CGUs) and the estimate of its fair value less the cost to sell and/or its value in use.

To determine this estimate, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING adopts the discounted cash flow methodology for a period of 5 years, macroeconomic
assumptions, growth rate and discount rate.

The units or Cash Flow Generating Units are identified at the lowest level in which goodwill
is monitored for internal Management purposes. Goodwill is allocated to cash flow generating units for purposes of testing for impairment.

The breakdown of intangible assets is described in Note 14.

IV.   Capital Transactions with non-controlling stockholders

IFRS 10 – Consolidated Financial Statements establishes that, changes in an ownership interest in a subsidiary, which do not result in a
loss of control, are accounted for as capital transactions and any difference between the amount paid and the carrying amount of non-controlling stockholders is recognized directly in consolidated stockholders’ equity.

b)   Foreign currency translation

I.   Functional and presentation currency

The Consolidated Financial Statements of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are presented in Brazilian Reais, its functional and presentation
currency. For each subsidiary, joint venture or investment in associates, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING defines the functional currency as the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates.

II.   Foreign currency operations

Foreign currency operations are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions.
Foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of income, unless they are related to cash flow hedges and hedge of net investment in foreign operations, which are recognized in stockholders’ equity.

c)   Cash and cash equivalents

Defined as cash and current accounts with banks, shown in the Consolidated Balance Sheet under the heading Cash, Interbank Deposits and
Securities purchased under agreements to resell (Collateral Held) with original maturities not exceeding 90 days.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-20

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

d)   Financial assets and liabilities

Financial assets and liabilities are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost or fair value.

I - Classification and measurement of financial assets

Financial assets are classified in the following categories:

•   Amortized cost: used when financial assets are managed to obtain contractual cash flows, consisting solely of
payments of principal and interest;

•   Fair value through other comprehensive income: used when financial assets are held both for obtaining contractual
cash flows, consisting solely by payments of principal and interest, and for sale;

•   Fair value through profit or loss: used for financial assets that do not meet the aforementioned criteria.

The classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets depend on:

•   The business model under which they are managed;

•   The characteristics of their cash flows (Solely Payment of Principal and Interest Test – SPPI Test).

Business model:
represents how financial assets are managed to generate cash flows and does not depend on the
Management’s intention regarding an individual instrument. Financial assets may be managed with the purpose of: i) obtaining contractual cash flows; ii) obtaining contractual cash flows and sale; or iii) others. To assess business models,
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING considers risks that affect the performance of the business model; how the managers of the business are compensated; and how the performance of the business model is assessed and reported to Management.

When a financial asset is subject to business models i) or ii) the application of the SPPI Test is required.

SPPI Test:
assessment of cash flows generated by a financial instrument for the purpose of checking whether they represent solely
payments of principal and interest. To fit into this concept, cash flows should include only consideration for the time value of money and credit risk. If contractual terms introduce risk exposure or cash flow volatilities, such as exposure to
changes in prices of equity instruments or prices of commodities, the financial asset is classified at fair value through profit or loss. Hybrid contracts must be assessed as a whole, including all embedded characteristics. The accounting of a
hybrid contract that contains an embedded derivative is performed on a joint basis, i.e. the whole instrument is measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Amortized cost

Amortized cost is the amount for which a financial asset or liability is measured at its initial recognition, plus adjustments made under the
effective interest method, less amortization of principal and interest, and any provision for expected credit loss.

Fair value

Fair value is the price that would be received for the sale of an asset or that would be paid for the transfer of a liability in an
orderly transaction between market players on the measurement date.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING classifies the fair value hierarchy
according to the relevance of data observed in the measurement process.

Details of the fair value of financial instruments, including
Derivatives, and of the hierarchy of fair value are given in Note 28.

Average cost is used to determine the gains and losses realized on
disposal of financial assets at fair value, which are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income as Adjustments to Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities. Dividends on assets at fair value through other comprehensive

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-21

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

income are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income as Dividend income when it is probable that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s right to receive such dividends is assured.

Regular purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized and derecognized, respectively, on the trading date.

Financial assets and liabilities are offset against each other and the net amount is reported in the Balance Sheet only solely when there is a
legally enforceable right to offset them and the intention to settle them on a net basis, or to simultaneously realize the asset and settle the liability.

Equity instruments

An
equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in an entity’s assets, after the deduction of all its liabilities, such as Shares and Units.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING subsequently measures all its equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss, except when Management
opts, on initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an equity instrument at fair value through other comprehensive income when it is held for a purpose other than only generating returns. When this option is selected, gains and losses on the fair
value of the instrument are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and are not subsequently reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Income, even on sale. Dividends continue to be recognized in the Consolidated
Statement of Income when ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s right to receive them is assured.

Gains and losses on equity instruments
measured at fair value through profit or loss are accounted in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Expected credit loss

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING makes a forward-looking assessment of the expected credit loss on financial assets measured at amortized cost or
through other comprehensive income, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts:

•   Financial assets: loss is measured at present value of the difference between contractual cash flows and
the cash flows that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING expects to receive;

•   Loan commitments: expected loss is measured at present value of the difference between contractual cash
flows that would be due if the commitment was drawn down and the cash flows that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING expects to receive;

•   Financial guarantees: the loss is measured at the difference between the payments expected for refunding
the counterparty and the amounts that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING expects to recover.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
applies a three-stage approach to measuring the expected credit loss, in which financial assets migrate from one stage to the other in accordance with changes in credit risk.

•   Stage 1 – 12-month expected credit loss: represents default events possible within 12 months. Applicable to
financial assets which are not credit impaired when purchased or originated;

•   Stage 2 – Lifetime expected credit loss of financial instrument: considers all possible default events.
Applicable to financial assets originated which are not credit impaired when originated or purchased but for which credit risk has increased significantly; and

•   Stage 3 – Credit loss expected for credit-impaired assets: considers all possible default events. Applicable
to financial assets which are credit impaired when purchased or originated. The measurement of assets classified in this stage is different from Stage 2 due to the recognition of interest income by applying the effective interest rate to amortized
cost (net of provision) rather than to the gross carrying amount.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-22

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

An asset will migrate between stages as its credit risk increases or decreases. Therefore, a
financial asset that migrated to stages 2 and 3 may return to stage 1, unless it was purchased or originated credit impaired financial asset.

Macroeconomic scenarios

Forward-looking information is based on macroeconomic scenarios that are reassessed annually or when market conditions so require.

Additional information is described in Note 32.

Modification of contractual cash flows

When contractual cash flows of a financial asset are renegotiated or otherwise modified and this does not substantially change its terms and
conditions, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not derecognize it. However, the gross carrying amount of this financial asset is recalculated as the present value of the renegotiated or changed contractual cash flows, discounted at the original
effective interest rate and a modification gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss. Any costs or fees incurred adjust the modified carrying amount and are amortized over the remaining term of the financial asset.

If, on the other hand, the renegotiation or change substantially modifies the terms and conditions of the financial asset, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING derecognises the original asset and recognizes a new one. Accordingly, the renegotiation date is taken as the initial recognition date of the new asset for expected credit loss calculation purposes, and to determine significant
increases in credit risk.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING also assesses if the new financial asset may be considered as purchased or
originated credit impaired financial asset, particularly when the renegotiation was motivated by the debtor’s financial constraints. Differences between the carrying amount of the original asset and fair value of the new asset are immediately
recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

The effects of changes in cash flows of financial assets and other details about
methodologies and assumptions adopted by Management to measure the allowance for expected credit loss, including the use of prospective information, are detailed in Note 32.

Derecognition of financial assets

Financial assets are derecognized when ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING substantially transfers all risks and benefits of its property. In the
event it is not possible to identify the transfer of all risks and benefits, the control should be assessed to determine the continuous involvement related to the transaction.

If there is a retention of risks and benefits, the financial asset continues to be recorded and a liability is recognized for the
consideration received.

II – Classification and measurement of financial liabilities

Financial liabilities are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for:

•   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: this classification applied to derivatives and
other financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss to reduce “accounting mismatches”. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING irrevocably designates financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss in the initial
recognition (fair value option), when the option eliminates or significantly reduces measurement or recognition inconsistencies.

•   Loan commitments and financial guarantees: see details in Note 2.4d Vll.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-23

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Derecognition and modification of financial liabilities

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING derecognises a financial liability from the Consolidated Balance Sheet when it is extinguished, i.e., when the
obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.

A debt instrument change or substantial terms modification of a
financial liability is accounted as a derecognition of the original financial liability and a new one is recognized.

A substantial change
to contractual terms occurs when the discounted present value of cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid/received and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10% different from discounted present value of
the remaining cash flow of the original financial liabilities.

III – Securities purchased under agreements to resell

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING purchases financial assets with a resale commitment (resale agreements) and sells securities with a repurchase
commitment (repurchase agreement) of financial assets. Resale and repurchase agreements are accounted for under Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities sold under repurchase agreements, respectively.

The difference between the sale and repurchase prices is treated as interest and recognized over the life of the agreements using the
effective interest rate method.

The financial assets taken as collateral in resale agreements can be used as collateral for repurchase
agreements it provided for in the agreements or can be sold.

IV - Derivatives

All derivatives are accounted for as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is
negative.

The valuation of active hybrid contracts that are subject to IFRS 9 is carried out as a whole, including all embedded
characteristics, whereas the accounting is carried out on a joint basis, i.e. each instrument is measured at fair value through profit or loss.

When a contract has a main component outside the scope of IFRS 9, such as a lease agreement receivable or an insurance contract, or even a
financial liability, embedded derivatives are treated as separate financial instruments if:

(i)   their characteristics and economic risks are not closely related to those of the main component;

(ii)   the separate instrument meets the definition of a derivative; and

(iii)   the underlying instrument is not booked at fair value through profit or loss.

These embedded derivatives are accounted for separately at fair value, with variations recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income as
Adjustments to Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING will continue applying all the hedge
accounting requirements of IAS 39; however, it may adopt the provisions of IFRS 9, if Management so decides. According to this standard, derivatives may be designated and qualified as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and, the method for
recognizing gains or losses of fair value will depending on the nature of the hedged item.

At the beginning of a hedging transaction,
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy. The hedge is assessed on an ongoing basis to determine if it has been highly
effective throughout all periods of the Financial Statements for which it was designated.

IAS 39 describes three hedging strategies: fair
value hedge, cash flow hedge, and hedge of net investments in a foreign operation. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses derivatives as hedging instruments under all three hedge strategies, as detailed in Note 7.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-24

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Fair value hedge

The following practices are adopted for these operations:

a)   The gain or loss arising from the remeasurement of the hedging instrument at fair value is recognized in
income; and

b)   The gain or loss arising from the hedged item, attributable to the effective portion of the hedged risk, is
applied to the book value of the hedged item and is also recognized in income.

When a derivative expires or is sold or
a hedge no longer meets the hedge accounting criteria or in the event the designation is revoked, the hedge accounting must be prospectively discontinued. In addition, any adjustment to the book value of the hedged item must be amortized in income.

Cash flow hedge

For derivatives that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge, the practices are:

a)   The effective portion of gains or losses on derivatives is recognized directly in Other comprehensive income
– Cash flow hedge;

b)   The portion of gain or loss on derivatives that represents the ineffective portion or on hedge components
excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is recognized in income.

Amounts originally recorded in Other
comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified to Income are recognized in the caption Interest, similar income and dividend of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss at the same time that the corresponding income or expense item
of the financial hedge item affects income. For non-financial hedge items, the amounts originally recognized in Other Comprehensive Income are included in the initial cost of the corresponding asset or liability.

When a derivative expires or is sold, when hedge accounting criteria are no longer met or when the entity revokes the hedge accounting
designation, any cumulative gain or loss existing in Other comprehensive income will be reclassified to income at the time the expected transaction occurs or is no longer expected to occur.

Hedge of net investments in foreign operations

The hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, including the hedge of a monetary item that is booked as part of the net investment, is
accounted for in a manner similar to a cash flow hedge:

a)   The portion of gain or loss on the hedging instrument determined as effective is recognized in other
comprehensive income;

b)   The ineffective portion is recognized in income.

Gains or losses on the hedging instrument related to the effective portion of the hedge which are recognized in Other comprehensive income are
reclassified to income for the period when the foreign operation is partially or totally sold.

V - Loan operations

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING classifies a loan as non-performing if the payment of the principal or interest has been overdue for 60 days or
more. In this case, accrual of interest is no longer recognized.

VI - Premium bonds plans

In Brazil they are regulated by the insurance regulator. These plans do not meet the definition of an insurance contract under IFRS 4, and
therefore they are classified as a financial liability at amortized cost under IFRS 9.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-25

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Revenue from premium bonds plans is recognized during the period of the contract and
measured as the difference between the amount deposited by the customer and the amount that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has to reimburse.

VII – Loan commitments and financial guarantees

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING recognizes as an obligation in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, on the issue date, the fair value of commitments
for loans and financial guarantees. The fair value is generally represented by the fee charged to the customer. This amount is amortized over the term of the instrument and is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income under the heading
Commissions and Banking Fees.

After issue, if ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING concludes based on the best estimate, that the expected credit
loss in relation to the guarantee issued is higher that the fair value less accumulated amortization, this amount is replaced by a provision for loss.

e)   Investments in associates and joint ventures

I – Associates

Associates are companies in which the investor has a significant influence but does not hold control. Investments in these companies are
initially recognized at cost of acquisition and subsequently accounted for using the equity method. Investments in associates and joint ventures include the goodwill identified upon acquisition, net of any cumulative impairment loss.

II – Joint ventures

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has joint venture whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s share in profits or losses of its associates and joint ventures after acquisition is recognized in
the Consolidated statement of income. Its share of the changes in the share in other comprehensive income of corresponding stockholders’ equity of its associates and joint ventures is recognized in its own capital reserves. The cumulative
changes after acquisition are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. When the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s share of losses in an associates and joint ventures is equal to or more than the value of its interest, including any
other receivables, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not recognize additional losses, unless it has incurred any obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates and joint ventures.

Unrealized profits on transactions between ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of
the interest of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, unless the transaction provides evidence of impairment of the transferred asset. The accounting policies on associates and joint ventures entities are changed, as
necessary, to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

If its interest in the associates and joint
ventures decreases, but ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING retains significant influence or joint control, only the proportional amount of the previously recognized amounts in Other comprehensive income is reclassified in Income, when appropriate.

f)   Lessee operations

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING leases mainly real estate properties (underlying assets) to carry out its business activities. The initial
recognition occurs when the agreement is signed, in the heading Other Liabilities, which corresponds to the total future payments at present value as a contra entry to the Right-of-Use Assets, depreciated under the straight-line method for the lease
term and tested semiannually to identify possible impairment losses.

The financial expense corresponding to interest on lease liabilities
is recognized in the heading Interest and Similar Expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-26

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

g)   Fixed assets

Fixed assets are booked at their acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation, and adjusted for impairment, if applicable. Depreciation is
calculated on the straight-line method using rates based on the estimated useful lives of these assets. Such rates and other details are presented in Note 13.

The residual values and useful lives of assets are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of each period.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING reviews its assets in order to identify indications of impairment in their recoverable amounts. The recoverable
amount of an asset is defined as the higher of its fair value less the cost to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified
(cash-generating units). The assessment may be made at an individual asset level when the fair value less the cost to sell can be reliably determined.

Gains and losses on disposals of fixed assets are recognized in the Consolidated statement of income under Other income or General and
administrative expenses.

h)   Intangible assets

Intangible assets are non-physical assets, including software and other assets, and are initially recognized at cost. Intangible assets are
recognized when they arise from legal or contractual rights, their costs can be reliably measured, and in the case of intangible assets not arising from separate acquisitions or business combinations, it is probable that future economic benefits may
arise from their use. The balance of intangible assets refers to acquired assets or those internally generated.

Intangible assets may have
definite or indefinite useful lives. Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but periodically
tested in order to identify any impairment.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING semi-annually assesses its intangible assets in order to identify
whether any indications of impairment exist, as well as possible reversal of previous impairment losses. If such indications are found, intangible assets are tested for impairment. The recoverable amount of an asset is defined as the higher of its
fair value less the cost to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified (cash-generating units). The assessment may be made at an
individual asset level when the fair value less the cost to sell can be reliably determined.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the cost
model to measure its intangible assets after its initial recognition.

A breakdown of intangible assets is given in Note 14.

i)   Assets held for sale

Assets held for sale are recognized in the consolidated balance sheet under the line Other assets when they are actually repossessed or there
is intention to sell. These assets are initially recorded at the lower of: (i) the fair value of the asset less the estimated selling expenses, or (ii) the carrying amount of the related asset held for sale.

j)   Income tax and social contribution

There are two components of the provision for income tax and social contribution: current and deferred.

The current component is approximately the total of taxes to be paid or recovered during the reporting period.

Deferred income tax and social contribution, represented by deferred tax assets and liabilities, is obtained based on the differences between
the tax bases of assets and liabilities and the amounts reported in the financial statements at each year end.

The income tax and social
contribution expense is recognized in the Consolidated statement of income under Income tax and social contribution, except when it refers to items directly recognized in Other

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-27

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

comprehensive income, such as: tax on fair value of financial assets measured at fair value
through Other comprehensive income, post-employment benefits and tax on cash flow hedges and hedge of net investment in foreign operations. Subsequently, these items are recognized in income upon realization of the gain/loss on the instruments.

Changes in tax legislation and rates are recognized in the Consolidated statement of income in the period in which they are enacted. Interest
and fines are recognized in the Consolidated statement of income under General and administrative expenses.

To determine the proper level
of provisions for taxes to be maintained for uncertain tax positions, the approach applied, is that a tax benefit is recognized if it is more likely than not that a position can be sustained, under the assumptions for recognition, detailed in item
2.4 n.

k)   Insurance contracts and private pensions

Insurance contracts are contracts under which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING accepts a significant insurance risk of the counterparty, by
agreeing to compensate it if a specified uncertain future event adversely affects it. An insurance risk is significant only if the insurance event could cause ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING to pay significant additional benefits in any scenario, other
than those that do not have commercial substance. Additional benefits refer to amounts that exceed those that would be payable if no insured event occurred.

Upon its first-time adoption of the IFRS, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING decided not to change its accounting policies for insurance contracts,
which follow the accounting practices generally accepted in Brazil (“BRGAAP”).

Although investment agreements with discretionary
participation characteristics are financial instruments, they are treated as insurance contracts, as established by IFRS 4, as well as those transferring a significant financial risk.

Once a contract is classified as an insurance contract, it remains as such until the end of its life, even if the insurance risk is
significantly reduced during the period, unless all rights and obligations are extinguished or expire.

Note 27 provides a detailed
description of all products classified as insurance contracts.

Private pension plans

Contracts that provide for retirement benefits after an accumulation period (known as PGBL, VGBL and FGB) provide a guarantee, at the
commencement date of the contract, of the basis for calculating the retirement benefit (mortality table and minimum interest rates). The contracts specify the annuity rates and, therefore, the insurance risk is transferred to the issuer from the
start. These contracts are classified as insurance contracts.

Insurance premiums

Insurance premiums are recognized upon issue of an insurance policy or over the period of the contracts in proportion to the amount of the
insurance coverage.

If there is evidence of impairment losses with respect to receivables for insurance premiums, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING recognizes a provision, sufficient to cover this loss, based on a risk analysis of realization of insurance premiums receivable with installments overdue for over 60 days.

Reinsurance

In the
ordinary course of business, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING reinsures a portion of the risks underwritten, particularly property and casualty risks that exceed the maximum limits of responsibility that determine to be appropriate for each segment and
product (after a study which considers size, experience, special features, and the capital necessary to support these limits). These reinsurance agreements allow the recovery of a portion of the losses from the reinsurer, although they do not
release the insurer from the main obligation as direct insurer of the risks covered by the reinsurance.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-28

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING mainly holds non-proportional contracts, which transfer part of
responsibility to the reinsurance company for losses that will materialize after a certain level of claims in the portfolio. Reinsurance premiums of these contracts are accounted for under Other Assets, over the life of each contract.

If there is any evidence of impairment loss, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING recognizes a provision when the default period exceeds 180 days from
the registration of the request for fund of claims paid.

Acquisition costs

Acquisition costs include direct and indirect costs related to the origination of insurance. These costs are recorded directly in result as
incurred, except for deferred acquisition costs (commissions paid for brokerage services, agency and prospecting efforts), which are recorded proportionally to the recognition of premium revenues, i.e. over the term corresponding to the insurance
contract.

Insurance Contract Liabilities

Reserves for claims are established based on past experience, claims in process of payment, estimated amounts of claims incurred but not yet
reported, and other factors relevant to the required reserve levels.

Liability Adequacy Test

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING tests liability adequacy by adopting current actuarial assumptions for future cash flows of all insurance
contracts in force at the balance sheet date.

Should the analysis show insufficiency, any shortfall identified will immediately be
accounted for in income for the period.

The assumptions used to conduct the liability adequacy test are detailed in Note 27.

l)   Post-employments benefits

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING sponsors Defined Benefit Plans and Defined Contribution Plans, which are accounted for in accordance with IAS 19
– Benefits to Employees.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is required to make contributions to government social security and labor
indemnity plans, in Brazil and in other countries where it operates.

Pension plans - Defined benefit plans

The liability or asset, as the case may be, is recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet with respect to a defined benefit plan corresponds
to the present value of defined benefit obligations at the balance sheet date less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligations are calculated annually using the projected unit credit method.

Pension plans - Defined contribution

For defined contribution plans, contributions to plans made by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through pension plan funds, are recognized as
liabilities, with a counter-entry to expenses, when due. If contributions made exceed the liability for a service provided, it will be accounted for as an asset recognized at fair value, and any adjustments are recognized in Stockholders’
equity, under Other comprehensive income, in the period when they occur.

Other post-employment benefit obligations

Like defined benefit pension plans, these obligations are assessed annually by independent, qualified actuaries, and costs expected from these
benefits are accrued over the period of employment. Gains and losses arising from changes in practices and variations in actuarial assumptions are recognized in Stockholders’ equity, under Other comprehensive income, in the period in which they
occur.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-29

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

m)   Share-based payments

Share-based payments are booked for the value of equity instruments granted, which may be shares or stock options according to the plan, based
on their fair value at the grant date. This cost is recognized during the vesting period of the right to exercise the instruments.

The
total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments excluding the impact of any service commissions and fees and non-market performance vesting conditions (in particular when an employee remains with
the company for specific period of time).

n)   Provisions, contingent assets and contingent liabilities

Contingent assets and liabilities are possible rights and potential obligations arising from past events for which realization depends on
uncertain future events.

Contingent assets are not recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements, except when the Management of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING considers that realization is practically certain. In general they correspond to lawsuits with favorable outcomes in final and unappealable judgments and to the withdrawal of lawsuits as a result of a settlement payment
received or an agreement for set-off against an existing liability.

These contingencies are evaluated based on Management’s best
estimates, and are classified as:

•   Probable: in which liabilities are recognized in the consolidated balance sheet under Provisions;

•   Possible: which are disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements, but no provision is recorded;

•   Remote: which require neither a provision nor disclosure.

The amount of deposits in guarantee is adjusted in accordance with current legislation.

o)   Capital

Common and preferred shares, which for accounting purposes are equivalent to common shares but without voting rights are classified in
Stockholders’ equity. The additional costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are included in Stockholders’ equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of taxes.

p)   Treasury shares

Common and preferred shares repurchased are recorded in Stockholders’ equity under Treasury shares at their average purchase price.

Shares that are subsequently sold, such as those sold to grantees under our share-based payment scheme, are recorded as a reduction in treasury
shares, measured at the average price of treasury stock held at that date.

The difference between the sale price and the average price of
the treasury shares is recorded as a reduction or increase in Additional paid-in capital. The cancellation of treasury shares is recorded as a reduction in Treasury shares against Appropriated reserves, at the average price of treasury shares at the
cancellation date.

q)   Dividends and interest on capital

Minimum dividend amounts established in the bylaws are recorded as liabilities at the end of each year. Any other amount above the mandatory
minimum dividend is accounted for as a liability when approved by of the Board of Directors.

Interest on capital is treated for accounting
purposes as a dividend, and it is presented as a reduction of stockholders’ equity in the consolidated financial statements.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-30

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Dividends have been and continue to be calculated and paid on the basis of the financial
statements prepared under Brazilian accounting standards and regulations for financial institutions, not these Consolidated financial statements prepared according to the IFRS.

Dividends and interest on capital are presented in Note 19.

r)   Earnings per share

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING grants stock options whose dilutive effect is reflected in diluted earnings per share, with the application of the
“treasury stock method”. Whereby earnings per share are calculated as if all the stock options had been exercised and the proceeds used to purchase shares of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

Earnings per share are presented in Note 25.

s)   Segment information

Segment information disclosed is consistent with the internal reports prepared for the Executive Committee which makes the operational
decisions ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has three reportable segments: (i) Retail Banking
(ii) Wholesale Banking and (iii) Market + Corporation.

Segment information is presented in Note 30.

t)   Commissions and Banking Fees

Commissions and Banking Fees is recognized when ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING provides or offers services to customers, in an amount that
reflects the consideration ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING expects to collect in exchange for those services. A five-step model is applied to account for revenues: i) identification of the contract with a customer; ii) identification of the performance
obligations in the contract; iii) determination of the transaction price; iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and v) revenue recognition, when performance obligations agreed upon in agreements with
clients are met. Incremental costs and costs to fulfill agreements with clients are recognized as an expense as incurred.

The main
services provided by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are:

•   Credit and debit cards - refer mainly to fees charged by card issuers and acquirers for processing card
transactions; annuities charged for the availability and management of credit card; and the rental of Rede machines.

•   Current account services - substantially comprised of current account maintenance fees, according to each
service package granted to the customer; transfers carried through TED/DOC; withdrawals from demand deposit account and money order.

•   Economic, Financial and Brokerage Advisory - refer mainly to financial transaction structuring services;
placement of securities, and intermediation of operations on stock exchanges.

Service revenues related to credit, debit,
current account and economic, financial and brokerage advisory cards are recognized when said services are provided.

•   Funds management - refers to fees charged for the management and performance of investment funds and
consortia administration.

•   Credit operations and financial guarantees provided - refer mainly to advance depositor fees; asset
appraisal service; and commission on guarantees provided.

•   Collection services - refer to collection and charging services.

Revenue from certain services, such as fees from funds management, collection and custody, are recognized over the life of the respective
agreements, as services are provided.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-31

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 3 – Business development

Recovery do Brasil Consultoria S.A.

On December 31,
2015, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiary Itaú Unibanco S.A., (ITAÚ UNIBANCO), entered into an agreement for purchase and sale and other covenants with Banco BTG Pactual S.A. (BTG) and with Misben S.A. for acquisition
of 89.08% of interest in capital of Recovery do Brasil Consultoria S.A. (RECOVERY), corresponding to total interest of RECOVERY’s parties, for the amount of R$ 735. On July 7, 2016 an additional interest of 6.92% was acquired from
International Finance Corporation, for the amount of R$ 59, then holding 96% of its capital.

On May 26, 2020, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through
its subsidiary ITAÚ UNIBANCO, acquired from International Finance Corporation an additional interest of 4% for the amount of R$ 20.7, then holding 100% of capital of RECOVERY.

The effective acquisition and financial settlement occurred on May 28, 2020.

Acquisition of Zup I.T. Serviços em Tecnologia e Inovação S.A.

On October 31, 2019, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiary Redecard S.A. (REDE), entered into a purchase and sale agreement of 100% of the
capital of Zup I.T. Serviços em Tecnologia e Inovação S.A. (ZUP). The purchase will be carried out in three phases over four years. In the first phase, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING acquired 52.96% of ZUP’s total voting
capital for approximately R$ 293, then holding the company’s control. In the third year, after the operation is closed, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING will acquire an additional 19.6% interest; in the fourth year, the remaining interest, so as to
achieve 100% of ZUP’s capital.

Effective acquisitions and financial settlements occurred on March 31, 2020, after obtaining the regulatory
authorizations required.

Acquisition of non-controlling interest in Pravaler S.A.

On December 27, 2019, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiary ITAÚ UNIBANCO, increased its ownership interest in Pravaler S.A.
(PRAVALER), acquiring 43.07% of total capital social (corresponding to 75.71% of preferred shares and 28.65% of common shares) for the amount of R$ 330.9. PRAVALER, with head office in São Paulo, is the manager of the largest private college
loan program in Brazil, and it will continue operating independently from ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

PRAVALER is classified as an associate measured
under the equity method.

Effective acquisitions and financial settlements occurred on the same date, after obtaining the regulatory authorizations
required.

Reduction of non-controlling interest in XP Inc.

On November 29, 2019, there was a corporate reorganization of XP Investimentos S.A., in which the shareholders subscribed their respective shares of the
holding company XP Inc. (XP INC), keeping the percentages in total capital. After the initial public offering held on December 11, 2019 at Nasdaq in New York, the ownership interest of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING changed from 49.9% to 46.05%,
giving rise to a R$ 1,991 result in the primary subscription of XP Inc.

On November 26, 2020, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING disclosed that the Board
of Directors approved the partial spin-off of the investment in XP INC for a new company (XPart S.A.).

On December 2 and 17, 2020, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING sold 4.44% and 0.07%, respectively, of its investments in XP INC, through the public offering on the Nasdaq, giving rising to a result before taxes of R$ 3,996. Concurrently with the sales, XP INC completed a public offering
(follow-on) which resulted in the dilution of the interest held by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, which is now 41.00% of capital, giving rising to a result in XP INC primary subscription of R$ 545.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-32

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Acquisition of non-controlling interest in Ticket Serviços S.A.

On September 4, 2018, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiary ITAÚ UNIBANCO, entered into a strategic partnership with Edenred
Participações S.A. (EDENRED) in the benefits market for workers covered mainly by PAT, the Workers’ Meals Program. EDENRED is the parent company of Ticket Serviços S.A. (TICKET) in Brazil.

The strategic partnership enables ITAÚ UNIBANCO to add the benefits issued by TICKET to its current range of products and services for customers in the
wholesale, medium, micro and small company segments.

In addition, ITAÚ UNIBANCO made a minority investment of 11% in TICKET, through a capital
increase with contribution of (i) cash, equivalent to said interest in the company’s equity value, and (ii) right to exclusive distribution of Ticket Restaurante, Ticket Alimentação, Ticket Cultura and Ticket Transporte
products to the ITAÚ UNIBANCO legal entities base during the partnership term. TICKET will continue distributing its products through other commercial agreements and will continue under EDENRED’s control and management.

Effective acquisitions and financial settlements occurred on August 30, 2019, after obtaining the regulatory authorizations required.

Itaú CorpBanca

Itaú Corpbanca (ITAÚ
CORPBANCA) is controlled as of April 1
st
, 2016 by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. On the same date, ITAU UNIBANCO HOLDING entered into a shareholders’ agreement with Corp Group, which sets
forth, among others, the right of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and Corp Group to appoint members for the Board of Directors of ITAÚ CORPBANCA in accordance to their interests in capital stock, and this group of shareholders have the right to
appoint the majority of members of the Board of Directors of ITAÚ CORPBANCA and ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are be entitled to appoint the majority of members elected by this block.

On September 10, 2020, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiary ITB Holding Brasil Participações Ltda, indirectly acquired
additional ownership interest of 1.08% (5,558,780,153 shares) in the ITAÚ CORPBANCA’s capital for the amount of R$ 229, and now it holds 39.22%.

The effective acquisition and financial settlement occurred on September 14, 2020, after obtaining the regulatory authorizations.

Note 4 - Interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Current   Non-current   Total   Current   Non-current   Total
Securities purchased under agreements to
resell (1)   239,848   87   239,935   198,260   162   198,422
Collateral held   63,087   87   63,174   44,901   162   45,063
Collateral repledge   150,591   —   150,591   134,116   —   134,116
Assets received as collateral with right to sell or repledge   20,367   —   20,367   6,644   —   6,644
Assets received as collateral without right to sell or repledge   130,224   —   130,224   127,472   —   127,472
Collateral sold   26,170   —   26,170   19,243   —   19,243
Interbank deposits   48,586   7,051   55,637   31,075   3,506   34,581
Total (2)   288,434   7,138   295,572   229,335   3,668   233,003

(1)   The amounts of R$ 11,119 (R$ 8,544 at 12/31/2019) are pledged in guarantee of operations on B3 S.A. -
Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão (B3) and Central Bank of Brazil and the amounts of R$ 176,760 (R$ 153,359 at 12/31/2019) are pledged in guarantee of repurchase commitment transactions.

(2)   Includes losses in the amounts of R$ (56) (R$ (8) at 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-33

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 5 – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and designated at fair value through
profit or loss—Securities

a)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss—Securities are presented in the following table:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Cost   Adjustments to Fair Value (in Income) (2)   Fair value   Cost   Adjustments to Fair Value (in Income)   Fair value
Investment funds   15,407   (1,203   )   14,204   9,277   (1,010   )   8,267
Brazilian government securities (1a)   284,280   1,605   285,885   218,548   1,063   219,611
Government securities – abroad (1b)   8,199   11   8,210   1,541   (21   )   1,520
Argentina   1,480   18   1,498   349   (31   )   318
Chile   839   1   840   487   1   488
Colombia   3,599   4   3,603   399   10   409
United States   2,096   (11   )   2,085   141   —   141
Mexico   5   —   5   57   —   57
Paraguay   3   —   3   2   —   2
Peru   4   1   5   8   —   8
Uruguay   40   1   41   98   (1   )   97
Italy   133   (3   )   130   —   —   —
Corporate securities (1c)   78,113   (1,081   )   77,032   51,744   (1,102   )   50,642
Shares   20,063   (1,016   )   19,047   15,459   (822   )   14,637
Rural product note   2,371   (22   )   2,349   —   —   —
Bank deposit certificates   729   —   729   792   —   792
Real estate receivables certificates   561   (13   )   548   1,414   30   1,444
Debentures   30,022   (85   )   29,937   12,958   (303   )   12,655
Eurobonds and other   2,341   42   2,383   2,178   (5   )   2,173
Financial bills   15,784   (1   )   15,783   18,517   (3   )   18,514
Promissory notes   5,588   28   5,616   313   —   313
Other   654   (14   )   640   113   1   114
Total   385,999   (668   )   385,331   281,110   (1,070   )   280,040

(1)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Securities pledged as Guarantee of Funding of
Financial Institutions and Customers were: a) R$ 12,181 (R$ 28,759 at 12/31/2019), b) R$ 765 (R$ 329 at 12/31/2019) and c) R$ 8,556 (R$ 104 at 12/31/2019), totaling R$ 21,502 (R$ 29,192 at 12/31/2019).

(2)   In the period, the result of Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets (particularly private securities)
had their amounts affected by oscillations of rates and other market variables arising from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the macroeconomic scenario in the period (Note 33a).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-34

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

The cost and fair value per maturity of Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss - Securities
were as follows:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Cost   Fair value   Cost   Fair value
Current   152,413   150,298   82,183   80,372
Non-stated maturity   35,470   33,251   24,736   22,904
Up to one year   116,943   117,047   57,447   57,468
Non-current   233,586   235,033   198,927   199,668
From one to five years   175,530   176,651   136,727   137,186
From five to ten years   37,783   37,600   41,744   41,759
After ten years   20,273   20,782   20,456   20,723
Total   385,999   385,331   281,110   280,040

Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss - Securities include assets with a fair value of R$ 205,820 (R$ 204,530
at 12/31/2019) that belong to investment funds wholly owned by Itaú Vida e Previdência S.A.. The return of those assets (positive or negative) is fully transferred to customers of our PGBL and VGBL private pension plans whose premiums
(net of fees) are used by our subsidiary to purchase quotas of those investment funds.

b)
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit
or loss - Securities are presented in the following table:

12/31/2020
Cost   Adjustments to Fair Value (in Income)   Fair value
Brazilian external debt bonds   3,699   41   3,740
Total   3,699   41   3,740

12/31/2019
Cost   Adjustments to Fair Value (in Income)   Fair value
Brazilian external debt bonds   1,016   19   1,035
Total   1,016   19   1,035

The cost and fair value by maturity of financial assets designated as fair value through profit or loss - Securities were as
follows:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Cost   Fair value   Cost   Fair value
Current   1,806   1,826   592   609
Up to one year   1,806   1,826   592   609
Non-current   1,893   1,914   424   426
From one to five years   1,893   1,914   424   426
Total   3,699   3,740   1,016   1,035

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-35

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 6 – Derivatives

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING trades in derivative financial instruments with various counterparties to manage its overall exposures and to assist its customers
in managing their own exposures.

Futures
– Interest rate and foreign currency futures contracts are commitments to buy or sell a financial
instrument at a future date, at an agreed price or yield, and may be settled in cash or through delivery. The notional amount represents the face value of the underlying instrument. Commodity futures contracts or financial instruments are
commitments to buy or sell commodities (mainly gold, coffee and orange juice) at a future date, at an agreed price, which are settled in cash. The notional amount represents the quantity of such commodities multiplied by the future price on the
contract date. Daily cash settlements of price movements are made for all instruments.

Forwards
– Interest rate forward contracts are
agreements to exchange payments on a specified future date, based on the variation in market interest rates from trade date to contract settlement date. Foreign exchange forward contracts represent agreements to exchange the currency of one country
for the currency of another at an agreed price, on an agreed settlement date. Financial instrument forward contracts are commitments to buy or sell a financial instrument on a future date at an agreed price and are settled in cash.

Swaps
– Interest rate and foreign exchange swap contracts are commitments to settle in cash on a future date or dates the differentials between
specific financial indices (either two different interest rates in a single currency or two different rates each in a different currency), as applied to a notional principal amount. Swap contracts shown under Other in the table below correspond
substantially to inflation rate swap contracts.

Options
– Option contracts give the purchaser, for a fee, the right, but not the obligation,
to buy or sell a financial instrument within a limited time, including a flow of interest, foreign currencies, commodities, or financial instruments at an agreed price that may also be settled in cash, based on the differential between specific
indices.

Credit Derivatives
– Credit derivatives are financial instruments with value deriving from the credit risk on debt issued by a third
party (the reference entity), which permits one party (the buyer of the hedge) to transfer the risk to the counterparty (the seller of the hedge). The seller of the hedge must pay out as provided for in the contract if the reference entity undergoes
a credit event, such as bankruptcy, default or debt restructuring. The seller of the hedge receives a premium for the hedge but, on the other hand, assumes the risk that the underlying instrument referenced in the contract undergoes a credit event,
and the seller may have to make payment to the purchaser of the hedge for up to the notional amount of the credit derivative.

The total value of margins
pledged in guarantee by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING was R$ 18,000 (R$ 15,823 at 12/31/2019) and was basically comprised of government securities.

Further information on internal controls and parameters used to management risks, may be found in Note 32 – Risk and Capital Management.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-36

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

I - Derivatives Summary

See below the composition of the Derivative financial instruments portfolio (assets and liabilities) by type of instrument, stated fair value and maturity
date.

12/31/2020
Fair value (*)   %   0-30   31-90   91-180   181-365   366-720   Over 720 days
Assets
Swaps – adjustment receivable   46,019   60.2   4,064   515   629   1,808   5,117   33,886
Option agreements   20,418   26.7   10,103   2,325   523   5,935   992   540
Forwards (onshore)   2,085   2.7   1,323   367   297   93   5   —
Credit derivatives   156   0.2   —   —   8   7   29   112
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   7,596   9.9   2,088   2,345   1,387   1,255   323   198
Other Derivative Financial Instruments   230   0.3   56   1   6   1   12   154
Total   76,504   100.0   17,634   5,553   2,850   9,099   6,478   34,890
% per maturity date   23.0   7.3   3.7   11.9   8.5   45.6

12/31/2020
Fair value (*)   %   0-30   31-90   91-180   181-365   366-720   Over 720 days
Liabilities
Swaps – adjustment payable   (51,789   )   65.1   (7,344   )   (651   )   (1,135   )   (1,826   )   (5,573   )   (35,260   )
Option agreements   (20,262   )   25.5   (6,355   )   (1,969   )   (543   )   (9,869   )   (998   )   (528   )
Forwards (onshore)   (905   )   1.1   (892   )   —   (11   )   (2   )   —   —
Credit derivatives   (76   )   0.1   —   —   —   (2   )   (9   )   (65   )
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   (6,426   )   8.1   (2,200   )   (1,669   )   (1,013   )   (972   )   (301   )   (271   )
Other Derivative Financial Instruments   (47   )   0.1   —   (1   )   (10   )   (1   )   (14   )   (21   )
Total   (79,505   )   100.0   (16,791   )   (4,290   )   (2,712   )   (12,672   )   (6,895   )   (36,145   )
% per maturity date   21.1   5.4   3.4   15.9   8.7   45.5

(*)   In the period, the result of Derivative had its amounts affected by oscillations of rates and other market
variables arising from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the macroeconomic scenario in the period (Note 33a).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-37

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

See below the composition of the Derivative financial instruments portfolio (assets and liabilities) by type
of instrument, stated fair value and maturity date.

12/31/2019
Fair value   %   0-30   31-90   91-180   181-365   366-720   Over 720 days
Assets
Swaps – adjustment receivable   26,458   63.2   107   1,807   564   1,668   4,464   17,848
Option agreements   8,456   20.2   4,696   1,963   354   726   500   217
Forwards (onshore)   2,162   5.2   940   636   484   87   15   —
Credit derivatives   167   0.4   —   —   5   3   23   136
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   4,446   10.6   1,251   1,314   787   561   347   186
Other Derivative Financial Instruments   165   0.4   4   —   —   —   6   155
Total   41,854   100.0   6,998   5,720   2,194   3,045   5,355   18,542
% per maturity date   16.7   13.7   5.2   7.3   12.8   44.3

12/31/2019
Fair value   %   0-30   31-90   91-180   181-365   366-720   Over 720 days
Liabilities
Swaps – adjustment payable   (32,927   )   68.8   (326   )   (2,557   )   (898   )   (1,763   )   (8,349   )   (19,034   )
Option agreements   (9,061   )   18.9   (3,668   )   (3,494   )   (383   )   (690   )   (571   )   (255   )
Forwards (onshore)   (754   )   1.6   (753   )   —   —   (1   )   —   —
Credit derivatives   (40   )   0.1   —   —   —   (1   )   (3   )   (36   )
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   (4,971   )   10.4   (1,891   )   (1,108   )   (657   )   (637   )   (526   )   (152   )
Other Derivative Financial Instruments   (75   )   0.2   (15   )   (1   )   (2   )   (4   )   (9   )   (44   )
Total   (47,828   )   100.0   (6,653   )   (7,160   )   (1,940   )   (3,096   )   (9,458   )   (19,521   )
% per maturity date   13.9   15.0   4.1   6.5   19.7   40.8

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-38

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

II - Derivatives by index and Risk Fator

Off-balance sheet notional amount   Balance sheet account receivable / (received) (payable) / paid   Adjustment to fair value (in income / stockholders’ equity)   Fair value
12/31/2020   12/31/2020   12/31/2020   12/31/2020
Future contracts   781,453   —   —   —
Purchase commitments   338,165   —   —   —
Shares   8,300   —   —   —
Commodities   1,170   —   —   —
Interest   304,454   —   —   —
Foreign currency   24,241   —   —   —
Commitments to sell   443,288   —   —   —
Shares   7,535   —   —   —
Commodities   2,201   —   —   —
Interest   397,157   —   —   —
Foreign currency   36,395   —   —   —
Swap contracts   (6,054   )   284   (5,770   )
Asset position   1,442,449   16,840   29,179   46,019
Commodities   278   1   —   1
Interest   1,423,134   14,030   27,953   41,983
Foreign currency   19,037   2,809   1,226   4,035
Liability position   1,442,449   (22,894   )   (28,895   )   (51,789   )
Shares   108   (12   )   2   (10   )
Commodities   341   (9   )   —   (9   )
Interest   1,425,904   (19,112   )   (28,584   )   (47,696   )
Foreign currency   16,096   (3,761   )   (313   )   (4,074   )
Option contracts   1,738,849   22   134   156
Purchase commitments – long position   131,134   14,538   1,828   16,366
Shares   12,400   345   976   1,321
Commodities   356   14   13   27
Interest   50,771   614   (282   )   332
Foreign currency   67,607   13,565   1,121   14,686
Commitments to sell – long position   743,573   2,933   1,119   4,052
Shares   14,659   728   62   790
Commodities   75   2   (1   )   1
Interest   659,826   1,087   1,373   2,460
Foreign currency   69,013   1,116   (315   )   801
Purchase commitments – short position   129,150   (13,934   )   (1,797   )   (15,731   )
Shares   13,080   (348   )   (1,119   )   (1,467   )
Commodities   899   (28   )   (18   )   (46   )
Interest   55,369   (532   )   318   (214   )
Foreign currency   59,802   (13,026   )   (978   )   (14,004   )
Commitments to sell – short position   734,992   (3,515   )   (1,016   )   (4,531   )
Shares   13,200   (524   )   (156   )   (680   )
Commodities   246   (10   )   6   (4   )
Interest   653,376   (978   )   (1,317   )   (2,295   )
Foreign currency   68,170   (2,003   )   451   (1,552   )
Forward operations (onshore)   23,989   1,195   (15   )   1,180
Purchases receivable   18,666   1,014   (3   )   1,011
Shares   304   304   (3   )   301
Interest   584   710   —   710
Foreign currency   17,778   —   —   —
Purchases payable obligations   —   (584   )   —   (584   )
Interest   —   (584   )   —   (584   )
Sales receivable   1,132   1,073   1   1,074
Shares   770   765   1   766
Interest   —   308   —   308
Foreign currency   362   —   —   —
Sales deliverable obligations   4,191   (308   )   (13   )   (321   )
Interest   308   (308   )   —   (308   )
Foreign currency   3,883   —   (13   )   (13   )
Credit derivatives   20,060   (432   )   512   80
Asset position   15,877   (270   )   426   156
Shares   2,796   (84   )   172   88
Commodities   19   —   1   1
Interest   13,062   (186   )   253   67
Liability position   4,183   (162   )   86   (76   )
Shares   1,154   (45   )   11   (34   )
Commodities   3   —   —   —
Interest   3,026   (117   )   75   (42   )
NDF – Non Deliverable Forward   313,463   1,214   (44   )   1,170
Asset position   156,542   7,467   129   7,596
Commodities   1,715   278   (16   )   262
Foreign currency   154,827   7,189   145   7,334
Liability position   156,921   (6,253   )   (173   )   (6,426   )
Commodities   975   (37   )   (1   )   (38   )
Foreign currency   155,946   (6,216   )   (172   )   (6,388   )
Other derivative financial instruments   6,413   181   2   183
Asset position   5,274   196   34   230
Shares   47   (3   )   3   —
Interest   5,225   199   (26   )   173
Foreign currency   2   —   57   57
Liability position   1,139   (15   )   (32   )   (47   )
Shares   705   (6   )   (22   )   (28   )
Interest   434   (9   )   (10   )   (19   )
Asset   43,791   32,713   76,504
Liability   (47,665   )   (31,840   )   (79,505   )
Total   (3,874   )   873   (3,001   )

Derivative contracts mature as follows (in days):

Off-balance sheet – notional amount   0 - 30   31 - 180   181 - 365   Over 365 days   12/31/2020
Future contracts   305,076   242,842   108,338   125,197   781,453
Swap contracts   272,932   123,360   118,617   927,540   1,442,449
Option contracts   1,012,965   216,425   250,966   258,493   1,738,849
Forwards (onshore)   19,013   3,999   972   5   23,989
Credit derivatives   —   8,515   804   10,741   20,060
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   131,205   124,470   38,006   19,782   313,463
Other derivative financial instruments   15   709   279   5,410   6,413

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-39

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Off-balance sheet notional amount   Balance sheet account receivable / (received) (payable) / paid   Adjustment to fair value (in income / stockholders’ equity)   Fair value
12/31/2019   12/31/2019   12/31/2019   12/31/2019
Future contracts   664,884   —   —   —
Purchase commitments   325,468   —   —   —
Shares   1,084   —   —   —
Commodities   76   —   —   —
Interest   301,898   —   —   —
Foreign currency   22,410   —   —   —
Commitments to sell   339,416   —   —   —
Shares   1,163   —   —   —
Commodities   1,049   —   —   —
Interest   308,824   —   —   —
Foreign currency   28,380   —   —   —
Swap contracts   (5,267   )   (1,202   )   (6,469   )
Asset position   1,094,378   5,566   20,892   26,458
Commodities   574   —   9   9
Interest   1,075,534   4,596   19,813   24,409
Foreign currency   18,270   970   1,070   2,040
Liability position   1,094,378   (10,833   )   (22,094   )   (32,927   )
Shares   49   (9   )   —   (9   )
Commodities   855   —   (12   )   (12   )
Interest   1,068,660   (9,383   )   (21,855   )   (31,238   )
Foreign currency   24,814   (1,441   )   (227   )   (1,668   )
Option contracts   1,720,205   (546   )   (59   )   (605   )
Purchase commitments – long position   245,824   6,191   (6   )   6,185
Shares   11,513   256   515   771
Commodities   268   7   10   17
Interest   188,110   465   (331   )   134
Foreign currency   45,933   5,463   (200   )   5,263
Commitments to sell – long position   626,187   1,667   604   2,271
Shares   12,294   396   (40   )   356
Commodities   228   5   (2   )   3
Interest   568,442   513   887   1,400
Foreign currency   45,223   753   (241   )   512
Purchase commitments – short position   172,703   (6,671   )   (19   )   (6,690   )
Shares   6,312   (180   )   (451   )   (631   )
Commodities   235   (10   )   (8   )   (18   )
Interest   129,647   (412   )   329   (83   )
Foreign currency   36,509   (6,069   )   111   (5,958   )
Commitments to sell – short position   675,491   (1,733   )   (638   )   (2,371   )
Shares   11,152   (269   )   (37   )   (306   )
Commodities   485   (11   )   —   (11   )
Interest   621,405   (428   )   (888   )   (1,316   )
Foreign currency   42,449   (1,025   )   287   (738   )
Forward operations (onshore)   5,134   1,412   (4   )   1,408
Purchases receivable   668   796   (6   )   790
Shares   488   488   (6   )   482
Interest   160   308   —   308
Foreign currency   20   —   —   —
Purchases payable obligations   660   (160   )   —   (160   )
Interest   —   (160   )   —   (160   )
Foreign currency   660   —   —   —
Sales receivable   1,653   1,368   4   1,372
Shares   786   776   3   779
Interest   —   592   1   593
Foreign currency   867   —   —   —
Sales deliverable obligations   2,153   (592   )   (2   )   (594   )
Interest   592   (592   )   (1   )   (593   )
Foreign currency   1,561   —   (1   )   (1   )
Credit derivatives   12,739   (236   )   363   127
Asset position   9,878   (165   )   332   167
Shares   2,307   (81   )   215   134
Commodities   27   (1   )   3   2
Interest   7,423   (87   )   114   27
Foreign currency   121   4   —   4
Liability position   2,861   (71   )   31   (40   )
Shares   719   (28   )   8   (20   )
Commodities   2   —   —   —
Interest   2,140   (43   )   23   (20   )
NDF – Non Deliverable Forward   295,508   (552   )   27   (525   )
Asset position   138,772   4,239   207   4,446
Commodities   570   34   (1   )   33
Foreign currency   138,202   4,205   208   4,413
Liability position   156,736   (4,791   )   (180   )   (4,971   )
Commodities   316   (10   )   (1   )   (11   )
Foreign currency   156,420   (4,781   )   (179   )   (4,960   )
Other derivative financial instruments   6,581   216   (126   )   90
Asset position   5,428   226   (61   )   165
Interest   5,428   226   (65   )   161
Foreign currency   —   —   4   4
Liability position   1,153   (10   )   (65   )   (75   )
Shares   695   2   (41   )   (39   )
Interest   458   (12   )   (6   )   (18   )
Foreign currency   —   —   (18   )   (18   )
Asset   19,888   21,966   41,854
Liability   (24,861   )   (22,967   )   (47,828   )
Total   (4,973   )   (1,001   )   (5,974   )

Derivative contracts mature as follows (in days):

Off-balance sheet – notional amount   0 - 30   31 - 180   181 - 365   Over 365 days   12/31/2019
Future contracts   196,055   238,485   87,747   142,597   664,884
Swap contracts   24,094   204,065   103,013   763,206   1,094,378
Option contracts   988,793   320,300   258,488   152,624   1,720,205
Forwards (onshore)   953   2,514   1,651   16   5,134
Credit derivatives   —   4,746   733   7,260   12,739
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   105,809   129,278   38,851   21,570   295,508
Other derivative financial instruments   12   786   320   5,463   6,581

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-40

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

III - Derivatives by notional amount

See below the composition of the Derivative Financial Instruments portfolio by type of instrument, stated at their notional amounts, per trading location
(organized or over-the-counter market) and counterparties.

12/31/2020
Future contracts   Swap contracts   Option contracts   Forwards (onshore)   Credit derivatives   NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   Other derivative financial instruments
Stock exchange   781,453   835,744   1,617,643   23,097   3,743   67,887   —
Over-the-counter market   —   606,705   121,206   892   16,317   245,576   6,413
Financial institutions   —   531,303   84,865   892   16,317   124,124   5,140
Companies   —   69,337   35,021   —   —   120,476   1,273
Individuals   —   6,065   1,320   —   —   976   —
Total   781,453   1,442,449   1,738,849   23,989   20,060   313,463   6,413

12/31/2019
Future contracts   Swap contracts   Option contracts   Forwards (onshore)   Credit derivatives   NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   Other derivative financial instruments
Stock exchange   664,884   595,221   1,624,988   4,381   61   69,463   —
Over-the-counter market   —   499,157   95,217   753   12,678   226,045   6,581
Financial institutions   —   398,585   66,291   292   12,678   125,550   5,340
Companies   —   69,185   28,511   461   —   99,151   1,241
Individuals   —   31,387   415   —   —   1,344   —
Total   664,884   1,094,378   1,720,205   5,134   12,739   295,508   6,581

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-41

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

IV - Credit derivatives

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING buys and sells credit protection in order to meet the needs of its customers, management and mitigation of its portfolios’
risk.

CDS (credit default swap) is a credit derivative in which, upon a default related to the reference entity, the protection buyer is entitled to
receive, the amount equivalent to the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value of the liability on the date the contract was settled, also known as the recovered amount. The protection buyer does not need to hold the
debt instrument of the reference entity for it to receive the amounts due pursuant to the CDS contract terms when a credit event occurs.

TRS (total
return swap) is a transaction in which a party swaps the total return of an asset or of a basket of assets for regular cash flows, usually interest and a guarantee against capital loss. In a TRS contract, the parties do not transfer the ownership of
the assets.

12/31/2020
Maximum potential of future payments, gross   Up to 1 year   From 1 to 3 years   From 3 to 5 years   Over 5 years
By instrument
CDS   8,501   1,181   3,928   3,372   20
TRS   7,854   7,854   —   —   —
Total by instrument   16,355   9,035   3,928   3,372   20
By risk rating
Investment grade   752   296   372   84   —
Below investment grade   15,603   8,739   3,556   3,288   20
Total by risk   16,355   9,035   3,928   3,372   20
By reference entity
Brazilian government   12,433   8,255   1,627   2,551   —
Governments – abroad   243   66   122   55   —
Private entities   3,679   714   2,179   766   20
Total by entity   16,355   9,035   3,928   3,372   20

12/31/2019
Maximum potential of future payments, gross   Up to 1 year   From 1 to 3 years   From 3 to 5 years   Over 5 years
By instrument
CDS   6,283   1,013   2,675   2,539   56
TRS   4,161   4,161   —   —   —
Total by instrument   10,444   5,174   2,675   2,539   56
By risk rating
Investment grade   1,049   135   602   312   —
Below investment grade   9,395   5,039   2,073   2,227   56
Total by risk   10,444   5,174   2,675   2,539   56
By reference entity
Brazilian government   7,301   4,921   1,117   1,263   —
Governments – abroad   200   34   88   78   —
Private entities   2,943   219   1,470   1,198   56
Total by entity   10,444   5,174   2,675   2,539   56

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING assesses the risk of a credit derivative based on the credit ratings attributed to the reference
entity by independent credit rating agencies. Investment grade entities are those for which credit risk is rated as Baa3 or higher, as rated by Moody’s, and BBB- or higher, by Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings.

The following table presents the notional amount of credit derivatives purchased. The underlying amounts are identical to those for which ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING has sold credit protection.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-42

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

12/31/2020
Notional amount of credit protection sold   Notional amount of credit protection purchased with identical underlying amount   Net position
CDS   (8,501   )   3,705   (4,796   )
TRS   (7,854   )   —   (7,854   )
Total   (16,355   )   3,705   (12,650   )

12/31/2019
Notional amount of credit protection sold   Notional amount of credit protection purchased with identical underlying amount   Net position
CDS   (6,283   )   2,295   (3,988   )
TRS   (4,161   )   —   (4,161   )
Total   (10,444   )   2,295   (8,149   )

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-43

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

V - Financial instruments subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar
agreements

The following tables set forth the financial assets and liabilities that are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements
and similar agreements, as well as how these financial assets and liabilities have been presented in ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s consolidated financial statements. These tables also reflect the amounts of collateral pledged or received in
relation to financial assets and liabilities subject to enforceable arrangements that have not been presented on a net basis in accordance with IAS 32.

Financial assets subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements:

12/31/2020
Gross amount of recognized financial assets (1)   Gross amount offset in the Balance Sheet   Net amount of financial assets presented in the Balance Sheet   Related amounts not offset in the Balance Sheet (2)
Financial instruments (3)   Cash collateral received   Total
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   239,935   —   239,935   (1,657   )   —   238,278
Derivatives financial instruments   76,504   —   76,504   (15,621   )   —   60,883

12/31/2019
Gross amount of recognized financial assets (1)   Gross amount offset in the Balance Sheet   Net amount of financial assets presented in the Balance Sheet   Related amounts not offset in the Balance Sheet (2)
Financial instruments (3)   Cash collateral received   Total
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   198,422   —   198,422   (596   )   —   197,826
Derivatives financial instruments   41,854   —   41,854   (14,121   )   —   27,733

Financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements:

12/31/2020
Gross amount of recognized financial liabilities (1)   Gross amount offset in the Balance Sheet   Net amount of financial liabilities presented in the Balance Sheet   Related amounts not offset in the Balance Sheet (2)
Financial instruments (3)   Cash collateral pledged   Total
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   273,364   —   273,364   (42,161   )   —   231,203
Derivatives financial instruments   79,505   —   79,505   (15,621   )   (574   )   63,310

12/31/2019
Gross amount of recognized financial liabilities (1)   Gross amount offset in the Balance Sheet   Net amount of financial liabilities presented in the Balance Sheet   Related amounts not offset in the Balance Sheet (2)
Financial instruments (3)   Cash collateral pledged   Total
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   256,583   —   256,583   (23,509   )   —   233,074
Derivatives financial instruments   47,828   —   47,828   (14,121   )   (148   )   33,559

(1)   Includes amounts of master offset agreements and other such agreements, both enforceable and unenforceable.

(2)   Limited to amounts subject to enforceable master offset agreements and other such agreements.

(3)   Includes amounts subject to enforceable master offset agreements and other such agreements, and guarantees
in financial instruments.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset in the balance sheet only when there is a legally
enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Derivatives financial instruments and repurchased agreements not set off in the balance sheet relate to transactions in which there are enforceable master
netting agreements or similar agreements, but the offset criteria have not been met in accordance with paragraph 42 of IAS 32 mainly because ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has no intention to settle on a net basis, or realize the asset and settle the
liability simultaneously.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-44

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 7 – Hedge accounting

There are three types of hedge relations: Fair value hedge, Cash flow hedge and Hedge of net investment in foreign operations.

In hedge accounting, the groups of risk factors measured by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are:

•   Interest Rate: Risk of loss in transactions subject to interest rate variations;

•   Currency: Risk of loss in transactions subject to foreign exchange variation.

The structure of risk limits is extended to the risk factor level, where specific limits aim at improving the monitoring and understanding process, as well as
avoiding concentration of these risks.

The structures designed for interest rate and exchange rate categories take into account total risk when there are
compatible hedging instruments. In certain cases, management may decide to hedge a risk for the risk factor term and limit of the hedging instrument.

The
other risk factors hedged by the institution are shown in Note 32.

To protect cash flows and fair value of instruments designated as hedged items,
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses derivative financial instruments and financial assets. Currently, Futures Contracts, Options, NDF (non deliverable forwards), Forwards, Swaps and Financial Assets are used.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING manages risks through the economic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, where the expectation is that these
instruments will move in opposite directions and in the same proportion, with the purpose of neutralizing risk factors.

The designated coverage ratio is
always 100% of the risk factor eligible for coverage. Sources of ineffectiveness are in general related to the counterparty’s credit risk and possible mismatches of terms between the hedging instrument and the hedged item.

a) Cash flow hedge

The cash flow hedge strategies of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING consist of hedging exposure to variations in cash flows, in interest payment and currency exposure which are attributable to changes in interest rates on recognized and unrecognized assets and liabilities.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING applies cash flow hedge strategies as follows:

Interest rate risks:

•   Hedge of time deposits and repurchase agreements: to hedge fluctuations in cash flows of interest payments
resulting from changes in the DI interest rate, through futures contracts;

•   Hedge of asset transactions: to hedge fluctuations in cash flows of interest receipts resulting from changes in
the DI rate, through futures contracts;

•   Hedge of assets denominated in UF*: to hedge fluctuations in cash flows of interest receipts resulting from
changes in the UF*, through swap contracts;

•   Hedge of Funding: to hedge fluctuations in cash flows of interest payments resulting from changes in the TPM*
rate, through swap contracts;

•   Hedge of loan operations: to hedge fluctuations in cash flows of interest receipts resulting from changes in the
TPM* rate , through swap contracts;

•   Hedge of repurchase agreements: to hedge fluctuations in cash flows of interest received from changes in Selic
(benchmark interest rate), through futures contracts;

•   Hedging of expected highly probable transactions: to hedge the risk of variation in the amount of the commitments
assumed when resulting from variation in the exchange rates.

*UF   – Chilean unit of account / TPM – Monetary policy rate

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not use the qualitative method to evaluate the effectiveness or to measure the ineffectiveness of these strategies.

For cash flow hedge strategies, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the hypothetical derivative method. This method is based on a comparison of the change in
the fair value of a hypothetical derivative with terms identical to the critical terms of the variable-rate liability, and this change in the fair value is considered a proxy of the present value of the cumulative change in the future cash flow
expected for the hedged liability.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-45

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

12/31/2020
Hedged item   Hedge instrument
Book Value   Variation in value recognized in Other   Cash flow hedge   Notional   Variation in fair value used to calculate hedge
Strategies   Heading   Assets   Liabilities   comprehensive income   reserve   Amount   ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
Hedge of deposits and repurchase agreements   Securities purchased under agreements to resell   —   103,407   (2,423   )   (2,458   )   103,407   (2,429   )
Hedge of assets transactions   Loans and lease operations and Securities   5,673   —   66   66   5,743   66
Hedge of asset-backed securities under repurchase agreements   Securities purchased under agreements to resell   29,533   —   697   697   31,417   699
Hedge of loan operations   Loans and lease operations   327   —   12   12   316   15
Hedge of funding   Deposits   —   2,007   (10   )   (10   )   1,996   (11   )
Hedge of assets denominated in UF   Securities   16,674   —   (4   )   (4   )   16,677   (1   )
Foreign exchange risk
Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions   1,314   —   (105   )   148   1,314   (105   )
Total   53,521   105,414   (1,767   )   (1,549   )   160,870   (1,766   )

12/31/2019
Hedged item   Hedge instrument
Book Value   Variation in value recognized in Other   Cash flow hedge   Notional   Variation in fair value used to calculate hedge
Strategies   Heading   Assets   Liabilities   comprehensive income   reserve   Amount   ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
Hedge of deposits and repurchase agreements   Securities purchased under agreements to resell   —   24,543   (2,808   )   (3,310   )   24,543   (2,814   )
Hedge of assets transactions   Loans and lease operations and Securities   5,564   —   91   91   5,656   91
Hedge of asset-backed securities under repurchase agreements   Securities purchased under agreements to resell   30,896   —   520   520   32,130   523
Hedge of loan operations   Loans and lease operations   269   —   12   12   257   14
Hedge of funding   Deposits   —   4,617   (27   )   (22   )   4,590   (27   )
Hedge of assets denominated in UF   Securities   12,588   —   6   6   12,582   5
Foreign exchange risk
Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions   294   —   (11   )   179   294   (11   )
Total   49,611   29,160   (2,217   )   (2,524   )   80,052   (2,219   )

For strategies of deposits and repurchase agreements to resell, asset transactions and asset-backed securities under repurchase
agreements, the entity frequently reestablishes the coverage ratio, since both the hedged item and the instruments change over time. This occurs because they are portfolio strategies that reflect the risk management strategy guidelines approved in
the proper authority level.

The remaining balance in the reserve of cash flow hedge for which the hedge accounting is no longer applied is R$ 218 (R$
(307) at 12/31/2019).

12/31/2020
Notional   Book Value (*)   Variations in fair value used to calculate hedge   Variation in value recognized in Other comprehensive   Hedge ineffectiveness recognized in   Amount reclassified from Cash flow hedge
Hedge Instruments   amount   Assets   Liabilities   ineffectiveness   income   income   reserve to income
Interest rate risk
Futures   140,567   146   —   (1,664   )   (1,660   )   (4   )   (381   )
Swap   18,989   2,007   17,006   3   (2   )   5   —
Foreign exchange risk
Futures   1,314   5   298   (105   )   (105   )   —   —
Total   160,870   2,158   17,304   (1,766   )   (1,767   )   1   (381   )

12/31/2019
Notional   Book Value (*)   Variations in fair value used to calculate hedge   Variation in value recognized in Other comprehensive   Hedge ineffectiveness recognized in   Amount reclassified from Cash flow hedge
Hedge Instruments   amount   Assets   Liabilities   ineffectiveness   income   income   reserve to income
Interest rate risk
Futures   62,329   —   14   (2,200   )   (2,197   )   (3   )   (762   )
Swap   17,429   4,617   12,858   (8   )   (9   )   1   —
Foreign exchange risk
Futures   294   —   156   (11   )   (11   )   —   —
Total   80,052   4,617   13,028   (2,219   )   (2,217   )   (2   )   (762   )

(*)   Amounts recorded under heading Derivatives.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-46

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

b) Hedge of net investment in foreign operations

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s strategies for net investments in foreign operations consist of hedging the exposure in the functional currency of the
foreign operation against the functional currency of head office.

The risk hedged in this type of strategy is the currency risk.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not use the qualitative method to evaluate the effectiveness or to measure the ineffectiveness of these strategies.

Instead, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the Dollar Offset Method, which is based on a comparison of the change in fair value (cash flow) of the hedging
instrument, attributable to changes in the exchange rate and the gain (loss) arising from variations in exchange rates on the amount of investment abroad designated as the object of the hedge.

12/31/2020
Hedged item   Hedge instrument
Book Value (2)   Variation in value recognized in Other   Foreign currency   Notional   Variation in fair value used to calculate hedge
Strategies   Assets   Liabilities   comprehensive income   convertion reserve   amount   ineffectiveness
Foreign exchange risk
Hedge of net investment in foreign operations (1)   15,277   —   (14,598   )   (14,598   )   24,619   (14,601   )
Total   15,277   —   (14,598   )   (14,598   )   24,619   (14,601   )

12/31/2019
Hedged item   Hedge instrument
Book Value (2)   Variation in value recognized in Other   Foreign currency   Notional   Variation in fair value used to calculate hedge
Strategies   Assets   Liabilities   comprehensive income   convertion reserve   amount   ineffectiveness
Foreign exchange risk
Hedge of net investment in foreign operations (1)   14,396   —   (7,217   )   (7,217   )   16,947   (7,220   )
Total   14,396   —   (7,217   )   (7,217   )   16,947   (7,220   )

(1)   Hedge instruments consider the gross tax position.

(2)   Amounts recorded under heading Derivatives - Hedge of investments in foreign operation.

12/31/2020
Variations in fair   Variation in the value   Hedge   Amount reclassified
value used to   recognized in Other   ineffectiveness   from foreign currency
Notional   Book Value (*)   calculate hedge   comprehensive   recognized in   convertion reserve
Hedge instruments   amount   Assets   Liabilities   ineffectiveness   income   income   into income
Foreign exchange risk
Futures   44,186   —   150   (18,732   )   (18,695   )   (37   )   —
Forward   (4,262   )   4,474   —   332   305   27   —
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   (15,196   )   538   —   3,556   3,547   9   —
Financial Assets   (109   )   109   —   243   245   (2   )   —
Total   24,619   5,121   150   (14,601   )   (14,598   )   (3   )   —

12/31/2019
Variations in fair   Variation in the value   Hedge   Amount reclassified
value used to   recognized in Other   ineffectiveness   from foreign currency
Notional   Book Value (*)   calculate hedge   comprehensive   recognized in   convertion reserve
Hedge instruments   amount   Assets   Liabilities   ineffectiveness   income   income   into income
Foreign exchange risk
Futures   32,966   228   —   (12,329   )   (12,292   )   (37   )   —
Forward   (2,990   )   2,977   —   408   381   27   —
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   (11,525   )   260   —   4,443   4,434   9   —
Financial Assets   (1,504   )   1,523   —   258   260   (2   )   —
Total   16,947   4,988   —   (7,220   )   (7,217   )   (3   )   —

(*)   Amounts recorded under heading Derivatives.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-47

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c)   Fair value hedge

The fair value hedging strategy of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING consists of hedging the exposure to variation in fair value on the receipt and
payment of interest on recognized assets and liabilities.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING applies fair value hedges as follows:

Interest rate risk:

•   To protect the risk of variation in the fair value of receipt and payment of interest resulting from variations
in the fair value of the variable rates involved, by contracting swaps and futures.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does
not use the qualitative method to evaluate the effectiveness or to measure the ineffectiveness of these strategies.

Instead, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the percentage approach and dollar offset method:

•   The percentage approach is based on the calculation of change in the fair value of the revised estimate for the
hedged position (hedged item) attributable to the protected risk versus the change in the fair value of the derivative hedging instrument.

•   The dollar offset method is based on the difference between the variation in the fair value of the hedging
instrument and the variation in the fair value of the hedged item attributed to changes in the interest rate.

The
effects of hedge accounting on the financial position and performance of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are presented below:

12/31/2020
Hedge Item   Hedge Instruments (2)
Variation in fair
Variation in fair value   value used to
Book Value (1)   Fair value   recognized in   Notional   calculate hedge
Strategies   Assets   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities   income   amount   ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
Hedge of loan operations   9,205   —   9,616   —   411   9,205   (423   )
Hedge of funding   —   10,200   —   11,591   (1,391   )   10,200   1,390
Hedge of securities at fair value through other comprehensive income   10,192   —   10,412   —   220   10,383   (226   )
Total   19,397   10,200   20,028   11,591   (760   )   29,788   741

12/31/2019
Hedge Item   Hedge Instruments
Variation in fair
Variation in fair value   value used to
Book Value (1)   Fair value   recognized in   Notional   calculate hedge
Strategies   Assets   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities   income   amount   ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
Hedge of loan operations   7,386   —   7,642   —   256   7,386(264   )
Hedge of funding   —   7,436   —   8,195   (759   )   7,436   775
Hedge of securities at fair value through other comprehensive income   4,482   —   4,574   —   92   4,609(85   )
Total   11,868   7,436   12,216   8,195   (411   )   19,431   426

(1)   Amounts recorded under heading Deposits, Securities, Funds from Interbank Markets and Loan and Lease
Operations.

(2)   Comprises the amount of R$ 4,915 at 12/31/2020, related to instruments exposed by the change in reference
interest rates - IBORs.

For loan operations strategies, the entity reestablishes the coverage ratio, since both the
hedged item and the instruments change over time. This occurs because they are portfolio strategies that reflect the risk management strategy guidelines approved in the proper authority level.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-48

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

12/31/2020
Notional   Book value (1)   Variation in fair value used to calculate hedge   Hedge ineffectiveness
Hedge Instruments   amount   Assets   Liabilities   ineffectiveness   recognized in income
Interest rate risk
Swap (2)   29,788   2,871   5,812   741   (19   )
Total   29,788   2,871   5,812   741   (19   )

12/31/2019
Notional   Book value (1)   Variation in fair value used to calculate hedge   Hedge ineffectiveness
Hedge Instruments   amount   Assets   Liabilities   ineffectiveness   recognized in income
Interest rate risk
Swap (2)   19,431   766   4,636   426   15
Total   19,431   766   4,636   426   15

(1)   Amounts recorded under heading Derivatives.

(2)   The amount of R$ 183 is no longer qualified as hedge, with effect on result of R$ (17) (R$ 408 at
12/31/2019, with effect on result of R$ (15) from 01/01 to 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-49

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

The table below presents, for each strategy, the notional amount and the fair value adjustments of hedge
instruments and the book value of the hedged item:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Hedge instruments   Hedged item   Hedge instruments   Hedged item
Strategies   Notional amount   Fair value adjustments   Book Value   Notional amount   Fair value adjustments   Book Value
Hedge of deposits and repurchase agreements   103,407   158   103,407   24,543   (37   )   24,543
Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions   1,314   (105   )   1,314   294   (11   )   294
Hedge of net investment in foreign operations   24,619   4,971   15,277   16,947   4,988   14,396
Hedge of loan operations (Fair value)   9,205   (423   )   9,205   7,386   (264   )   7,386
Hedge of loan operations (Cash flow)   316   15   327   257   14   269
Hedge of funding (Fair value)   10,200   1,390   10,200   7,436   775   7,436
Hedge of funding (Cash flow)   1,996   (11   )   2,007   4,590   (27   )   4,617
Hedge of assets transactions   5,743   66   5,673   5,656   91   5,564
Hedge of asset-backed securities under repurchase agreements   31,417   (11   )   29,533   32,130   20   30,896
Hedge of assets denominated in UF   16,677   (1   )   16,674   12,582   5   12,588
Hedge of securities at fair value through other comprehensive income   10,383   (226   )   10,192   4,609   (85   )   4,482
Total   5,823   5,469

The table below shows the breakdown by maturity of the hedging strategies:

12/31/2020
0-1 year   1-2 years   2-3 years   3-4 years   4-5 years   5-10 years   over 10 years   Total
Hedge of deposits and repurchase agreements   70,200   9,077   13,059   5,504   4,848   719   —   103,407
Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions   1,314   —   —   —   —   —   —   1,314
Hedge of net investment in foreign operations (*)   24,619   —   —   —   —   —   —   24,619
Hedge of loan operations (Fair value)   2,999   1,793   1,297   447   898   1,771   —   9,205
Hedge of loan operations (Cash flow)   212   104   —   —   —   —   —   316
Hedge of funding (Fair value)   213   657   549   176   581   5,448   2,576   10,200
Hedge of funding (Cash flow)   1,765   27   204   —   —   —   —   1,996
Hedge of assets transactions   3,604   2,139   —   —   —   —   —   5,743
Hedge of asset-backed securities under repurchase agreements   22,186   2,297   6,130   —   804   —   —   31,417
Hedge of assets denominated in UF   15,400   1,277   —   —   —   —   —   16,677
Hedge of securities at fair value through other comprehensive income   5,876   1,382   10   —   719   2,396   —   10,383
Total   148,388   18,753   21,249   6,127   7,850   10,334   2,576   215,277

12/31/2019
0-1 year   1-2 years   2-3 years   3-4 years   4-5 years   5-10 years   over 10 years   Total
Hedge of deposits and repurchase agreements   5,533   4,409   1,627   8,464   —   4,510   —   24,543
Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions   294   —   —   —   —   —   —   294
Hedge of net investment in foreign operations (*)   16,947   —   —   —   —   —   —   16,947
Hedge of loan operations (Fair value)   381   2,490   1,248   993   623   1,111   540   7,386
Hedge of loan operations (Cash flow)   27   156   74   —   —   —   —   257
Hedge of funding (Fair value)   299   152   375   423   129   4,220   1,838   7,436
Hedge of funding (Cash flow)   2,562   —   —   1,646   161   221   —   4,590
Hedge of assets transactions   —   3,671   1,985   —   —   —   —   5,656
Hedge of asset-backed securities under repurchase agreements   6,225   18,739   812   5,621   —   733   —   32,130
Hedge of assets denominated in UF   9,628   2,954   —   —   —   —   —   12,582
Hedge of securities at fair value through other comprehensive income   4,230   —   28   —   —   351   —   4,609
Total   46,126   32,571   6,149   17,147   913   11,146   2,378   116,430

(*)   Classified as current, since instruments are frequently renewed.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-50

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 8 – Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - Securities

The fair value and corresponding gross carrying amount of Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income - Securities assets are as follows:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Gross carrying amount   Fair value adjustments (in stockholders’ equity) (2)   Expected loss   Fair value   Gross carrying amount   Fair value adjustments (in stockholders’ equity)   Expected loss   Fair value
Brazilian government securities (1a)   65,235   2,714   —   67,949   48,718   2,014   —   50,732
Other government securities   36   —   (36   )   —   36   —   (36   )   —
Government securities – abroad (1b)   34,365   38   (1   )   34,402   20,638   (64   )   (3   )   20,571
Germany   —   —   —   —   23   —   —   23
Colombia   3,913   73   —   3,986   3,851   27   —   3,878
Chile   21,639   12   —   21,651   11,119   89   —   11,208
United States   3,751   (1   )   —   3,750   2,758   (2   )   —   2,756
Italy   —   —   —   —   328   1   —   329
Mexico   1,180   1   —   1,181   —   —   —   —
Paraguay   3,008   (60   )   (1   )   2,947   1,957   (174   )   (3   )   1,780
Uruguay   874   13   —   887   602   (5   )   —   597
Corporate securities (1c)   7,799   (152   )   (56   )   7,591   5,308   96   (47   )   5,357
Shares   1,640   (258   )   —   1,382   83   66   —   149
Bank deposit certificates   305   2   —   307   2,371   —   —   2,371
Securitized real estate loans   —   —   —   —   25   1   —   26
Debentures   956   (23   )   (44   )   889   387   (10   )   (43   )   334
Eurobonds and other   4,895   127   (9   )   5,013   2,439   39   (1   )   2,477
Other   3   —   (3   )   —   3   —   (3   )   —
Total   107,435   2,600   (93   )   109,942   74,700   2,046   (86   )   76,660

(1)   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - Securities pledged in guarantee of
funding transactions of financial institutions and customers were: a) R$ 35,203 (R$ 27,864 at 12/31/2019), b) R$ 2,398 (R$ 590 at 12/31/2019) and c) R$ 518, totaling R$ 38,119 (R$ 28,454 at 12/31/2019).

(2)   In the period, the result of Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets (particularly private securities)
had their amounts affected by oscillations of rates and other market variables arising from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the macroeconomic scenario in the period (Note 33a).

The gross carrying amount and the fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income - securities by maturity are as follows:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Gross carrying amount   Fair value   Gross carrying amount   Fair value
Current   33,094   32,872   10,258   10,272
Non-stated maturity   1,640   1,382   83   149
Up to one year   31,454   31,490   10,175   10,123
Non-current   74,341   77,070   64,442   66,388
From one to five years   52,825   54,452   45,704   46,456
From five to ten years   14,084   14,852   11,101   11,649
After ten years   7,432   7,766   7,637   8,283
Total   107,435   109,942   74,700   76,660

Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income- securities are presented in the table below:

12/31/2020
Gross carrying amount   Adjustments to fair value (in Stockholders’ equity)   Expected loss   Fair Value
Shares   1,640   (258   )   —   1,382
Total   1,640   (258   )   —   1,382

12/31/2019
Gross carrying amount   Adjustments to fair value (in Stockholders’ equity)   Expected loss   Fair Value
Shares   83   66   —   149
Total   83   66   —   149

In the period there was no receipt of dividends and there was no reclassification in Stockholders´ Equity.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING adopted the option of designating equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income due to the particularities
of a certain market.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Gross carrying amount   Fair Value   Gross carrying amount   Fair Value
Current   1,640   1,382   83   149
Non-stated maturity   1,640   1,382   83   149

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-51

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Reconciliation of expected loss for Other financial assets, segregated by stages:

Stage 1   Expected loss 12/31/2019   Gains / (Losses)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfer to stage 2   Transfer to stage 3   Cure from stage 2   Cure from stage 3   Expected loss 12/31/2020
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   (86   )   (8   )   (17   )   18   —   —   —   —   (93   )
Brazilian government securities   (36   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (36   )
Other   (36   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (36   )
Government securities - abroad   (3   )   2   (1   )   1   —   —   —   —   (1   )
Corporate securities   (47   )   (10   )   (16   )   17   —   —   —   —   (56   )
Debentures   (43   )   —   (1   )   —   —   —   —   —   (44   )
Eurobonds and other   (1   )   (10   )   (15   )   17   —   —   —   —   (9   )
Other   (3   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (3   )

Stage 1   Expected loss 12/31/2018   Gains / (Losses)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfer to stage 2   Transfer to stage 3   Cure from stage 2   Cure from stage 3   Expected loss 12/31/2019
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   (85   )   —   (1   )   —   —   —   —   —   (86   )
Brazilian government securities   (36   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (36   )
Other   (36   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (36   )
Government securities - abroad   —   (2   )   (1   )   —   —   —   —   —   (3   )
Corporate securities   (49   )   2   —   —   —   —   —   —   (47   )
Debentures   (43   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (43   )
Eurobond and other   (3   )   2   —   —   —   —   —   —   (1   )
Other   (3   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (3   )

Note 9 - Financial assets at amortized cost - Securities

The Financial assets at amortized cost - Securities are as follows:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Amortized Cost   Expected Loss   Net Amortized Cost   Amortized Cost   Expected Loss   Net Amortized Cost
Brazilian government securities (1a)   64,568   (44   )   64,524   56,355   (52   )   56,303
Government securities – abroad   19,095   (14   )   19,081   17,226   —   17,226
Colombia   500   —   500   335   —   335
Chile   705   (1   )   704   621   —   621
Korea   3,951   (4   )   3,947   3,427   —   3,427
Spain   4,847   (3   )   4,844   4,984   —   4,984
United States   —   —   —   80   —   80
Mexico   9,042   (6   )   9,036   7,763   —   7,763
Uruguay   50   —   50   16   —   16
Corporate securities (1b)   46,141   (3,007   )   43,134   59,538   (2,601   )   56,937
Rural product note   3,499   (25   )   3,474   5,388   (47   )   5,341
Bank deposit certificates   30   —   30   54   —   54
Real estate receivables certificates   4,806   (12   )   4,794   5,844   (2   )   5,842
Debentures   34,849   (2,952   )   31,897   41,053   (2,532   )   38,521
Eurobonds and other   209   (1   )   208   1,083   (1   )   1,082
Promissory notes   2,023   (10   )   2,013   5,001   (3   )   4,998
Other   725   (7   )   718   1,115   (16   )   1,099
Total   129,804   (3,065   )   126,739   133,119   (2,653   )   130,466

(1)   Financial Assets at Amortized Cost – Securities Pledged as Collateral of Funding Transactions of
Financial Institutions and Customers were: a) R$ 13,786 (R$ 9,583 at 12/31/2019); b) R$ 14,364 (R$ 17,457 at 12/31/2019), totaling R$ 28,150 (R$ 27,040 at 12/31/2019).

The amortized cost of Financial assets at amortized cost - Securities by maturity is as follows:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Amortized Cost   Net Amortized Cost   Amortized Cost   Net Amortized Cost
Current   38,285   37,672   30,113   29,766
Up to one year   38,285   37,672   30,113   29,766
Non-current   91,519   89,067   103,006   100,700
From one to five years   56,447   55,070   57,120   56,178
From five to ten years   24,434   23,697   34,599   33,512
After ten years   10,638   10,300   11,287   11,010
Total   129,804   126,739   133,119   130,466

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-52

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Reconciliation of expected loss to financial assets at amortized cost- securities, segregated by stages:

Stage 1   Expected loss 12/31/2019   Gains / (Losses)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfer to Stage 2   Transfer to Stage 3   Cure from Stage 2   Cure from Stage 3   Expected loss 12/31/2020
Financial assets at amortized cost   (198   )   (113   )   (172   )   311   21   —   —   (34   )   (185   )
Brazilian government securities   (52   )   8   —   —   —   —   —   —   (44   )
Government securities - abroad   —   8   (34   )   12   —   —   —   —   (14   )
Chile   —   (1   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (1   )
Colombia   —   —   (2   )   2   —   —   —   —   —
Korea   —   7   (14   )   3   —   —   —   —   (4   )
Spain   —   —   (3   )   —   —   —   —   —   (3   )
Mexico   —   2   (15   )   7   —   —   —   —   (6   )
Corporate securities   (146   )   (129   )   (138   )   299   21   —   —   (34   )   (127   )
Rural product note   (9   )   15   (44   )   15   —   —   —   —   (23   )
Real estate receivables certificates   (2   )   (10   )   (9   )   13   —   —   —   —   (8   )
Debentures   (131   )   (124   )   (60   )   250   21   —   —   (34   )   (78   )
Eurobond and other   (1   )   (6   )   (2   )   8   —   —   —   —   (1   )
Promissory notes   (3   )   (7   )   (10   )   10   —   —   —   —   (10   )
Other   —   3   (13   )   3   —   —   —   —   (7   )

Stage 2   Expected loss 12/31/2019   Gains / (Losses)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 3   Cure from Stage 1   Cure from Stage 3   Expected loss 12/31/2020
Financial assets at amortized cost   (58   )   (9   )   (67   )   61   —   54   (21   )   (13   )   (53   )
Corporate securities   (58   )   (9   )   (67   )   61   —   54   (21   )   (13   )   (53   )
Rural product note   (5   )   (3   )   —   5   —   1   —   —   (2   )
Real estate receivables certificates   —   (4   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (4   )
Debentures   (53   )   (1   )   (67   )   55   —   53   (21   )   (13   )   (47   )
Eurobond and other   —   (1   )   —   1   —   —   —   —   —

Stage 3   Expected loss 12/31/2019   Gains / (Losses)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 2   Cure from Stage 1   Cure from Stage 2   Expected loss 12/31/2020
Financial assets at amortized cost   (2,397   )   (1,278   )   (238   )   1,093   34   13   —   (54   )   (2,827   )
Corporate securities   (2,397   )   (1,278   )   (238   )   1,093   34   13   —   (54   )   (2,827   )
Rural product note   (33   )   (7   )   (1   )   42   —   —   —   (1   )   —
Debentures   (2,348   )   (1,287   )   (207   )   1,021   34   13   —   (53   )   (2,827   )
Other   (16   )   16   (30   )   30   —   —   —   —   —

Stage 1   Expected loss 12/31/2018   Gains / (Losses)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfer to Stage 2   Transfer to Stage 3   Cure from Stage 2   Cure from Stage 3   Expected loss 12/31/2019
Financial assets at amortized cost   (223   )   36   (38   )   48   74   —   (75   )   (20   )   (198   )
Brazilian government securities   —   7   —   —   —   —   (59   )   —   (52   )
Government securities - abroad - Colombia   (4   )   5   (3   )   2   —   —   —   —   —
Corporate securities   (219   )   24   (35   )   46   74   —   (16   )   (20   )   (146   )
Rural product note   (7   )   4   (7   )   1   —   —   —   —   (9   )
Real estate receivables certificates   (2   )   —   (4   )   23   —   —   —   (19   )   (2   )
Debentures   (206   )   19   (21   )   20   74   —   (16   )   (1   )   (131   )
Eurobond and other   (2   )   —   —   1   —   —   —   —   (1   )
Promissory notes   (2   )   1   (3   )   1   —   —   —   —   (3   )

Stage 2   Expected loss 12/31/2018   Gains / (Losses)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 3   Cure from Stage 1   Cure from Stage 3   Expected loss 12/31/2019
Financial assets at amortized cost   (824   )   82   (2   )   66   75   619   (74   )   —   (58   )
Brazilian government securities   (59   )   —   —   —   59   —   —   —   —
Corporate securities   (765   )   82   (2   )   66   16   619   (74   )   —   (58   )
Rural product note   —   (8   )   (2   )   —   —   5   —   —   (5   )
Debentures   (765   )   90   —   66   16   614   (74   )   —   (53   )

Stage 3   Expected loss 12/31/2018   Gains / (Losses)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 2   Cure from Stage 1   Cure from Stage 2   Expected loss 12/31/2019
Financial assets at amortized cost   (2,599   )   (35   )   (193   )   1,029   20   —   —   (619   )   (2,397   )
Corporate securities   (2,599   )   (35   )   (193   )   1,029   20   —   —   (619   )   (2,397   )
Rural product note   (173   )   (3   )   (50   )   198   —   —   —   (5   )   (33   )
Real estate receivables certificates   (361   )   16   —   326   19   —   —   —   —
Debentures   (2,037   )   (48   )   (127   )   477   1   —   —   (614   )   (2,348   )
Promissory notes   (11   )   —   —   11   —   —   —   —   —
Other   (17   )   —   (16   )   17   —   —   —   —   (16   )

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-53

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 10 - Loan and lease operations

a)   Composition of loans and lease operations portfolio

Below is the composition of the carrying amount of loan operations and lease operations by type, sector of debtor, maturity and concentration:

Loans and lease operations by type   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Individuals   255,483   240,490
Credit card   87,073   91,676
Personal loan   35,346   34,892
Payroll loans   55,508   49,608
Vehicles   23,290   18,968
Mortgage loans   54,266   45,346
Corporate   134,521   100,789
Micro / small and medium companies   121,955   90,733
Foreign loans - Latin America   202,145   153,779
Total loans and lease operations   714,104   585,791
Provision for Expected Loss (1)   (48,322   )   (37,508   )
Total loans and lease operations, net of Expected Credit Loss   665,782   548,283

( 1)   Comprises Expected Credit Loss for Financial Guarantees Pledged R$ (907) (R$ (837) at 12/31/2019)
and Commitments to be Released R$ (3,485) (R$ (3,303) at 12/31/2019).

By maturity   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Overdue as from 1 day   18,683   21,263
Falling due up to 3 months   172,497   165,028
Falling due from 3 months to 12 months   181,033   149,388
Falling due after 1 year   341,891   250,112
Total loans and lease operations   714,104   585,791

By concentration   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Largest debtor   7,243   5,389
10 largest debtors   37,863   29,340
20 largest debtors   54,812   44,712
50 largest debtors   83,438   71,965
100 largest debtors   112,333   97,695

The breakdown of the loans and lease operations portfolio by debtor’s industry is described in Note 32,
item 1.4.1 - By business sector.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-54

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

b)   Gross Carrying Amount (Loan Portfolio)

Reconciliation of gross portfolio of loans and lease operations, segregated by stages:

Stage 1   Balance at 12/31/2019   Transfer to Stage 2   Transfer to Stage 3 (*)   Cure from the Stage 2   Cure from the Stage 3   Derecognition   Acquisition/ (Settlement)   Closing balance 12/31/2020
Individuals   199.907   (32.363   )   (1.779   )   10.186   38   —   23.169   199.158
Corporate   91.448   (2.822   )   (82   )   996   299   —   33.826   123.665
Micro / Small and medium companies   77.722   (14.370   )   (1.501   )   4.827   875   —   29.231   96.784
Foreign loans - Latin America   132.812   (12.793   )   (2.456   )   3.229   47   —   46.762   167.601
Total   501.889   (62.348   )   (5.818   )   19.238   1.259   —   132.988   587.208
Stage 2   Balance at 12/31/2019   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 3   Cure from the Stage 1   Cure from the Stage 3   Derecognition   Acquisition/ (Settlement)   Closing balance 12/31/2020
Individuals   19.070   (10.186   )   (7.158   )   32.363   964   —   (4.260   )   30.793
Corporate   911   (996   )   (370   )   2.822   51   —   375   2.793
Micro / Small and medium companies   7.225   (4.827   )   (2.193   )   14.370   483   —   907   15.965
Foreign loans - Latin America   14.714   (3.229   )   (11.998   )   12.793   834   —   3.578   16.692
Total   41.920   (19.238   )   (21.719   )   62.348   2.332   —   600   66.243
Stage 3   Balance at 12/31/2019   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 2   Cure from the Stage 1   Cure from the Stage 2   Derecognition   Acquisition/ (Settlement)   Closing balance 12/31/2020
Individuals   21.513   (38   )   (964   )   1.779   7.158   (11.764   )   7.848   25.532
Corporate   8.430   (299   )   (51   )   82   370   570   (1.039   )   8.063
Micro / Small and medium companies   5.786   (875   )   (483   )   1.501   2.193   (1.836   )   2.920   9.206
Foreign loans - Latin America   6.253   (47   )   (834   )   2.456   11.998   (608   )   (1.366   )   17.852
Total   41.982   (1.259   )   (2.332   )   5.818   21.719   (13.638   )   8.363   60.653

Consolidated 3 Stages   Balance at 12/31/2019   Derecognition   Acquisition / (Settlement)   Closing balance 12/31/2020
Individuals   240.490   (11.764   )   26.757   255.483
Corporate   100.789   570   33.162   134.521
Micro / Small and medium companies   90.733   (1.836   )   33.058   121.955
Foreign loans—Latin America   153.779   (608   )   48.974   202.145
Total   585.791   (13.638   )   141.951   714.104

(*)   In the movement of transfer of operations from stage 1 to stage 3 over the period, a representative part
thereof have first gone through stage 2.

Reconciliation of gross portfolio of loan and lease operations, segregated by stages:

Stage 1   Balance at 12/31/2018   Transfer to Stage 2   Transfer to Stage 3 (*)   Cure from the Stage 2   Cure from the Stage 3   Derecognition   Acquisition / (Settlement)   Closing balance 12/31/2019
Individuals   177,488   (19,661   )   (2,009   )   8,680   —   —   35,409   199,907
Corporate   87,344   (904   )   (36   )   875   8   —   4,161   91,448
Micro / Small and medium companies   60,471   (5,484   )   (823   )   3,224   44   —   20,290   77,722
Foreign loans - Latin America   134,323   (12,022   )   (1,001   )   5,029   74   —   6,409   132,812
Total   459,626   (38,071   )   (3,869   )   17,808   126   —   66,269   501,889

Stage 2   Balance at 12/31/2018   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 3   Cure from the Stage 1   Cure from the Stage 3   Derecognition   Acquisition / (Settlement)   Closing balance 12/31/2019
Individuals   17,029   (8,680   )   (7,579   )   19,661   977   —   (2,338   )   19,070
Corporate   2,038   (875   )   (753   )   904   1   —   (404   )   911
Micro / Small and medium companies   6,059   (3,224   )   (1,841   )   5,484   483   —   264   7,225
Foreign loans - Latin America   11,768   (5,029   )   (3,335   )   12,022   731   —   (1,443   )   14,714
Total   36,894   (17,808   )   (13,508   )   38,071   2,192   —   (3,921   )   41,920

Stage 3   Balance at 12/31/2018   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 2   Cure from the Stage 1   Cure from the Stage 2   Derecognition   Acquisition / (Settlement)   Closing balance 12/31/2019
Individuals   18,047   —   (977   )   2,009   7,579   (9,710   )   4,565   21,513
Corporate   9,674   (8   )   (1   )   36   753   (868   )   (1,156   )   8,430
Micro / Small and medium companies   5,869   (44   )   (483   )   823   1,841   (2,011   )   (209   )   5,786
Foreign loans - Latin America   5,981   (74   )   (731   )   1,001   3,335   (1,710   )   (1,549   )   6,253
Total   39,571   (126   )   (2,192   )   3,869   13,508   (14,299   )   1,651   41,982

Consolidated 3 Stages   Balance at 12/31/2018   Derecognition   Acquisition / (Settlement)   Closing balance 12/31/2019
Individuals   212,564   (9,710   )   37,636   240,490
Corporate   99,056   (868   )   2,601   100,789
Micro / Small and medium companies   72,399   (2,011   )   20,345   90,733
Foreign loans - Latin America   152,072   (1,710   )   3,417   153,779
Total   536,091   (14,299   )   63,999   585,791

(*)   In the movement of transfer of operations from stage 1 to stage 3 over the period, a representative part
thereof have first gone through stage 2.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-55

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c)   Expected credit loss

Reconciliation of expected credit loss of loans and lease operations, segregated by stages:

Stage 1   Balance at 12/31/2019   Transfer to Stage 2   Transfer to Stage 3 (1)   Cure from the Stage 2   Cure from the Stage 3   Derecognition   (Increase) / Reversal   Closing balance 12/31/2020
Individuals   (5,215   )   1,541   197   (525   )   —   —   (1,401   )   (5,403   )
Corporate   (506   )   205   3   (180   )   (17   )   —   (245   )   (740   )
Micro / Small and medium companies   (1,092   )   698   90   (306   )   (41   )   —   (622   )   (1,273   )
Foreign loans - Latin America   (1,353   )   275   513   (104   )   (12   )   —   (1,708   )   (2,389   )
Total   (8,166   )   2,719   803   (1,115   )   (70   )   —   (3,976   )   (9,805   )

Stage 2   Balance at 12/31/2019   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 3   Cure from the Stage 1   Cure from the Stage 3   Derecognition   (Increase) / Reversal   Closing balance 12/31/2020
Individuals   (2,811   )   525   2,872   (1,541   )   (69   )   —   (2,231   )   (3,255   )
Corporate   (91   )   180   63   (205   )   (9   )   —   (1,199   )   (1,261   )
Micro / Small and medium companies   (890   )   306   550   (698   )   (92   )   —   (513   )   (1,337   )
Foreign loans - Latin America   (2,765   )   104   2,084   (275   )   (218   )   —   (959   )   (2,029   )
Total   (6,557   )   1,115   5,569   (2,719   )   (388   )   —   (4,902   )   (7,882   )

Stage 3   Balance at 12/31/2019   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 2   Cure from the Stage 1   Cure from the Stage 2   Derecognition   (Increase) / Reversal   Closing balance 12/31/2020
Individuals   (11,427   )   —   69   (197   )   (2,872   )   11,764   (9,809   )   (12,472   )
Corporate   (6,288   )   17   9   (3   )   (63   )   (570   )   946   (5,952   )
Micro / Small and medium companies   (2,567   )   41   92   (90   )   (550   )   1,836   (2,521   )   (3,759   )
Foreign loans - Latin America   (2,503   )   12   218   (513   )   (2,084   )   608   (4,190   )   (8,452   )
Total   (22,785   )   70   388   (803   )   (5,569   )   13,638   (15,574   )   (30,635   )

Consolidated 3 Stages   Balance at 12/31/2019   Derecognition   (Increase) / Reversal (2)   Closing balance at 12/31/2020 (3)
Individuals   (19,453   )   11,764   (13,441   )   (21,130   )
Corporate   (6,885   )   (570   )   (498   )   (7,953   )
Micro / Small and medium companies   (4,549   )   1,836   (3,656   )   (6,369   )
Foreign loans - Latin America   (6,621   )   608   (6,857   )   (12,870   )
Total   (37,508   )   13,638   (24,452   )   (48,322   )

(1)   In the movement of transfer of operations from stage 1 to stage 3 over the period, a representative part
thereof have first gone through stage 2.

(2)   The increase in the Expected Credit Loss is related to the change in the macroeconomic scenario as from the
second half of March 2020 and that impacted our provisioning model for expected loss (Note 33a).

(3)   Comprises Expected Credit Loss for Financial Guarantees R$ (907) (R$ (837) at 12/31/2019) and Loan
Commitments R$ (3,485) (R$ (3,303) at 12/31/2019).

Reconciliation of expected credit loss of loans and lease operations,
segregated by stages:

Stage 1   Balance at 12/31/2018   Transfer to Stage 2   Transfer to Stage 3 (1)   Cure from the Stage 2   Cure from the Stage 3   Derecognition   (Increase) / Reversal   Closing balance 12/31/2019
Individuals   (3,892   )   846   282   (264   )   —   —   (2,187   )   (5,215   )
Corporate   (520   )   59   1   (158   )   —   —   112   (506   )
Micro / Small and medium companies   (1,123   )   225   72   (148   )   (10   )   —   (108   )   (1,092   )
Foreign loans - Latin America   (1,396   )   258   18   (160   )   (40   )   —   (33   )   (1,353   )
Total   (6,931   )   1,388   373   (730   )   (50   )   —   (2,216   )   (8,166   )

Stage 2   Balance at 12/31/2018   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 3   Cure from the Stage 1   Cure from the Stage 3   Derecognition   (Increase) / Reversal   Closing balance 12/31/2019
Individuals   (2,116   )   264   3,117   (846   )   (155   )   —   (3,075   )   (2,811   )
Corporate   (549   )   158   245   (59   )   —   —   114   (91   )
Micro / Small and medium companies   (603   )   148   514   (225   )   (144   )   —   (580   )   (890   )
Foreign loans - Latin America   (1,183   )   160   562   (258   )   (268   )   —   (1,778   )   (2,765   )
Total   (4,451   )   730   4,438   (1,388   )   (567   )   —   (5,319   )   (6,557   )

Stage 3   Balance at 12/31/2018   Transfer to Stage 1   Transfer to Stage 2   Cure from the Stage 1   Cure from the Stage 2   Derecognition   (Increase) / Reversal   Closing balance 12/31/2019
Individuals   (8,417   )   —   155   (282   )   (3,117   )   9,710   (9,476   )   (11,427   )
Corporate   (8,231   )   —   —   (1   )   (245   )   868   1,321   (6,288   )
Micro / Small and medium companies   (2,873   )   10   144   (72   )   (514   )   2,011   (1,273   )   (2,567   )
Foreign loans - Latin America   (2,606   )   40   268   (18   )   (562   )   1,710   (1,335   )   (2,503   )
Total   (22,127   )   50   567   (373   )   (4,438   )   14,299   (10,763   )   (22,785   )

Consolidated 3 Stages   Balance at 12/31/2018   Derecognition   (Increase) / Reversal (2)   Closing balance at 12/31/2019 (3)
Individuals   (14,425   )   9,710   (14,738   )   (19,453   )
Corporate   (9,300   )   868   1,547   (6,885   )
Micro / Small and medium companies   (4,599   )   2,011   (1,961   )   (4,549   )
Foreign loans - Latin America   (5,185   )   1,710   (3,146   )   (6,621   )
Total   (33,509   )   14,299   (18,298   )   (37,508   )

(1)   In the movement of transfer of operations from stage 1 to stage 3 over the period, a representative part
thereof have first gone through stage 2.

(2)   Change in macroeconomic scenarios used gave rise, in the fourth quarter, to a reversal of the Provision for
Expected Loss in the amount of R$ 8.

(3)   Comprises expected credit loss for Financial Guarantees R$ (837) (R$ (1,191) at 12/31/2018) and
Loan Commitments R$ (3,303) (R$ (2,601) at 12/31/2018).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-56

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

d)   Lease operations - Lessor

Finance leases are composed of vehicles, machines, equipment and real estate in Brazil and abroad. The analysis of portfolio maturities is
presented below:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Payments receivable   Future financial income   Present value   Payments receivable   Future financial income   Present value
Current   2,277   (597   )   1,680   1,899   (421   )   1,478
Up to 1 year   2,277   (597   )   1,680   1,899   (421   )   1,478
Non-current   10,553   (2,956   )   7,597   8,613   (2,640   )   5,973
From 1 to 2 years   1,809   (472   )   1,337   1,535   (439   )   1,096
From 2 to 3 years   1,424   (398   )   1,026   1,223   (368   )   855
From 3 to 4 years   1,153   (337   )   816   982   (310   )   672
From 4 to 5 years   930   (289   )   641   1,001   (287   )   714
Over 5 years   5,237   (1,460   )   3,777   3,872   (1,236   )   2,636
Total   12,830   (3,553   )   9,277   10,512   (3,061   )   7,451

Financial lease revenues are composed of:

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019
Financial Income   645   612
Variable payments   40   39
Total   685   651

e)   Operations of securitization or transfer and acquisition of financial assets

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING carried out operations of securitization or transfer of financial assets in which there was retention of credit
risks of financial assets transferred under co-obligation covenants. Thus, these credits are still recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and are represented as follows:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Assets   Liabilities (*)   Assets   Liabilities (*)
Nature of operation   Book value   Fair value   Book value   Fair value   Book value   Fair value   Book value   Fair value
Mortgage loan   349   366   347   362   1,305   1,352   1,303   1,349
Working capital   1,297   1,299   1,310   1,312   1,211   1,213   1,207   1,208
Other   —   —   —   —   —   —   1   1
Total   1,646   1,665   1,657   1,674   2,516   2,565   2,511   2,558

(*)   Under Other liabilities.

From 01/01 to 12/31/2020 operations of transfer of financial assets with no retention of risks and benefits generated impact on the result of R$ 309, net of
the Allowance for Loan Losses (R$ 403 from 01/01 to 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-57

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 11 - Investments in associates and joint ventures

a)   The following table presents non-material individual investments
of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING:

12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2020
Investment   Equity in earnings   Other comprehensive income   Total Income
Associates (a)   15.344   1.556   (59   )   1.497
Joint ventures (b)   226   (157   )   —   (157   )
Total   15.570   1.399   (59   )   1.340

12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Investment   Equity in earnings   Other comprehensive income   Total Income   Equity in earnings
Associates (a)   14.870   1.380   1   1.381   798
Joint ventures (b)   227   (65   )   —   (65   )   (51   )
Total   15.097   1.315   1   1.316   747

(a)   At 12/31/2020, this includes interest in total capital and voting capital of the following companies: XP
Inc. (41% total capital and 29.32% voting capital; 46.05% total capital and 32.49% voting capital at 12/31/2019); Pravaler S.A. (52.65% total capital and 42.42% voting capital, 52.67% total capital and 42.49% voting capital at 12/31/2019); Porto
Seguro Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. (42.93% total and voting capital; 42.93% at 12/31/2019); BSF Holding S.A. (49% total and voting capital; 49% at 12/31/2019); Gestora de Inteligência de Crédito S.A. (20% total
and voting capital; 20% at 12/31/2019), Compañia Uruguaya de Medios de Procesamiento S.A. (31.47% total and voting capital; 31.93% at 12/31/2019); Rias Redbanc S.A. (25% total and voting capital; 25% at 12/31/2019); Kinea Private Equity
Investimentos S.A. (80% total capital and 49% voting capital; 80% total capital and 49% voting capital at 12/31/2019) and Tecnologia Bancária S.A. (28.05% total capital and 28.95% voting capital; and 28.95% at 12/31/2019). As from
April 20, 2020, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not exercise significant influence on IRB-Brasil Resseguros S.A., so that its ownership interest is no longer classified as associate and started being
classified as Financial Asset at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income.

(b)   At 12/31/2020, this includes interest in total and voting capital of the following companies: Olímpia
Promoção e Serviços S.A. (50% total and voting capital; 50% at 12/31/2019); ConectCar Soluções de Mobilidade Eletrônica S.A. (50% total and voting capital; 50% at 12/31/2019) and includes result not arising
from subsidiaries’ net income.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-58

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 12 – Lease - Lessee

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is the lessee mainly of properties for use in its operations, which include renewal options and restatement
clauses. During the period ended December 31, 2020, total cash outflow with lease amounted to R$ 673. Lease agreements in the amount of R$ 455 were renewed. There are no relevant sublease agreements.

Total liabilities in accordance with remaining contractual maturities, considering their undiscounted flows, is presented below:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Up to 3 months   333   320
3 months to 1 year   945   886
From 1 to 5 years   2,830   2,457
Over 5 years   1,930   1,135
Total Financial Liability   6,038   4,798

Lease amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income:

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019
Sublease revenues   8   12
Depreciation expenses   (1,209   )   (1,060   )
Interest expenses   (227   )   (271   )
Lease expenses for low value assets   (87   )   (82   )
Variable expenses not include in lease liabilities   (66   )   (81   )
Total   (1,581   )   (1,482   )

In the period from 01/01 to 12/31/2020, there was no impairment adjustment (R$ (175) from 01/01 to
12/31/2019), recorded under the heading General and Administrative Expenses.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-59

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 13 - Fixed assets

Real estate   Other fixed assets
Fixed Assets (1)   Fixed assets under construction   Land   Buildings   Improvements   Installations   Furniture and equipment   Data processing systems   Other (communication, security and transportation)   Total
Annual depreciation rates   4   %   10   %   10% to 20   %   10% to 20   %   20% to 50   %   10% to 20   %
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2019   734   1,099   3,065   2,560   1,729   1,260   9,564   1,335   21,346
Acquisitions   457   1   37   39   59   77   976   70   1,716
Disposals   (38   )   (27   )   (79   )   (327   )   (30   )   (104   )   (471   )   (25   )   (1,101   )
Exchange variation   —   4   20   191   29   83   152   12   491
Transfers   (596   )   —   196   303   79   4   10   —   (4   )
Other (2)   6   25   (85   )   84   (3   )   65   (1,984   )   15   (1,877   )
Balance at 12/31/2020   563   1,102   3,154   2,850   1,863   1,385   8,247   1,407   20,571
Depreciation
Balance at 12/31/2019   —   —   (1,823   )   (1,755   )   (1,147   )   (909   )   (7,536   )   (983   )   (14,153   )
Depreciation expenses   —   —   (81   )   (285   )   (147   )   (82   )   (777   )   (122   )   (1,494   )
Disposals   —   —   50   320   25   94   418   22   929
Exchange variation   —   —   (4   )   (103   )   (19   )   (52   )   (117   )   (12   )   (307   )
Other (2)   —   —   8   (62   )   30   (64   )   1,639   (13   )   1,538
Balance at 12/31/2020   —   —   (1,850   )   (1,885   )   (1,258   )   (1,013   )   (6,373   )   (1,108   )   (13,487   )
Impairment
Balance at 12/31/2019   —   —   —   —   —   —   (27   )   —   (27   )
Increase   —   —   (3   )   (112   )   (2   )   (3   )   —   —   (120   )
Reversals   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Balance at 12/31/2020   —   —   (3   )   (112   )   (2   )   (3   )   (27   )   —   (147   )
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2020   563   1,102   1,301   853   603   369   1,847   299   6,937

(1)   The contractual commitments for purchase of the fixed assets totaled R$ 36, achievable by 2024 (Note 32b
3.2—Off balance commitments).

(2)   Includes the total amount of R$ 54 related to the hyperinflationary adjustment for Argentina.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-60

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Real estate   Other fixed assets
Fixed Assets   Fixed assets under construction   Land   Buildings   Improvements   Installations   Furniture and equipment   Data processing systems (1)   Other (communication, security and transportation)   Total
Annual depreciation rates   4   %   10   %   10% to 2   0%   10% to 2   0%   20% to 5   0%   10% to 2   0%
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2018   556   1,084   3,111   2,487   1,988   1,209   9,328   1,253   21,016
Acquisitions   473   14   38   60   10   68   868   90   1,621
Disposals   —   (8   )   (30   )   (97   )   (10   )   (7   )   (534   )   (5   )   (691   )
Exchange variation   (1   )   —   (6   )   (16   )   (6   )   (12   )   (34   )   (1   )   (76   )
Transfers   (278   )   —   107   130   27   —   14   —   —
Other (2)   (16   )   9   (155   )   (4   )   (280   )   2   (78   )   (2   )   (524   )
Balance at 12/31/2019   734   1,099   3,065   2,560   1,729   1,260   9,564   1,335   21,346
Depreciation
Balance at 12/31/2018   —   —   (1,929   )   (1,670   )   (1,290   )   (834   )   (7,128   )   (863   )   (13,714   )
Depreciation expenses   —   —   (79   )   (191   )   (136   )   (87   )   (1,043   )   (126   )   (1,662   )
Disposals   —   —   21   94   8   6   483   4   616
Exchange variation   —   —   5   8   4   6   21   1   45
Other (2)   —   —   159   4   267   —   131   1   562
Balance at 12/31/2019   —   —   (1,823   )   (1,755   )   (1,147   )   (909   )   (7,536   )   (983   )   (14,153   )
Impairment
Balance at 12/31/2018   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Increase   —   —   —   —   —   —   (27   )   —   (27   )
Reversals   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Balance at 12/31/2019   —   —   —   —   —   —   (27   )   —   (27   )
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2019   734   1,099   1,242   805   582   351   2,001   352   7,166

(1)   Includes financial lease contracts, mainly related to data processing equipment, which are accounted for as
financial lease operations. Assets and the liabilities are recognized in the Financial Statements.

(2)   Includes the total amount of R$ 67 related to the hyperinflationary adjustment for Argentina.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-61

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 14 – Goodwill and Intangible assets

Intangible assets
Goodwill and intangible from acquisition   Association for the promotion and offer of financial products and services   Software Acquired   Internally developed software   Other intangible assets (1)   Total
Annual amortization rates   8   %   20   %   20   %   10% to 20   %
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2019   11,158   2,518   5,899   5,716   2,971   28,262
Acquisitions   287   —   795   1,968   541   3,591
Rescissions / disposals   —   —   (1,121   )   (20   )   (137   )   (1,278   )
Exchange variation   2,514   320   901   —   232   3,967
Other (3)   —   (16   )   10   —   (333   )   (339   )
Balance at 12/31/2020   13,959   2,822   6,484   7,664   3,274   34,203
Amortization
Balance at 12/31/2019   —   (1,057   )   (3,206   )   (2,497   )   (1,242   )   (8,002   )
Amortization expense (2)   —   (174   )   (825   )   (779   )   (457   )   (2,235   )
Rescissions / disposals   —   —   834   —   136   970
Exchange variation   —   (126   )   (451   )   —   (174   )   (751   )
Other (3)   —   10   (32   )   (12   )   327   293
Balance at 12/31/2020   —   (1,347   )   (3,680   )   (3,288   )   (1,410   )   (9,725   )
Impairment (Note 2.4h)
Balance at 12/31/2019   —   —   (171   )   (370   )   —   (541   )
Increase   (5,772   )   (789   )   (33   )   (13   )   —   (6,607   )
Disposals   —   —   —   —   —   —
Balance at 12/31/2020   (5,772   )   (789   )   (204   )   (383   )   —   (7,148   )
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2020   8,187   686   2,600   3,993   1,864   17,330

(1)   Includes amounts paid for acquisition of rights to provide services of payment of salaries, proceeds,
retirement and pension benefits and similar benefits.

(2)   Amortization expenses related to the rights for acquisition of payrolls and associations, in the amount of
R$ (594) (R$ (519) from 01/01 to 12/31/2019) are disclosed in the General and administrative expenses (Note 23).

(3)   Includes the total amount of R$ 17 related to the hyperinflationary adjustment for Argentina.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets from Acquisition are mainly represented by Itaú Corpbanca’s goodwill in the amount of R$
3,606.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING recognized adjustments to the recoverable amount of goodwill and intangible assets related to Itaú Corpbanca,
in the amounts of R$ 5,772 and R$ 789. The value in use of the Cash

Generating Unit (CGU) in which Itáu Corpbanca is allocated was considered and
cash flows were based on the result of June 2020 and internal projects of results until 2025.

The adjustment to recoverable amount results from economic
conditions at June 30, 2020, of Itaú Corpbanca’s market capitalization, discount rates applicable and other changes in variables triggered by the current uncertain macroeconomic condition that, when combined, resulted in a CGU
amount lower than its book value. The discount rates used for the impairment test were 10.4% for operations in Chile and 12.3% for operations in Colombia, determined by the cost of capital calculated based on CAPM model. Long-term interest rates
considered were 5.2% p.a. and 6.5% p.a. for Chile and Colombia, respectively. The most sensitive assumptions are cost of capital and perpetuity growth rate.

Impairment was recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income under General and administrative expenses (Note 23).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-62

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Intangible assets (1)
Goodwill and intangible from acquisition   Association for the promotion and offer of financial products and services   Software Acquired   Internally developed software   Other intangible assets (2)   Total
Annual amortization rates   8   %   20   %   20   %   10% to 20%
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2018   11,464   2,529   5,247   4,529   2,360   26,129
Acquisitions   —   —   789   1,187   715   2,691
Rescissions / disposals   (26   )   (4   )   (93   )   —   (130   )   (253   )
Exchange variation   (285   )   22   (84   )   —   6   (341   )
Other (4)   5   (29   )   40   —   20   36
Balance at 12/31/2019   11,158   2,518   5,899   5,716   2,971   28,262
Amortization
Balance at 12/31/2018   (26   )   (867   )   (2,501   )   (1,823   )   (1,015   )   (6,232   )
Amortization expense (3)   —   (218   )   (675   )   (674   )   (332   )   (1,899   )
Rescissions / disposals   26   4   28   —   130   188
Exchange variation   —   (5   )   45   —   (13   )   27
Other (4)   —   29   (103   )   —   (12   )   (86   )
Balance at 12/31/2019   —   (1,057   )   (3,206   )   (2,497   )   (1,242   )   (8,002   )
Impairment (Note 2.4h)
Balance at 12/31/2018   —   —   (225   )   (343   )   —   (568   )
Incresase   —   —   (4   )   (27   )   —   (31   )
Disposals   —   —   58   —   —   58
Balance at 12/31/2019   —   —   (171   )   (370   )   —   (541   )
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2019   11,158   1,461   2,522   2,849   1,729   19,719

(1)   The contractual commitments for the purchase of the new intangible assets totaled R$ 273, achievable by
2020.

(2)   Includes amounts paid for acquisition of rights to provide services of payment of salaries, proceeds,
retirement and pension benefits and similar benefits.

(3)   Amortization expenses related to the rights for acquisition of payrolls and associations, in the amount of
R$ (519) (R$ (452) from 01/01 to 12/31/2018) are disclosed in the General and administrative expenses (Note 23).

(4)   Includes the total amount of R$ 3 related to the hyperinflationary adjustment for Argentina.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-63

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 15 – Deposits

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Current   Non-current   Total   Current   Non-current   Total
Interest-bearing deposits   376,139   297,995   674,134   251,882   172,863   424,745
Savings deposits   179,470   —   179,470   144,558   —   144,558
Interbank deposits   3,185   245   3,430   2,866   155   3,021
Time deposits   193,484   297,750   491,234   104,458   172,708   277,166
Non-interest bearing deposits   134,876   —   134,876   82,315   —   82,315
Demand deposits   134,805   —   134,805   82,306   —   82,306
Others deposits   71   —   71   9   —   9
Total   511,015   297,995   809,010   334,197   172,863   507,060

Note 16 – Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Current   Non-current   Total   Current   Non-current   Total
Structured notes
Shares   —   —   —   11   —   11
Debt securities   11   132   143   38   152   190
Total   11   132   143   49   152   201

The effect of credit risk of these instruments is not significant at 12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019.

Shares and debt securities do not have a defined amount on maturity, since they vary according to stock market quotation and an exchange variation component,
respectively.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-64

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 17 – Securities sold under repurchase agreements and interbank and institutional market funds

a)   Securities sold under repurchase agreements

The table below shows the breakdown of funds:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Interest rate (p.a.)   Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Assets pledged as collateral   45,961   564   46,525   67,065   2,696   69,761
Government securities   1.70% to 1.90%   22,088   —   22,088   46,271   —   46,271
Corporate securities   45% of CDI to 98.5% of CDI   20,773   —   20,773   17,665   —   17,665
Own issue   100% of Selic to 16.40%   1,965   20   1,985   2,831   2,427   5,258
Foreign   0.03% to 2.20%   1,135   544   1,679   298   269   567
Assets received as collateral   1.38% to 1.90%   151,370   —   151,370   140,004   —   140,004
Right to sell or repledge the collateral   0.01% to 10.0%   27,851   47,618   75,469   16,807   30,011   46,818
Total   225,182   48,182   273,364   223,876   32,707   256,583

b)   Interbank market funds

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Interest rate (p.a.)   Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   T otal
Financial bills   2.76% to 29.34%   21,898   21,691   43,589   20,829   44,604   65,433
Real state credit bills   1.65% to 11.83%   2,600   1,605   4,205   6,194   1,441   7,635
Agribusiness credit bills   1.39% to 14.30%   10,166   4,119   14,285   14,543   6,661   21,204
Guaranteed real state notes   2.62% to 9.43%   437   10,592   11,029   —   4,320   4,320
Import and export financing   0% to 9.60%   56,148   15,322   71,470   59,810   4,812   64,622
On-lending-domestic   0% to 18%   3,672   7,785   11,457   3,863   7,785   11,648
Total   94,921   61,114   156,035   105,239   69,623   174,862

Funding for import and export financing represents credit facilities available for financing of imports and
exports of Brazilian companies, in general denominated in foreign currency.

c)   Institutional market funds

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Interest rate (p.a.)   Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Subordinated debt (1)   LIBOR to IGPM + 4.63%   12,125   62,791   74,916   4,098   55,364   59,462
Obligations on securities abroad   (0.05%) to 29.75%   6,636   55,797   62,433   9,162   34,510   43,672
Raisings through Structured Operations Certificates (2)   1.41% to 11.12%   578   381   959   575   535   1,110
Total   19,339   118,969   138,308   13,835   90,409   104,244

(1)   At 12/31/2020, the amount of R$ 41,000 (R$ 36,627 at 12/31/2019) is included in the Reference Equity, under
the proportion defined by CMN Resolution No. 4,192, on March 01, 2013.

(2)   At 12/31/2020, the fair value of raisings through Structured Operations Certificates issued is R$ 1,018 (R$
1,204 at 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-65

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 18 - Other assets and liabilities

a)   Other assets

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Financial   81,144   12,117   93,261   87,498   7,254   94,752
At Amortized Cost   81,138   12,117   93,255   87,498   7,254   94,752
Receivables from credit card issuers   43,511   —   43,511   42,395   —   42,395
Deposits in guarantee for contingent liabilities, provisions and legal obligations (Note
29e)   1,338   11,355   12,693   7,990   6,530   14,520
Trading and intermediation of securities   28,021   233   28,254   26,544   207   26,751
Income receivable   2,941   38   2,979   3,236   —   3,236
Operations without credit granting characteristics, net of provisions   2,995   481   3,476   3,612   5   3,617
Insurance and reinsurance operations   1,312   10   1,322   836   511   1,347
Net amount receivables from reimbursement of provisions (Note 29d)   919   —   919   978   —   978
Deposits in guarantee of fund raisings abroad   101   —   101   1,864   1   1,865
Other   —   —   —   43   —   43
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   6   —   6   —   —   —
Other financial assets   6   —   6   —   —   —
Non-financial   9,175   6,598   15,773   9,323   5,368   14,691
Sundry foreign   713   4   717   639   7   646
Prepaid expenses   3,230   1,174   4,404   3,288   1,038   4,326
Sundry domestic   2,552   3   2,555   2,916   9   2,925
Assets of post-employment benefit plans (Note 26e)   —   585   585   —   717   717
Lease right-of-use   76   4,832   4,908   211   3,597   3,808
Other   2,604   —   2,604   2,269   —   2,269

b)   Other liabilities

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Financial   112,745   6,184   118,929   113,092   3,989   117,081
At Amortized Cost   112,740   6,184   118,924   113,092   3,989   117,081
Credit card operations   92,580   —   92,580   87,361   —   87,361
Trading and intermediation of securities   14,995   126   15,121   18,062   65   18,127
Foreign exchange portfolio   859   —   859   1,245   —   1,245
Finance leases   49   5,020   5,069   207   3,924   4,131
Other   4,257   1,038   5,295   6,217   —   6,217
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   5   —   5   —   —   —
Other financial liabilities   5   —   5   —   —   —
Non-financial   35,248   3,263   38,511   26,275   2,063   28,338
Funds in transit   15,944   127   16,071   10,573   11   10,584
Charging and collection of taxes and similar   339   —   339   335   —   335
Social and statutory   6,201   558   6,759   5,057   32   5,089
Deferred income   3,201   —   3,201   2,686   —   2,686
Sundry domestic   2,957   66   3,023   2,118   79   2,197
Personnel provision   1,609   291   1,900   1,569   75   1,644
Provision for sundry payments   2,506   70   2,576   1,761   63   1,824
Obligations on official agreements and rendering of payment services   1,326   —   1,326   1,114   —   1,114
Liabilities from post-employment benefit plans (Note 26e)   —   2,083   2,083   —   1,746   1,746
Other   1,165   68   1,233   1,062   57   1,119

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-66

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 19 – Stockholders’ equity

a)   Capital

Capital is represented by 9,804,135,348 book-entry shares with no par value, of which 4,958,290,359 are common shares and 4,845,844,989 are
preferred shares with no voting rights, but with tag-along rights in a public offering of shares, in an eventual transfer of control, assuring them a price equal to eighty per cent (80%) of the amount paid per voting share in the controlling
block, and a dividend at least equal to that of the common shares.

The breakdown and change in shares of paid-in capital in the beginning
and end of the period are shown below:

12/31/2020
Number
Common   Preferred   Total   Amount
Residents in Brazil at 12/31/2019   4,931,023,416   1,665,657,332   6,596,680,748   65,366
Residents abroad at 12/31/2019   27,266,943   3,180,187,657   3,207,454,600   31,782
Shares of capital stock at 12/31/2019   4,958,290,359   4,845,844,989   9,804,135,348   97,148
Shares of capital stock at 12/31/2020   4,958,290,359   4,845,844,989   9,804,135,348   97,148
Residents in Brazil at 12/31/2020   4,929,824,281   1,820,159,657   6,749,983,938   66,885
Residents abroad at 12/31/2020   28,466,078   3,025,685,332   3,054,151,410   30,263
Treasury shares at 12/31/2019 (1)   —   58,533,585   58,533,585   (1,274   )
Result from delivery of treasury shares   —   (16,855,133   )   (16,855,133   )   367
Treasury shares at 12/31/2020 (1)   —   41,678,452   41,678,452   (907   )
Outstanding shares at 12/31/2020   4,958,290,359   4,804,166,537   9,762,456,896
Outstanding shares at 12/31/2019   4,958,290,359   4,787,311,404   9,745,601,763

12/31/2019
Number
Common   Preferred   Total   Amount
Residents in Brazil at 12/31/2018   4,928,076,320   1,609,055,166   6,537,131,486   64,776
Residents abroad at 12/31/2018   30,214,039   3,236,789,823   3,267,003,862   32,372
Shares of capital stock at 12/31/2018   4,958,290,359   4,845,844,989   9,804,135,348   97,148
Shares of capital stock at 12/31/2019   4,958,290,359   4,845,844,989   9,804,135,348   97,148
Residents in Brazil at 12/31/2019   4,931,023,416   1,665,657,332   6,596,680,748   65,366
Residents abroad at 12/31/2019   27,266,943   3,180,187,657   3,207,454,600   31,782
Treasury shares at 12/31/2018 (1)   —   83,614,426   83,614,426   (1,820   )
Result from delivery of treasury shares   —   (25,080,841   )   (25,080,841   )   546
Treasury shares at 12/31/2019 (1)   —   58,533,585   58,533,585   (1,274   )
Outstanding shares at 12/31/2019   4,958,290,359   4,787,311,404   9,745,601,763
Outstanding shares at 12/31/2018   4,958,290,359   4,762,230,563   9,720,520,922

(1)   Own shares, purchased based on authorization of the Board of Directors, to be held in Treasury for
subsequent cancellation of replacement in the market.

Below is the average cost of treasury shares and their market price in reais.
In 2020, there was none acquisition of treasury shares.

12/31/2020
Cost / market value   Common   Preferred
Average cost   —   21.76
Market value at 12/31/2020   27.93   31.63

12/31/2019
Cost / market value   Common   Preferred
Average cost   —   21.76
Market value at 12/31/2019   32.03   37.10

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-67

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

b)   Dividends

Shareholders are entitled to a mandatory minimum dividend in each fiscal year, corresponding to 25% of adjusted net income, as set forth in the
Bylaws. Common and preferred shares participate equally in income distributed, after common shares have received dividends equal to the minimum annual priority dividend payable to preferred shares (R$ 0.022 non-cumulative per share).

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING monthly advances the mandatory minimum dividend, using the share position of the last day of the previous month as
the calculation basis, and the payment made on the first business day of the subsequent month in the amount of R$ 0.015 per share.

l -
Calculation of dividends and interest on capital

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018
Statutory net income   18,961   26,712   21,945
Adjustments:
(-) Legal reserve - 5%   (948   )   (1,336   )   (1,097   )
Dividend calculation basis   18,013   25,376   20,848
Minimun mandatory dividend - 25%   4,503   6,344   5,212
Dividends and Interest on Capital Paid / Accrued   4,503   18,777   22,437

ll - Stockholders’ compensation

12/31/2020
Gross value per share (R$)   Value   WHT (With holding tax)   Net
Paid / Prepaid   2,127   (78   )   2,049
Dividends - 11 monthly installments paid from February to December 2020   0.0150   1,610   —   1,610
Interest on capital - paid on 08/26/2020   0.0450   517   (78   )   439
Accrued (Recorded in Other Liabilities)   2,861   (407   )   2,454
Dividends - 1 monthly installment paid on 01/04/2021   0.0150   146   —   146
Interest on capital - credited on December 17, 2020 to be paid until April 30, 2021   0.0544   624   (93   )   531
Interest on capital - credited on January 28, 2021 to be paid until April 30, 2021   0.0426   490   (74   )   416
Dividends or Interest on capital   0.1394   1,601   (240   )   1,361
Total from 01/01 to 12/31/2020   4,988   (485   )   4,503

12/31/2019
Gross value per share (R$)   Value   WHT (With holding tax)   Net
Paid / Prepaid   9,274   —   9,274
Dividends - 11 monthly installments paid from February to December 2019   0.0150   1,606   —   1,606
Dividends - paid on 08/23/2019   0.7869   7,668   —   7,668
Accrued (Recorded in Other Liabilities)   512   (55   )   457
Dividends - 1 monthly installment paid on 01/02/2020   0.0150   146   —   146
Interest on capital - credited on December 19, 2019 to be paid until April 30, 2020   0.0376   366   (55   )   311
Identified in Profit Reserves In Stockholders’ Equity   1.0067   9,811   (765   )   9,046
Total from 01/01 to 12/31/2019   19,597   (820   )   18,777

12/31/2018
Gross value per share (R$)   Gross   WHT (With holding tax)   Net
Paid / prepaid   5,921   (122   )   5,799
Dividends - 11 monthly installments from February to December 2018   0.0150   1,069   —   1,069
Dividends - paid on 08/30/2018   0.6240   4,041   —   4,041
Interest on capital - paid on 08/30/2018   0.1252   811   (122   )   689
Accrued (Recorded in Other Liabilities)   248   (15   )   233
Dividends - 1 monthly installment paid on 01/02/2019   0.0150   145   —   145
Interest on capital - credited on December 27, 2018 to be paid until April 30, 2019   0.0106   103   (15   )   88
Identified in Profit Reserves In Stockholders’ Equity   1.8001   17,498   (1,093   )   16,405
Total from 01/01 to 12/31/2018   23,667   (1,230   )   22,437

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-68

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c)   Capital reserves and profit reserves

l – Additional paid-in capital

Additional paid-in capital corresponds to: (i) the difference between the sale price of treasury shares and the average cost of such
shares, and (ii) the yield expenses recognized in accordance with the stock option plan and variable compensation.

ll – Appropriated
reserves

12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2018
Capital reserves   285   285   285
Premium on subscription of shares   284   284   284
Reserves from tax incentives, restatement of equity securities and other   1   1   1
Profit reserves   16,943   12,663   13,195
Legal (1)   12,274   11,326   9,989
Statutory (2)   16,186   3,043   (2,775   )
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a IV)   (11,517   )   (11,517   )   (11,517   )
Special profit reserves (3)   —   9,811   17,498
Total reserves at parent company   17,228   12,948   13,480

(1)   Its purpose is to ensure the integrity of capital, compensate loss or increase capital.

(2)   Its main purpose is to ensure the yield flow to shareholders.

(3)   Refers to Dividends or Interest on Capital declared after 12/31/2020, 12/31/2019 and 12/31/2018.

lll - Unappropriated reserves

Refers to balance of net income remaining after the distribution of dividends and appropriations to statutory reserves in the statutory
accounts of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

d)   Non-controlling interests

Stockholders’ equity   Income
12/31/2020   12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019
Itaú CorpBanca   9,891   11,270   (4,135   )   504
Itaú CorpBanca Colômbia S.A.   491   406   (15   )   (16   )
Financeira Itaú CBD S.A. Crédito, Financiamento e Investimento   580   446   164   131
Luizacred S.A. Soc. Cred. Financiamento Investimento   385   295   102   20
Other   185   123   52   61
Total   11,532   12,540   (3,832   )   700

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-69

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 20 – Share-based payment

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and its subsidiaries have share-based payment plans aimed at involving its management members and employees in the medium and long
term corporate development process.

The grant of these benefits is only made in years in which there are sufficient profits to permit the distribution of
mandatory dividends, limiting dilution to 0.5% of the total shares held by the controlling and minority stockholders at the balance sheet date. These programs are settled through the delivery of ITUB4 treasury shares to stockholders.

Expenses on share-based payment plans are presented in the table below:

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Partner Plan   (241   )   (242   )   (226   )
Share-based plan   (489   )   (384   )   (377   )
Total   (730   )   (626   )   (603   )

l – Partner Plan

The program enables employees and managers of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING to invest a percentage of their bonus to acquire shares and
share-based instruments. There is a lockup period of from three to five years, counted from the initial investment date, and the shares are thus subject to market price variations. After complying with the preconditions outlined in the program,
beneficiaries are entitled to receive shares as consideration, in accordance with the number of shares indicated in the regulations.

The
acquisition price of shares and share-based instruments is established every six months as the average of the share price over the last 30 days, which is performed on the seventh business day prior to the remuneration grant date.

The fair value of the consideration in shares is the market price at the grant date, less expected dividends.

Change in the Partner Program

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019
Quantity   Quantity
Opening balance   39,305,211   48,871,182
New   10,488,126   8,096,700
Delivered   (11,408,109   )   (15,627,167   )
Cancelled   (2,093,468   )   (2,035,504   )
Closing balance   36,291,760   39,305,211
Weighted average of remaining contractual life (years)   1.69   1.59
Market value weighted average (R$)   23.37   25.49

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-70

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

II – Variable compensation

In this plan, 50% of variable compensation of managers is paid in cash and 50% is paid in shares for a period of three years. Shares are
delivered on a deferred basis, of which one-third per year, will be contingent upon the executive’s permancence in the institution. The deferred unpaid portions may be reversed proportionally to a significant reduction in the recurring income
realized or the negative income for the period.

Management members become eligible for the receipt of these benefits according to
individual performance, business performance or both. The benefit amount is established according to the activities of each management member who should meet at least the performance and conduct requirements.

The fair value of the share is the market price at its grant date.

Change in share-based variable compensation

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019
Quantity   Quantity
Opening balance   20,220,934   25,016,145
New   18,329,108   9,794,250
Delivered   (10,574,321   )   (14,237,280   )
Cancelled   (568,490   )   (352,181   )
Closing balance   27,407,231   20,220,934
Market value weighted average (R$)   31.22   37.55

Ill – Stock Option Plan (Simple Options)

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING had a Stock Option Plan (“Simple Options”), which was discontinued, and the last options were vested in
2019.

Simple options have the following characteristics:

a)   Exercise price: calculated as the average prices of shares in the three months of the year prior to the
grant date. The prices determined are inflation-adjusted to the last business day of the month prior to the option exercise date in line with the IGP-M inflation index or, in its absence, an index to be determined internally, and must be paid
according to the regulations for the settlement of trading on B3.

b)   Vesting period: determined upon issue, from one to seven years, counted from the grant date. The vesting
period is normally five years.

Change in the Simple options plan

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019
Quantity   Weighted average exercise price   Quantity   Weighted average exercise price
Opening balance   —   —   3,089,599   22.11
Options vested at the end of the period   —   —   3,089,599   22.11
Options:
Canceled / Forfeited (*)   —   —   (72,318   )   24.36
Exercised   —   —   (3,017,281   )   22.68
Closing balance   —   —   —   —
Options vested at the end of the period   —   —   —   —
Range of exercise prices   —   22.95
Weighted average of the remaining contractual life (in years)   —   —
Market value weighted average (R$)   —   36.34

(*)   Refers to non-vesting based on the beneficiary’s decision.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-71

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 21 - Interest and similar income and expense and net gain (loss)

a) Interest and similar income of financial assets at amortized cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Compulsory deposits in the Central Bank of Brazil   2,242   4,734   5,063
Interbank deposits   1,102   1,173   1,080
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   9,832   16,197   17,365
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   16,982   10,758   9,194
Financial assets at amortized cost   3,629   2,582   2,614
Loan operations   79,503   81,046   73,640
Other financial assets   (28   )   1,033   1,368
Total   113,262   117,523   110,324

b) Interest and similar expense

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Deposits   (17,478   )   (18,559   )   (17,484   )
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   (10,690   )   (20,473   )   (20,889   )
Interbank market funds   (28,878   )   (13,231   )   (13,587   )
Institutional market funds   (8,400   )   (6,837   )   (6,773   )
Financial expense from technical provisions for insurance and private pension   (8,121   )   (16,720   )   (11,815   )
Other   9   (138   )   (64   )
Total   (73,558   )   (75,958   )   (70,612   )

c) Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   319   3,628   (4,110   )
Derivatives (*)   (9,393   )   (70   )   (260   )
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   (118   )   (64   )   (218   )
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   1,107   628   (254   )
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss   (9   )   —   —
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   38   (24   )   8
Total   (8,056   )   4,098   (4,834   )

(*)   Includes the ineffective derivatives portion related to hedge accounting.

During the period ended 12/31/2020, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING recognized R$ (419) of Expected Losses (R$ 1 at 12/31/2019) with loss of
R$ (7) for Financial Assets – Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income and loss of R$ (412) for Financial Assets – Amortized Cost (R$ 993 at 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-72

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 22 - Commissions and Banking Fees

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Credit and debit cards   13,813   15,619   15,634
Current account services   8,002   7,969   7,802
Asset management   6,951   6,322   5,017
Funds   6,316   5,702   4,470
Consortia   635   620   547
Credit operations and financial guarantees provided   2,298   2,418   2,419
Credit operations   964   1,048   948
Financial guarantees provided   1,334   1,370   1,471
Collection services   1,897   1,831   1,770
Advisory services and brokerage   2,891   2,509   1,632
Custody services   573   501   435
Other   2,132   1,863   2,100
Total   38,557   39,032   36,809

Note 23 - General and administrative expenses

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Personnel expenses   (25,158   )   (28,415   )   (24,846   )
Compensation   (10,212   )   (9,548   )   (10,226   )
Employees’ profit sharing   (4,224   )   (5,183   )   (4,425   )
Welfare benefits   (4,059   )   (3,856   )   (3,764   )
Provision for labor claims and dismissals   (2,922   )   (5,640   )   (2,907   )
Payroll charges   (3,330   )   (3,276   )   (3,011   )
Share-based payment (Note 20)   (241   )   (242   )   (226   )
Training   (107   )   (178   )   (253   )
Other   (63   )   (492   )   (34   )
Administrative expenses   (16,904   )   (15,912   )   (17,268   )
Third party services   (5,148   )   (4,571   )   (4,482   )
Data processing and telecommunications   (3,983   )   (4,278   )   (4,273   )
Installations   (2,005   )   (2,068   )   (3,306   )
Advertising, promotions and publicity   (1,095   )   (1,325   )   (1,419   )
Financial services expenses   (915   )   (798   )   (790   )
Security   (730   )   (744   )   (754   )
Transportation   (347   )   (364   )   (350   )
Materials   (321   )   (330   )   (339   )
Travel expenses   (84   )   (240   )   (232   )
Other (1)   (2,276   )   (1,194   )   (1,323   )
Depreciation and Amortization   (5,064   )   (4,630   )   (3,332   )
Other expenses   (17,081   )   (12,055   )   (12,092   )
Selling – credit cards   (4,391   )   (4,958   )   (4,285   )
Claims losses   (778   )   (825   )   (675   )
Loss on sale of other assets, fixed assets and investments in associates and joint
ventures   (683   )   (719   )   (632   )
Provision for lawsuits civil (Note 29)   (1,080   )   (848   )   (464   )
Provision for tax and social security lawsuits   (191   )   (1,898   )   (328   )
Refund of interbank costs   (270   )   (307   )   (272   )
Impairment (2)   (6,201   )   (233   )   (168   )
Other   (3,487   )   (2,267   )   (5,268   )
Total   (64,207   )   (61,012   )   (57,538   )

(1)   At 12/31/2020 comprises R$ (1,047) related to donations for the initiative “Todos pela
Saúde” (All for Health) (Note 33a).

(2)   The effects of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets of Itaú Corpbanca, net of tax effects and
ownership interest of non-controlling shareholders total R$ (1,452).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-73

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 24 – Taxes

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and each one of its subsidiaries calculate separately, in each fiscal year, Income Tax and Social Contribution on
Net Income.

Taxes are calculated at the rates shown below and consider, for effects of respective calculation bases, the legislation in
force applicable to each charge.

Income tax   15.00   %
Additional income tax   10.00   %
Social contribution on net income (*)   20.00   %

(*)   Constitutional Amendment (EC) No. 103/2019: disseminated on November 12, 2019, it provides for the
Social Security and other matters, also addressing the increase of the tax rate of Social Contribution on Net Income for banks set forth in item I of paragraph 1 of article 1 of Supplementary Law No. 105, of January 10, 2001, that was
changed to 20% as from March 1, 2020. For the other financial subsidiaries and equivalent companies, the tax rate remains at 15%, and for the non-financial ones at 9%.

a) Expenses for taxes and contributions

Breakdown of income tax and social contribution calculation:

Due on operations for the
period   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Income / (loss) before income tax and social contribution   5,230   31,243   30,608
Charges (income tax and social contribution) at the rates in effect   (2,354   )   (12,497   )   (13,774   )
Increase / decrease in income tax and social contribution charges arising from:
Share of profit or (loss) of associates and joint ventures   384   614   403
Foreign exchange variation on investments abroad   7,201   711   4,381
Interest on capital   2,765   3,012   3,791
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a IV)   —   —   628
Other nondeductible expenses net of non taxable income (*)   (16,651   )   (932   )   2,007
Income tax and social contribution expenses   (8,655   )   (9,092   )   (2,564   )
Related to temporary differences
Increase / (reversal) for the period   18,489   5,750   (2,650   )
Increase / (reversal) of prior periods   —   (88   )   245
(Expenses) / Income from deferred taxes   18,489   5,662   (2,405   )
Total income tax and social contribution expenses   9,834   (3,430   )   (4,969   )

(*)   Includes temporary (additions) and exclusions.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-74

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

b) Deferred taxes

I - The deferred tax asset balance and its changes, segregated based on its origin and disbursements, are represented by:

12/31/2019   Realization / Reversal   Increase   12/31/2020
Reflected in income   43,380   (12,631   )   29,499   60,248
Provision for expected loss   22,860   (3,885   )   8,958   27,933
Related to tax losses and social contribution loss carryforwards   2,585   (540   )   3,483   5,528
Provision for profit sharing   2,162   (2,162   )   1,903   1,903
Provision for devaluation of securities with permanent impairment   1,530   (877   )   917   1,570
Provisions   6,208   (2,064   )   1,701   5,845
Civil lawsuits   1,413   (547   )   465   1,331
Labor claims   3,251   (1,338   )   1,143   3,056
Tax and social security lawsuits   1,544   (179   )   93   1,458
Legal obligations   723   (7   )   58   774
Adjustments of operations carried out on the futures settlement market   84   (84   )   52   52
Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets – At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   738   (738   )   8,315   8,315
Provision relating to health insurance operations   348   —   8   356
Other   6,142   (2,274   )   4,104   7,972
Reflected in stockholders’ equity   2,354   (1,191   )   212   1,375
Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets – At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive
Income   766   (762   )   56   60
Cash flow hedge   1,187   (429   )   —   758
Other   401   —   156   557
Total (1)(2)   45,734   (13,822   )   29,711   61,623

(1)   Deferred income tax and social contribution assets and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet offset
by a taxable entity and amounting to R$ 56,583 and R$ 421, respectively.

(2)   The accounting records of deferred tax assets on income tax losses and/or social contribution loss
carryforwards, as well as those arising from temporary differences, are based on technical feasibility studies which consider the expected generation of future taxable income, considering the history of profitability for each subsidiary
individually, and for the consolidated taken as a whole.

12/31/2018   Realization / Reversal   Increase   12/31/2019
Reflected in income   37,252   (13,667   )   19,795   43,380
Provision for expected loss   18,563   (4,712   )   9,009   22,860
Related to tax losses and social contribution loss carryforwards   4,391   (2,339   )   533   2,585
Provision for profit sharing   1,844   (1,844   )   2,162   2,162
Provision for devaluation of securities with permanent impairment   1,729   (902   )   703   1,530
Provisions   4,464   (1,552   )   3,296   6,208
Civil lawsuits   1,586   (651   )   478   1,413
Labor claims   2,037   (790   )   2,004   3,251
Tax and social security lawsuits   841   (111   )   814   1,544
Goodwill on purchase of investments   60   (60   )   —   —
Legal obligations   676   (57   )   104   723
Adjustments of operations carried out in futures settlement market   98   (98   )   84   84
Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets – At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   631   (631   )   738   738
Provision relating to health insurance operations   343   —   5   348
Other   4,453   (1,472   )   3,161   6,142
Reflected in stockholders’ equity   1,888   (509   )   975   2,354
Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets – At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive
Income   383   (163   )   546   766
Cash flow hedge   1,149   (93   )   131   1,187
Other   356   (253   )   298   401
Total (1) (2)   39,140   (14,176   )   20,770   45,734

(1)   Deferred income tax and social contribution assets and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet offset
by a taxable entity and amounting to R$ 38,914 and R$ 1,058, respectively.

(2)   At 12/31/2019, deferred tax asset balance comprised its annual revaluation and effects caused by EC 103/2019
in tax rate of the Social Contribution on Net Income, which was increased from 15% to 20%, reaching the institutions set forth in item I of paragraph 1 of article 1 of Supplementary Law No. 105, of January 10, 2001, totaling R$ 1,614.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-75

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

II – The deferred tax liabilities and its changes are represented by:

12/31/2019   Realization / reversal   Increase   12/31/2020
Reflected in income   6,610   (2,951   )   1,194   4,853
Depreciation in excess finance lease   202   (57   )   —   145
Adjustment of deposits in guarantee and provisions   1,531   (133   )   6   1,404
Post-employment benefits   282   (111   )   9   180
Adjustments of operations carried out on the futures settlement market   1,330   (1,330   )   452   452
Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets – At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   1,149   (1,149   )   136   136
Taxation of results abroad – capital gains   581   —   63   644
Other   1,535   (171   )   528   1,892
Reflected in stockholders’ equity   1,268   (859   )   199   608
Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets – At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive
Income   1,228   (826   )   199   601
Cash flow hedge   30   (26   )   —   4
Post-employment benefits   10   (7   )   —   3
Total (*)   7,878   (3,810   )   1,393   5,461

(*)   Deferred income tax and social contribution asset and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet offset
by a taxable entity and amounting to R$ 56,583 and R$ 421, respectively.

12/31/2018   Realization / reversal   Increase   12/31/2019
Reflected in income   6,144   (3,863   )   4,329   6,610
Depreciation in excess finance lease   346   (144   )   —   202
Adjustment of deposits in guarantee and provisions   1,348   (29   )   212   1,531
Post-employment benefits   287   (56   )   51   282
Adjustments of operations carried out on the futures settlement market   923   (923   )   1,330   1,330
Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets – At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   1,790   (1,790   )   1,149   1,149
Taxation of results abroad – capital gains   659   (142   )   64   581
Other   791   (779   )   1,523   1,535
Reflected in stockholders’ equity   662   (262   )   868   1,268
Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets – At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive
Income   474   (107   )   861   1,228
Cash flow hedge   168   (142   )   4   30
Post-employment benefits   7   —   3   10
Other   13   (13   )   —   —
Total (*)   6,806   (4,125   )   5,197   7,878

(*)   Deferred income tax and social contribution asset and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet offset
by a taxable entity and amounting to R$ 38,914 and R$ 1,058, respectively.

III – The estimate of
realization and present value of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are:

Deferred tax assets
Year of realization   Temporary differences   %   Tax loss / social contribution loss carryforwards   %   Total   %   Deferred tax liabilities   %   Net deferred taxes   %
2021   10,792   19   %   971   18   %   11,763   19   %   (168   )   3   %   11,595   21   %
2022   15,832   28   %   521   9   %   16,353   27   %   (500   )   9   %   15,853   28   %
2023   14,821   26   %   566   10   %   15,387   25   %   (186   )   4   %   15,201   27   %
2024   3,245   6   %   664   12   %   3,909   6   %   (136   )   2   %   3,773   7   %
2025   2,571   5   %   714   13   %   3,285   5   %   (212   )   4   %   3,073   5   %
After 2025   8,834   16   %   2,092   38   %   10,926   18   %   (4,259   )   78   %   6,667   12   %
Total   56,095   100   %   5,528   100   %   61,623   100   %   (5,461   )   100   %   56,162   100   %
Present value (*)   53,476   5,147   58,623   (4,847)   53,776

(*)   The average funding rate, net of tax effects, was used to determine the present value.

Projections of future taxable income include estimates of macroeconomic variables, exchange rates, interest rates,
volumes of financial operations and services fees and others factors, which can vary in relation to actual data and amounts.

Net income in
the financial statements is not directly related to the taxable income for income tax and social contribution, due to differences between accounting criteria and the tax legislation, in addition to corporate aspects. Accordingly, it is recommended
that changes in realization of deferred tax assets presented below are not considered as an indication of future net income.

IV -   At 12/31/2020, deferred tax assets not accounted for correspond to R$ 780 and result from Management’s
evaluation of their perspectives of realization in the long term (R$ 605 at 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-76

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c) Tax liabilities

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Taxes and contributions on income payable   970   3,083
Other Taxes and Contributions payable   1,908   914
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 24b II)   421   1,058
Other   2,411   2,836
Total   5,710   7,891

Note 25 – Earnings per share

a) Basic earnings per share

Net income attributable to
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s shareholders is divided by the average number of outstanding shares in the period, excluding treasury shares.

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Net income attributable to owners of the parent company   18,896   27,113   24,907
Minimum non-cumulative dividends on preferred shares   (106   )   (105   )   (104   )
Retained earnings to be distributed to common equity owners in an amount per   (109   )   (109   )   (109   )
share equal to the minimum dividend payable to preferred equity owners
Retained earnings to be distributed, on a pro rata basis, to common andpreferred equity
owners:
Common   9,491   13,693   12,599
Preferred   9,190   13,206   12,095
Total net income available to equity owners:
Common   9,600   13,802   12,708
Preferred   9,296   13,311   12,199
Weighted average number of outstanding shares
Common   4,958,290,359   4,958,290,359   4,958,290,359
Preferred   4,801,324,161   4,781,855,588   4,759,872,085
Basic earnings per share – R$
Common   1.94   2.78   2.56
Preferred   1.94   2.78   2.56

b) Diluted earnings per share

Calculated similarly to the basic earnings per share; however, it includes the conversion of all preferred shares potentially dilutable in the denominator.

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Net income available to preferred equity owners   9,296   13,311   12,199
Dividends on preferred shares after dilution effects   41   64   72
Net income available to preferred equity owners considering preferred shares after the dilution
effect   9,337   13,375   12,271
Net income available to ordinary equity owners   9,600   13,802   12,708
Dividend on preferred shares after dilution effects   (41   )   (64   )   (72   )
Net income available to ordinary equity owners considering preferred shares afterthe dilution
effect   9,559   13,738   12,636
Adjusted weighted average of shares
Common   4,958,290,359   4,958,290,359   4,958,290,359
Preferred   4,843,233,835   4,826,925,107   4,815,473,777
Preferred   4,801,324,161   4,781,855,588   4,759,872,085
Incremental as per share-based payment plans   41,909,674   45,069,519   55,601,692
Diluted earnings per share – R$
Common   1.93   2.77   2.55
Preferred   1.93   2.77   2.55

There was no potentially antidulitive effect of the shares in share-based payment plans in the periods of 2020, 2019 and 2018.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-77

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 26 – Post-employment benefits

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiaries, sponsors retirement plans for its employees.

Retirement plans are managed by Closed-end Private Pension Entities (EFPC) and are closed to new applicants. These entities have an independent structure and
manage their plans according to the characteristics of their regulations.

There are three types of retirement plan:

•   Defined Benefit Plans (BD): plans which scheduled benefits have their value established in advance, based on
salaries and/or length of service of employees, and its cost is actuarially determined;

•   Defined Contribution Plans (CD): are those plans which scheduled benefits have their value permanently adjusted
to the investments balance, kept in favor of the participant, including in the benefit concession phase, considering net proceedings of its investment, amounts contributed and benefits paid; and

•   Variable Contribution Plans (CV): in this type of plan, scheduled benefits present a combination of
characteristics of defined contribution and defined benefit modalities, and the benefit is actuarially determined based on the investments accumulated balance by the participant on the retirement date.

Below is a list of benefit plans and their modalities:

Entity   Benefit Plan   Modality
Fundação Itaú Unibanco – Previdência Complementar - FIU   Supplementary Retirement Plan Supplementary Retirement Plan – Flexible Premium Annuity Franprev Benefit Plan 002 Benefit Plan Prebeg Benefit Plan UBB PREV Defined Benefit Plan Benefit Plan II Itaulam Basic Plan Itaucard Defined Benefit Plan Itaú Unibanco Main Retirement
Plan   Defined Benefit
Itaubanco Defined Contribution Plan Itaubank Retirement Plan Redecard Pension Plan   Defined Contribution
Unibanco Pension Plan – Intelligent Future Itaulam Supplementary Plan Itaucard Variable Contribution
Plan Itaú Unibanco Supplementary Retirement Plan   Variable Contribution
FUNBEP – Fundo de Pensão Multipatrocinado   Benefit Plan l Benefit Plan ll   Defined Benefit Variable Contribution

Defined Contribution plans include pension funds consisting of the portions of sponsor’s contributions not included in a
participant’s account balance due to loss of eligibility for the benefit, and of monies arising from the migration of retirement plans in defined benefit modality. These funds are used for future contributions to individual participants’
accounts, according to the respective benefit plan regulations.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-78

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

a) Main Actuarial Assumptions

Actuarial assumptions of demographic and financial nature should reflect the best estimates about the variables that determine the post-employment benefit
obligations.

The main demographic assumptions comprise: mortality table and turnover of active participants, while the main financial assumptions include:
discount rate, future salary increases, growth of plan benefits and inflation.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Discount rate (1)   7.64% p.a.   7.64% p.a.
Mortality table (2)   AT-2000   AT-2000
Turnover (3)   Itaú Experience 2008/2010   Itaú Experience 2008/2010
Future salary growth   4.00% to 7.12% p.a.   4.00% to 7.12% p.a.
Growth of the pension fund benefits   4.00% p.a.   4.00% p.a.
Inflation   4.00% p.a.   4.00% p.a.
Actuarial method   Projected Unit Credit   Projected Unit Credit

(1)   Determined based on market yield relating to National Treasury Notes (NTN-B) and compatible with the
economic scenario observed on the balance sheet closing date, considering the volatility of interest market and models used.

(2)   Correspond to those disclosed by SOA – “Society of Actuaries”, by applying a 10% increase in
the probabilities of survival regarding the respective basic tables.

(3)   Updated to the new expectation of mass behavior.

Retired plans sponsored by foreign subsidiaries - Banco Itaú (Suisse) S.A., Itaú CorpBanca Colombia S.A. and PROSERV -
Promociones y Servicios S.A. de C.V. - are structured as Defined Benefit modality and adopt actual assumptions adequate to masses of participants and the economic scenario of each country.

b) Risk Management

The EFPCs sponsored by ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING are regulated by the National Council for Complementary Pension (CNPC) and PREVIC, has an Executive Board, Advisory and Tax Councils.

Benefits offered have long-tem characteristics and the main factors involved in the management and measurement of their risks are financial risk, inflation
risk and demographic risk.

- Financial Risk
 – the actuarial liability is calculated by adopting a discount, which may differ from rates
earned in investments. If real income from plan investments is lower than yield expected, this may give rise to a deficit. To mitigate this risk and assure the capacity to pay long-term benefits, the plans have a significant percentage of
fixed-income securities pegged to the plan commitments, aiming at minimizing volatility and risk of mismatch between assets and liabilities. Additionally, adherence tests are carried out in financial assumptions to ensure their adequacy to
obligations of respective plans.

-
Inflation risk
– a large part of liabilities is pegged to inflation risk, making actuarial
liabilities sensitive to increase in rates. To mitigate this risk, the same financial risks mitigation strategies are used.

-

Demographic Risk
– plans that have any obligation actuarially assessed are exposed to demographic risk. In the event the mortality tables used are not adherent to the mass of plan participants, a deficit or surplus may arise in actuarial
evaluation. To mitigate this risk, adherence tests to demographic assumptions are conducted to ensure their adequacy to liabilities of respective plans.

For purposes of registering in the balance sheet the EFPCs that manage them, actuarial liabilities of plans use discount rate adherent to its asset portfolio
and income and expense flows, according to a study prepared by an independent consulting company. The actuarial method used is the aggregate method, through which the plan costing is defined by the difference between its equity coverage and the
current value of its future liabilities, observing the methodology established in the respective actuarial technical note. In the event deficit is verified in the concession period above the settlement limits set forth by the legislation in force, a
debt agreement is entered into with the sponsor with financial guarantees.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-79

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c) Asset management

The purpose of the management of the funds is the long-term balance between pension assets and liabilities with payment of benefits by
exceeding actuarial goals (discount rate plus benefit adjustment index, established in the plan regulations).

Below is a table with the
allocation of assets by category, segmented into Quoted in an Active Market and Not Quoted in an Active Market:

Fair value   % Allocation
Types   12/31/2020   12/31/2019   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Fixed income securities   21,172   20,672   91.16   %   90.93   %
Quoted in an active market   20,804   20,366   89.58   %   89.59   %
Non quoted in an active market   368   306   1.58   %   1.34   %
Variable income securities   1,387   1,392   5.97   %   6.12   %
Quoted in an active market   1,378   1,384   5.93   %   6.09   %
Non quoted in an active market   9   8   0.04   %   0.03   %
Structured investments   82   65   0.35   %   0.29   %
Quoted in an active market   —   —   0.00   %   0.00   %
Non quoted in an active market   82   65   0.35   %   0.29   %
Real estate   506   529   2.18   %   2.33   %
Loans to participants   78   74   0.34   %   0.33   %
Total   23,225   22,732   100.00   %   100.00   %

The defined benefit plan assets include shares of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, its main parent company
(ITAÚSA) and of subsidiaries of the latter, with a fair value of R$ 11 (R$ 11 at 12/31/2019), and real estate rented to group companies, with a fair value of R$ 410 (R$ 445 at 12/31/2019).

d) Other post-employment benefits

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and its subsidiaries do not have additional liabilities related to post-employment benefits, except in cases
arising from maintenance commitments assumed in acquisition agreements occurred over the years, as well as those benefits originated from court decision in the terms and conditions established, in which there is total or partial sponsorship of
health care plan for a specific mass of former employees and their beneficiaries. Its costing is actuarially determined so as to ensure coverage maintenance. These plans are closed to new applicants.

Assumptions for discount rate, inflation, mortality table and actuarial method are the same used for retirement plans. ITAÚ

UNIBANCO HOLDING used the percentage of 4% p.a. for medical inflation and the percentage of 3% p.a. for aging factor, additionally considering,
inflation rate of 4% p.a.

Particularly in other post-employment benefits, there is medical inflation risk associated to increase in
medical costs above expectation. To mitigate this risk, the same financial risks mitigation strategies are used.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-80

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

e) Change in the net amount recognized in the balance sheet

The net amount recognized in the Balance Sheet is limited by the asset ceiling and it is computed based on estimated future contributions to be
realized by the sponsor, so that it represents the maximum reduction amount in the contributions to be made.

12/31/2020
BD and CV plans   CD plans   Other post- employment benefits Liabilities   Total Recognized amount
Net assets   Actuarial liabilities   Asset ceiling   Recognized amount   Pension plan fund   Asset ceiling   Recognized amount
Amounts at the beginning of the period   22,732   (19,659   )   (3,761   )   (688   )   1,475   (849   )   626   (967   )   (1,029   )
Amounts recognized in income (1+2+3+4)   1,731   (1,578   )   (287   )   (134   )   20   (65   )   (45   )   (76   )   (255   )
1 - Cost of current service   —   (80   )   —   (80   )   —   —   —   —   (80   )
2 - Cost of past service   —   (1   )   —   (1   )   —   —   —   —   (1   )
3 - Net interest (1)   1,731   (1,497   )   (287   )   (53   )   112   (65   )   47   (76   )   (82   )
4 - Other expenses (2)   —   —   —   —   (92   )   —   (92   )   —   (92   )
Amounts recognized in stockholders´ equity - other comprehensive income
(5+6+7)   (75   )   (669   )   406   (338   )   (41   )   (37   )   (78   )   6   (410   )
5 - Effects on asset ceiling   —   —   406   406   —   (37   )   (37   )   —   369
6 - Remeasurements   (113   )   (588   )   —   (701   )   (41   )   —   (41   )   6   (736   )
Changes in demographic assumptions   —   (11   )   —   (11   )   —   —   —   —   (11   )
Changes in financial assumptions   —   13   —   13   —   —   —   12   25
Experience of the plan (3)   (113   )   (590   )   —   (703   )   (41   )   —   (41   )   (6   )   (750   )
7 - Exchange variation   38   (81   )   —   (43   )   —   —   —   —   (43   )
Other (8+9)   (1,163   )   1,244   —   81   —   —   —   115   196
8 - Benefits paid   (1,244   )   1,244   —   —   —   —   —   115   115
9 - Contributions and investments from sponsor   81   —   —   81   —   —   —   —   81
Amounts at end of the period   23,225   (20,662   )   (3,642   )   (1,079   )   1,454   (951   )   503   (922   )   (1,498   )
Amount recognized in Assets (Note 18a)   82   503   —   585
Amount recognized in Liabilities (Note 18b)   (1,161   )   —   (922   )   (2,083   )

12/31/2019
BD and CV plans   CD plans   Other post- employment benefits Liabilities   Total Recognized amount
Net assets   Actuarial liabilities   Asset ceiling   Recognized amount   Pension plan fund   Asset ceiling   Recognized amount
Amounts at the beginning of the period   18,808   (15,447   )   (3,664   )   (303   )   1,604   (939   )   665   (282   )   80
Amounts recognized in income (1+2+3+4)   1,769   (1,505   )   (355   )   (91   )   49   (91   )   (42   )   (459   )   (592   )
1 - Cost of current service   —   (70   )   —   (70   )   —   —   —   —   (70   )
2 - Cost of past service   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (418   )   (418   )
3 - Net interest (1)   1,769   (1,435   )   (355   )   (21   )   151   (91   )   60   (41   )   (2   )
4 - Other expenses (2)   —   —   —   —   (102   )   —   (102   )   —   (102   )
Amounts recognized in stockholders´ equity - other comprehensive income
(5+6+7)   3,249   (3,881   )   258   (374   )   (178   )   181   3   (261   )   (632   )
5 - Effects on asset ceiling   —   —   384   384   —   176   176   —   560
6 - Remeasurements   3,255   (3,907   )   (126   )   (778   )   (178   )   5   (173   )   (261   )   (1,212   )
Changes in demographic assumptions   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Changes in financial assumptions   —   (3,610   )   —   (3,610   )   —   —   —   (123   )   (3,733   )
Experience of the plan (3)   3,255   (297   )   (126   )   2,832   (178   )   5   (173   )   (138   )   2,521
7 - Exchange variation   (6   )   26   —   20   —   —   —   —   20
Other (8+9)   (1,094   )   1,174   —   80   —   —   —   35   115
8 - Benefits paid   (1,174   )   1,174   —   —   —   —   —   35   35
9 - Contributions and investments from sponsor   80   —   —   80   —   —   —   —   80
Amounts at end of the period   22,732   (19,659   )   (3,761   )   (688   )   1,475   (849   )   626   (967   )   (1,029   )
Amount recognized in Assets (Note 18a)   91   626   —   717
Amount recognized in Liabilities (Note 18b)   (779   )   —   (967   )   (1,746   )

(1)   Corresponds to the amount calculated on 01/01/2020 based on the initial amount (Net Assets, Actuarial
Liabilities and Restriction of Assets), taking into account the estimated amount of payments/ receipts of benefits/ contributions, multiplied by the discount rate of 7.64% p.a.(At 01/01/2019 the rate used was 9.72% p.a.).

(2)   Corresponds to the use of asset amounts allocated in pension funds of the defined contribution plans.

(3)   Correspond to the income obtained above/below the expected return and comprise the contributions made by
participants.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-81

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

f) Defined benefit contribution

Estimated contribution   Contributions made
2021   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019
Retirement plan - FIU   47   45   45
Retiremente plan - FUNBEP   3   5   8
Total   50   50   53

g) Maturity profile of defined benefit liabilities

Duration (*)   2021   2022   2023   2024   2025   2026 to 2030
Pension plan - FIU   11.65   882   915   949   985   1,021   5,595
Pension plan - FUNBEP   10.51   457   472   488   503   517   2,757
Other post-employment benefits   9.51   124   125   136   131   35   198
Total   1,463   1,512   1,573   1,619   1,573   8,550

(*)   Average duration of plan´s actuarial liabilities.

h) Sensitivity analysis

To measure the
effects of changes in the key assumptions, sensitivity tests are conducted in actuarial liabilities annually. The sensitivity analysis considers a vision of the impacts caused by changes in assumptions, which could affect the income for the period
and stockholders’ equity at the balance sheet date. This type of analysis is usually carried out under the
ceteris paribus
condition, in which the sensitivity of a system is measured when only one variable of interest is changed and all
the others remain unchanged. The results obtained are shown in the table below:

BD and CV plans   Other post-employment benefits
Main assumptions   Present value of liability   Income   Stockholders´ equity (Other Comprehensive Incom e) (*)   Present value of liability   Income   Stockholders´ equity (Other Comprehensive Income) (*)
Discount rate
Increase by 0.5%   (1,019   )   —   346   (39   )   —   39
Decrease by 0.5%   1,116   —   (533   )   44   —   (44   )
Mortality table
Increase by 5%   (281   )   —   94   (14   )   —   14
Decrease by 5%   295   —   (99   )   15   —   (15   )
Medical inflation
Increase by 1%   —   —   —   101   —   (101   )
Decrease by 1%   —   —   —   (81   )   —   81

(*)   Net of effects of asset ceiling

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-82

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 27 – Insurance contracts and private pension

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiaries, offers to the market insurance and private pension products, with the purpose of assuming risks and
restoring the economic balance of the insured’s assets. Products are offered through insurance brokers (independent and captive brokers), Itaú Unibanco’s electronic channels and branches, in compliance with the regulatory
requirements, of the National Council of Private Insurance – CNSP and the Superintendence of Private Insurance - SUSEP.

I – Insurance

A contract entered into by the parties to protect the customer’s assets, upon payment of a premium, by means of replacement or
pre-established financial compensation, against damage their property or their person. As backing, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING insurance companies set up technical reserves, through specialized areas within the conglomerate, with the objective of
indemnifying policyholders’ losses in the event of claims of insured risks.

The insurance risks sold by ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING’s insurance companies are divided into property and casualty insurance, covering loss, damage or liabilities for assets or persons, and life insurance that includes coverage for death and personal accidents.

II – Private pension

Designed to
ensure the maintenance of the quality of life of participants, as a supplement to the government plans, through long term investments, private pension products are divided into three major groups:

•   PGBL – Free Benefit Generating Plan: The main objective of this plan is the accumulation of financial
resources, but it can be purchased with additional risk coverage. Recommended for customers that file the full version of the income tax return, because they can deduct contributions paid for tax purposes up to 12% of their annual taxable gross
income;

•   VGBL - Free Benefit Generating Life Plan: This is insurance structured as a pension plan. Its taxation
differs from the PGBL; in this case, the tax basis is the earned income; and

•   FGB – Benefit Generating Fund: This is a pension plan with minimum income guarantee, and possibility
of receiving earnings from asset performance. Although there are plans still in existence, they are no longer sold.

III –
Technical provision for insurance and private pensions

The technical provisions for insurance and private pensions are recognized
according to the technical notes approved by SUSEP and criteria established by current legislation, as follows:

•   Provision for unearned premiums (PPNG) – this provision is recognized, based on insurance premiums,
to cover amounts payable for future claims and expenses. In the calculation, the term to maturity of risks assumed and issued and risks in effect but not issued (PPNG-RVNE) in the policies or endorsements of contracts in force is taken pro rata on a
daily basis;

•   Provision for unsettled claims (PSL) – this provision is recognized to cover expected amounts for
reported and unpaid claims, including administrative and judicial claims. It includes amounts related to indemnities, reserve funds and past-due income, all gross of reinsurance operations and net of coinsurance operations, when applicable. When
necessary, it must cover adjustments for IBNER (claims incurred but not sufficiently reported) for the total of claims reported but not yet paid, a total which may change during the process up to final settlement;

•   Provision for claims incurred and not reported (IBNR) - this provision is recognized for the coverage of
expected amount for settlement of claims incurred but not reported up to the calculation base date, including administrative and judicial claims. It includes amounts related to indemnities, reserve funds and income, all gross of reinsurance
operations and net of coinsurance operations;

•   Mathematical provisions for benefits to be granted (PMBAC) - recognized for the coverage of commitments
assumed to participants or policyholders, based on the provisions of the contract, while the event that gives rise to the benefit and/or indemnity has not occurred;

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-83

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

•   Mathematical provisions for benefits granted (PMBC) - recognized for the coverage of commitments to
payment of indemnities and/or benefits to participants or insured parties, based on the provisions of the contract, after the event has occurred;

•   Provision for financial surplus (PEF) - it is recognized to guarantee amounts intended for the
distribution of financial surplus, if provided for in the contract. Corresponds to the financial income exceeding the minimum return guaranteed in the product;

•   Supplemental Coverage Reserve (PCC) - recognized when technical reserves are found to be insufficient, as
shown by the Liability Adequacy Test, provided for in the regulations;

•   Provision for redemptions and other amounts to be regularized (PVR) - this provision is recognized for the
coverage of amounts related to redemptions to be regularized, returned premiums or funds, transfers requested but, for any reason, not yet transferred to the recipient insurance company or open private pension entity, and where premiums have been
received but not quoted;

•   Provision for related expenses (PDR) - recognized for the coverage of expected amounts related to expenses
on benefits and indemnities, due to events which have occurred or will occur.

IV - Main information related to Insurance and Private
Pension operations

a) Indexes

Sales ratio %   Loss ratio %
Main Insurance Lines   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Group Accident Insurance   33.8   35.1   34.3   11.3   6.8   9.4
Individual Accident Insurance   18.8   18.8   14.1   29.4   24.1   20.8
Credit Life Insurance   24.2   23.7   20.4   22.3   18.0   18.3
Random Events   23.5   23.5   20.3   34.3   26.3   17.1
Multiple Peril   44.4   46.4   48.1   52.9   60.2   53.3
Mortagage Insurance in Market Policies – Credit Life Insurance   20.4   20.0   20.4   18.5   17.3   15.3
Group Life   24.0   23.2   15.1   41.0   34.4   33.2

b) Revenues from insurance premiuns and private pension

Premiums and contributions
Main lines   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Group Accident Insurance   847   867   689
Individual Accident Insurance   187   222   280
Disability Savings Pension   258   269   291
PGBL   2,235   2,282   2,193
Credit Life Insurance   624   946   879
Random Events   195   227   235
Multiple Peril   370   290   209
Mortagage Insurance in Market Policies – Credit Life Insurance   339   324   288
Traditional   117   115   122
VGBL   8,022   12,335   17,154
Group Life   955   947   937
Other lines   655   800   820
Total   14,804   19,624   24,097

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-84

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c) Technical provisions balances

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Insurance   Private Pension   Total   Insurance   Private Pension   Total
Unearned premiums (PPNG)   2,298   12   2,310   2,343   13   2,356
Mathematical provisions for benefits to be granted (PMBAC) and granted benefits (PMBC)   17   215,216   215,233   204   212,274   212,478
Redemptions and Other Unsettled Amounts (PVR)   16   332   348   13   318   331
Financial surplus (PEF)   2   655   657   2   610   612
Unsettled claims (PSL)   515   68   583   571   47   618
Claims / events incurred but not reported (IBNR)   294   22   316   277   22   299
Related Expenses (PDR)   29   88   117   28   89   117
Other provisions   132   1,304   1,436   250   1,273   1,523
Total   3,303   217,697   221,000   3,688   214,646   218,334
Current   2,537   526   3,063   2,613   493   3,106
Non-current   766   217,171   217,937   1,075   214,153   215,228

d) Change in technical provisions

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Insurance   Private pension   Total   Insurance   Private pension   Total
Opening balance - 01/01   3,688   214,646   218,334   3,809   197,378   201,187
(+) Additions arising from premiums / contributions   4,176   10,389   14,565   4,634   14,735   19,369
(-) Deferral due to elapsed risk   (4,221   )   —   (4,221   )   (4,216   )   —   (4,216   )
(-) Payment of claims / benefits   (1,263   )   (364   )   (1,627   )   (1,349   )   (566   )   (1,915   )
(+) Reported claims   1,322   —   1,322   1,465   —   1,465
(-) Redemptions   —   (15,431   )   (15,431   )   —   (15,623   )   (15,623   )
(+/-) Net Portability   —   563   563   —   1,754   1,754
(+) Adjustment of reserves and financial surplus   12   7,837   7,849   10   16,507   16,517
(+/-) Other (increase / reversal)   (190   )   57   (133   )   (665   )   461   (204   )
(+/-) Corporate Reorganization   (221   )   —   (221   )   —   —   —
Closing balance   3,303   217,697   221,000   3,688   214,646   218,334

Through actuarial models based mainly on the portfolio historical experience and on macroeconomic projections, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING establishes the assumptions that influence the assessment of technical provisions. The assumptions are reassessed annually by experts of the actuarial and risk area, and are subsequently submitted to the executive’s approval.
The effects on assumptions are recognized in income for the period in which they occurred.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-85

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

V - Deferred acquisition costs

They are recorded in assets and charges are shown in the table below:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Opening Balance - 01/01   495   409
Increase   1,089   1,156
Amortization   (1,088   )   (1,070   )
Closing Balance   496   495
Balance to be amortized in up to 12 months   380   389
Balance to be amortized after 12 months   116   106

VI - Table of Claims Development

Provision for unsettled claims (PSL)   583
(-) IBNER   245
(-) Reinsurance   20
(-) Retrocession and other estimates   (19   )
Liability claims presented in the claims development table (a + b)   337

The amount of obligations of the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING may change. The first part of the table shows how the final loss
estimate changes through time. The second part of the table reconciles the amounts pending payment and the liability disclosed in the balance sheet.

a) Administratives claims - net of reinsurance

Occurrence date   12/31/2016   12/31/2017   12/31/2018   12/31/2019   12/31/2020   Total
At the end of reporting period   938   934   993   1,149   1,222
After 1 year   981   977   1,012   1,132
After 2 years   1,001   975   1,014
After 3 years   1,078   973
After 4 years   1,075
Current estimate   1,075   973   1,014   1,132   1,222
Accumulated payments through base date   1,058   960   1,000   1,117   1,122   5,257
Liabilities recognized in the balance sheet   17   13   14   15   100   159
Liabilities in relation to prior periods   26
Total administratives claims   185

b) Judicial claims - net of reinsurance

Occurrence date   12/31/2016   12/31/2017   12/31/2018   12/31/2019   12/31/2020   Total
At the end of reporting period   26   28   16   20   12
After 1 year   35   40   33   36
After 2 years   43   51   47
After 3 years   55   60
After 4 years   63
Current estimate   63   60   47   36   12
Accumulated payments through base date   52   50   35   25   4   166
Liabilities recognized in the balance sheet   11   10   12   11   8   52
Liabilities in relation to prior periods   100
Total judicial claims   152

The breakdown of the claims development table into administrative and judicial shows the reallocation of admininstrative claims
up to a certain base date and that become judicial claims afterwards, which may give the wrong impression of need for adjusting the provisions in each breakdown.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-86

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

VII - Liability Adequacy Test

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING tests for Liability Adequacy semiannually, by comparing the amount recognized for its technical reserves with the current estimate
of cash flow of its future obligations. The estimate should include all cash flows related to the business, which is the minimum requirement for carrying out the adequacy test.

The Liability Adequacy Test did not indicate significant insufficiency in 2020, 2019 and 2018.

The assumptions used in the test are periodically reviewed and are based on best practices and an analysis of subsidiaries’ experience, thus representing
the best estimates for cash flow projections.

Methodology and test grouping

Specifically for insurance products, cash flows were projected using the method known as the run-off triangle for quarterly frequency periods. For pension
products, cash flows for the deferral and concession phases are tested separately.

The risk grouping criteria include groups subject to similar risks that
are jointly managed as a single portfolio.

Demographic tables

Demographic tables are instruments to measure the demographic risk represented by the probability of death, survival or disability of a participant.

For death and survival estimates, the latest Brazilian Market Insurer Experience tables (BR-EMS) are used, adjusted according to Scale G life expectancy
development, and the Álvaro Vindas table is used to estimate benefit requests for disability.

Risk-free interest rate

The relevant risk-free forward interest -rate structure (ETTJ) is an indicator of the pure time value of money used to price the set of projected cash flows.

The ETTJ was obtained from the curve of securities deemed to be credit risk free, available in the Brazilian financial market and determined by
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING using its own method, plus a spread, which takes into account the impact of the market result of securities classified as Financial assets at amortized cost in the Guarantee assets portfolio.

Annuity conversion rate

The annuity conversion rate
represents the expected conversion of balances accumulated by participants in retirement benefits. The decision by participants convert into an annuity is influenced by behavioral, economic and tax factors.

Other assumptions

Related expenses, cancellations and
partial redemptions, future additions and contributions, are among the assumptions that affect the estimate of projected cash flows since they represent expenses and income arising from insurance agreements assumed.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-87

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 28 – Fair value of financial instruments

In cases where market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques. These techniques
are significantly affected by the assumptions adopted, including the discount rate and estimate of future cash flows. The estimated fair value obtained through these techniques cannot be substantiated by comparison with independent markets and, in
many cases, cannot be achieved on immediate settlement of the instrument.

The following table summarizes the book values and estimated fair values for
financial instruments:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Book value   Fair value (*)   Book value   Fair value
Cash   (a   )   46,224   46,224   30,367   30,367
Financial assets   1,851,322   1,861,146   1,501,481   1,513,562
At Amortized Cost   1,275,799   1,285,623   1,101,892   1,113,973
Central Bank compulsory deposits   (a   )   90,059   90,059   91,248   91,248
Interbank deposits   (b   )   55,685   55,883   34,583   34,622
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   (a   )   239,943   239,943   198,428   198,428
Securities   (c   )   129,804   131,159   133,119   135,891
Loan and Financial Lease   (d   )   714,104   722,375   585,791   595,061
Other financial assets   (e   )   93,255   93,255   94,752   94,752
(-) Provision for Expected Loss   (47,051   )   (47,051   )   (36,029   )   (36,029   )
At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income   109,942   109,942   76,660   76,660
Securities   (c   )   109,942   109,942   76,660   76,660
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   465,581   465,581   322,929   322,929
Securities   (c   )   389,071   389,071   281,075   281,075
Derivatives   (c   )   76,504   76,504   41,854   41,854
Other financial assets   6   6   —   —
Financial liabilities   1,579,686   1,581,953   1,211,999   1,214,196
At Amortized Cost   1,495,641   1,497,908   1,159,830   1,162,027
Deposits   (b   )   809,010   808,965   507,060   507,110
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   (a   )   273,364   273,364   256,583   256,583
Interbank market funds   (b   )   156,035   156,106   174,862   174,949
Institutional market funds   (b   )   138,308   140,549   104,244   106,304
Other financial liabilities   (e   )   118,924   118,924   117,081   117,081
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   79,653   79,653   48,029   48,029
Derivatives   (c   )   79,505   79,505   47,828   47,828
Structured notes   143   143   201   201
Other financial liabilities   5   5   —   —
Provision for Expected Loss   4,392   4,392   4,140   4,140
Loan Commitments   3,485   3,485   3,303   3,303
Financial Guarantees   907   907   837   837

(*)   In the period, the result of Derivatives, as well as Adjustment to Fair Value of Financial Assets
(particularly private securities) had their amounts affected by oscillations of rates and other market variables arising from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the macroeconomic scenario in the period (Note 33a).

Financial instruments not included in the Balance Sheet (Note 32) are represented by Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees provided, which amount
to R$ 110,410 (R$ 81,733 at 12/31/2019) with an estimated fair value of R$ 520 (R$ 968 at 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-88

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

The methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value are defined below:

a)   Cash, Central Bank compulsory deposits, Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities sold
under repurchase agreements – The carrying amounts for these instruments are close to their fair values.

b)   Interbank deposits, Deposits, Interbank and Institutional Market Funds – they are calculated by
discounting estimated cash flows at market interest rates.

c)   Securities and Derivatives – Under normal conditions, the prices quoted in the market are the best
indicators of the fair values of these financial instruments. However, not all instruments have liquidity or quoted market prices and, in such cases, it is necessary to adopt present value estimates and other techniques to establish their fair
value. In the absence of prices quoted by the Brazilian Association of Financial and Capital Markets Entities (ANBIMA), the fair values of government securities are determined based on the interest rates provided by brokers. The fair values of
corporate securities are calculated by discounting estimated cash flows at market interest rates. The fair values of shares are based on the prices quoted in the market. The fair values of derivative financial instruments were determined as follows:

•   Swaps: The cash flows are discounted to present value based on yield curves that reflect the appropriate
risk factors, mainly following swap prices on B3 for derivatives, of Brazilian government securities in the secondary market or derivatives and securities traded abroad. These yield curves may be used to obtain the fair value of currency swaps,
interest rate swaps and swaps based on other risk factors (commodities, stock exchange indices, etc.).

•   Futures and forwards: Quotations on exchanges or using criteria identical to those applied to swaps.

•   Options: Determined through mathematical models, such as Black-Scholes, using data, in general from
Bloomberg, for implicit volatility, interest rate yield curve and fair value of the underlying asset. Current market prices of options are used to compute the implicit volatilities.

•   Credit Derivatives: They are inversely related to the probability of default (PD) in a financial
instrument subject to credit risk. The process of adjusting the market price of these spreads is based on the differences between the yield curves with and without credit risk.

d)   Loans and financial leases – Fair value is estimated for groups of loans with similar financial and
risk characteristics, using valuation models. The fair value of fixed-rate loans was determined by discounting estimated cash flows, at interest rates applicable to similar loans. For the majority of loans at floating rates, the carrying amount was
considered to be close to their market value. The fair value of loan and lease operations not overdue was calculated by discounting the expected payments of principal and interest to maturity. The fair value of overdue loan and lease transactions
was based on the discount of estimated cash flows, using a rate proportional to the risk associated with the estimated cash flows, or on the underlying collateral. The assumptions for cash flows and discount rates rely on information available in
the market and knowledge of the individual debtor.

e)   Other financial assets / liabilities – primarily composed of receivables from credit card issuers,
deposits in guarantee for contingent liabilities, provisions and legal obligations and trading and intermediation of securities. The carrying amounts for these assets/liabilities substantially approximate to their fair values, since they principally
represent amounts to be received in the short term from credit card holders and to be paid to credit card issuers, deposits in guarantee (indexed to market rates) made by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING to secure lawsuits or very short-term receivables
(generally with a maturity of approximately 5 business days). All of these items represent assets / liabilities without significant associated market, credit or liquidity risks.

Level 1:
Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. An active market is a market
in which transactions for the asset or liability being measured occur often enough and with sufficient volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-89

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Level 2:
Input that is not observable for the asset or liability either directly or indirectly. Level
2 generally includes: (i) quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; (ii) quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, that is, markets in which there are few
transactions for the asset or liability, the prices are not current, or quoted prices vary substantially either over time or among market makers, or in which little information is released publicly; (iii) inputs other than quoted prices that
are observable for the asset or liability (for example, interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals, volatilities, etc.); (iv) inputs that are mainly derived from or corroborated by observable market data through
correlation or by other means.

Level 3:
Inputs are not observable for the asset or liability. Unobservable information is used to measure fair
value to the extent that observable information is not available, thus allowing for situations in which there is little, or no market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, including Derivatives, and at fair value through other comprehensive income:

Level 1:
Highly-liquid securities with prices available in an active market and derivatives traded on stock exchanges. This classification level
includes most of the Brazilian government securities, other foreign government securities, shares and debentures traded on stock exchanges and other securities traded in an active market.

Level 2:
When pricing information is not available for a specific security, valuation is usually based on prices quoted in the market for similar
instruments, pricing information obtained from pricing services, such as Bloomberg, Reuters and brokers (only when the prices represent actual transactions) or discounted cash flows, which use information for assets actively traded in an active
market. These securities are classified at Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and consist of certain Brazilian government securities, debentures, some government securities quoted in a less liquid market than for Level 1, and some share prices in
investment funds.

Derivatives included in Level 2 are credit default swaps, cross- currency swaps, interest rate swaps, simple options and some
forwards
,
 since information adopted by pricing models is immediately observable in actively quoted markets. The models used for these instruments are Black-Scholes, Garman & Kohlhagen, Monte Carlo and discounted cash flow.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not hold positions in alternative investment funds or private equity funds.

Level 3:
When there is no pricing information in an active market, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses internally developed models, from curves generated
according to a proprietary model. Level 3 classification includes some Brazilian government and corporate securities falling due after 2025 which are not usually traded in an active market.

Derivatives with fair values classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are composed of exotic options, certain swaps indexed to non-observable inputs,
and swaps with other products, such as swap with options or with verification, credit derivatives and futures of certain commodities.

All the above
methods may result in a fair value that is not indicative of the net realizable value or future fair values. However, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING believes that all the method used are appropriate and consistent with other market participants.
Moreover, the adoption of different methods or assumptions to estimate fair value may result in different fair value estimates at the balance sheet date.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-90

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Distribution by level

The following table presents the breakdown of fair value hierarchy levels.

The following table presents the breakdown of fair value hierarchy levels.   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   312,572   70,791   1,968   385,331   234,583   43,738   1,719   280,040
Investment funds   576   13,628   —   14,204   318   7,949   —   8,267
Brazilian government securities   279,180   6,705   —   285,885   216,167   3,444   —   219,611
Government securities – other countries   8,210   —   —   8,210   1,520   —   —   1,520
Argentina   1,498   —   —   1,498   318   —   —   318
Chile   840   —   —   840   488   —   —   488
Colombia   3,603   —   —   3,603   409   —   —   409
United States   2,085   —   —   2,085   141   —   —   141
Italy   130   —   —   130   —   —   —   —
Mexico   5   —   —   5   57   —   —   57
Paraguay   3   —   —   3   2   —   —   2
Peru   5   —   —   5   8   —   —   8
Uruguay   41   —   —   41   97   —   —   97
Corporate securities   24,606   50,458   1,968   77,032   16,578   32,345   1,719   50,642
Shares   14,176   4,871   —   19,047   9,847   4,790   —   14,637
Rural product note   —   2,285   64   2,349   —   —   —   —
Bank deposit certificates   —   729   —   729   —   792   —   792
Real estate receivables certificates   —   —   548   548   —   —   1,444   1,444
Debentures   7,962   20,625   1,350   29,937   4,667   7,763   225   12,655
Eurobonds and others   2,383   —   —   2,383   2,064   102   7   2,173
Financial bills   —   15,777   6   15,783   —   18,501   13   18,514
Promissory notes   —   5,616   —   5,616   —   313   —   313
Other   85   555   —   640   —   84   30   114
Other Financial Assets   —   6   —   6   —   —   —   —
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   84,239   25,703   —   109,942   72,455   4,171   34   76,660
Brazilian government securities   66,701   1,248   —   67,949   49,879   853   —   50,732
Government securities – other countries   12,751   21,651   —   34,402   20,571   —   —   20,571
Germany   —   —   —   —   23   —   —   23
Chile   —   21,651   —   21,651   11,208   —   —   11,208
Colombia   3,986   —   —   3,986   3,878   —   —   3,878
United States   3,750   —   —   3,750   2,756   —   —   2,756
Italy   —   —   —   —   329   —   —   329
Mexico   1,181   —   —   1,181   —   —   —   —
Paraguay   2,947   —   —   2,947   1,780   —   —   1,780
Uruguay   887   —   —   887   597   —   —   597
Corporate securities   4,787   2,804   —   7,591   2,005   3,318   34   5,357
Shares   1,382   —   —   1,382   149   —   —   149
Bank deposit certificates   —   307   —   307   —   2,371   —   2,371
Real estate receivables certificates   —   —   —   —   —   —   26   26
Debentures   419   470   —   889   334   —   —   334
Eurobonds and others   2,986   2,027   —   5,013   1,522   947   8   2,477
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   3,740   —   —   3,740   1,035   —   —   1,035
Brazilian external debt bonds   3,740   —   —   3,740   1,035   —   —   1,035
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss   —   5   —   5   —   —   —   —
Other financial liabilities   —   5   —   5   —   —   —   —
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss   —   143   —   143   —   201   —   201
Structured notes   —   143   —   143   —   201   —   201

The following table presents the breakdown of fair value hierarchy levels for derivative assets and liabilities.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Assets   23   76,376   105   76,504   14   41,737   103   41,854
Swap Contracts – adjustment receivable   —   45,926   93   46,019   —   26,426   32   26,458
Option Contracts   4   20,402   12   20,418   —   8,385   71   8,456
Forward Contracts   —   2,085   —   2,085   —   2,162   —   2,162
Credit derivatives   —   156   —   156   —   167   —   167
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   —   7,596   —   7,596   —   4,446   —   4,446
Other derivative financial instruments   19   211   —   230   14   151   —   165
Liabilities   (22   )   (79,373   )   (110   )   (79,505   )   (7   )   (47,736   )   (85   )   (47,828   )
Swap Contracts – adjustment payable   —   (51,680   )   (109   )   (51,789   )   —   (32,881   )   (46   )   (32,927   )
Option Contracts   (13   )   (20,248   )   (1   )   (20,262   )   —   (9,022   )   (39   )   (9,061   )
Forward Contracts   —   (905   )   —   (905   )   —   (754   )   —   (754   )
Credit derivatives   —   (76   )   —   (76   )   —   (40   )   —   (40   )
NDF - Non Deliverable Forward   —   (6,426   )   —   (6,426   )   —   (4,971   )   —   (4,971   )
Other derivative financial instruments   (9   )   (38   )   —   (47   )   (7   )   (68   )   —   (75   )

There were no significant transfer between Level 1 and Level 2 during the periods of 12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019. Transfers to
and from Level 3 are presented in movements of Level 3.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-91

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Measurement of Level 2 fair value based on pricing services and brokers

To ensure that the fair value of these instruments is properly classified as Level 2, in -house analysis of information received are conducted, so as to
understand the nature of the inputs used by the service provider.

Prices provided by pricing services that meet the following requirements are considered
Level 2: input is immediately available, regularly distributed, provided by sources actively involved in significant markets and it is not proprietary.

For financial instruments classified as Level 2, the pricing service or brokers were used to price securities substantially represented by:

•   Debentures: When available, we use price information for transactions recorded in the Brazilian Debenture
System (SND), an electronic platform operated by B3, which provides multiple services for transactions involving debentures in the secondary market. Alternatively, prices of debentures provided by ANBIMA are used. Its methodology includes obtaining,
on a daily basis, illustrative non-binding prices from a group of market players deemed to be significant. Such information is subject to statistical filters intended to eliminate outliers.

•   Financial Bills: In order to mark Financial Bills to market, it is necessary to calculate its future value
by projecting the notional issue value and its yields established by contract (fixed rate, floating rate or price index) and discounting the fixed curve in reais, obtained through DI Futures prices traded on B3.

•   Global and corporate securities: The pricing process for these securities consists of capturing from 2 to
8 quotes from Bloomberg, depending on the asset. The method then compares the highest purchase prices and the lowest sale prices of trades provided by Bloomberg for the last day of the month. These prices are compared with information from purchase
orders that the Institutional Treasury of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING provides to Bloomberg. Should the difference between them be lower than 0.5%, the average price of Bloomberg is used. If it is higher than 0.5% or if the Institutional Treasury
does not provide information on this specific security, the average price gathered directly from other banks is used. The Institutional Treasury price is used as a reference only and never in the computation of the final price.

Level 3 recurring fair value measurements

The departments in charge of defining and applying the pricing models are segregated from the business areas. The models are documented, submitted to
validation by an independent area and approved by a specific committee. The daily process of price capture, calculation and disclosure is periodically checked according to formally defined tests and criteria and the information is stored in a single
corporate data base.

The most frequent cases of assets classified as Level 3 are justified by the discount factors used. Factors such as the fixed
interest curve in Brazilian Reais and the TR coupon curve – and, as a result, their related factors – have inputs with terms shorter than the maturities of fixed-income assets. For swaps, the indexers for both legs are analyzed. There are
some cases in which the input periods are shorter than the maturity of the derivative.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-92

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Level 3 recurring fair value changes

The tables below show balance sheet changes for financial instruments classified by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
Derivative financial instruments classified in Level 3 correspond to other derivatives indexed to shares.

Total gains or losses (realized / unrealized)
Fair value at 12/31/2019   Recognized in income   Recognized in other comprehensive income   Purchases   Settlements   Transfers in and /or out of Level   Fair value at 12/31/2020   Total Gains or Losses (Unrealized)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   1,719   (1,160   )   —   1,619   (779   )   569   1,968   (700   )
Corporate securities   1,719   (1,160   )   —   1,619   (779   )   569   1,968   (700   )
Real estate receivables certificates   1,444   (726   )   —   263   (433   )   —   548   (14   )
Debentures   225   (369   )   —   1,050   (272   )   716   1,350   (635   )
Rural Product Note   —   (55   )   —   227   (19   )   (89   )   64   (51   )
Eurobonds and other   7   (6   )   —   69   (12   )   (58   )   —   —
Financial bills   13   (2   )   —   —   (5   )   —   6   —
Other   30   (2   )   —   10   (38   )   —   —   —
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   34   7   ( 6   )   248   (167   )   (116   )   —   —
Corporate securities   34   7   (6   )   248   (167   )   (116   )   —   —
Real estate receivables certificates   26   —   —   —   (26   )   —   —   —
Eurobonds and other   8   7   (6   )   248   (141   )   (116   )   —   —

Fair value at 12/31/2019   Total gains or losses (realized / unrealized)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfers in and / or out of Level   Fair value at 12/31/2020   Total Gains or Losses (Unrealized)
Recognized in income   Recognized in other comprehensive income
Derivatives – assets   103   89   —   193   (234   )   (46   )   105   51
Swap Contracts – adjustment receivable   32   107   —   10   (11   )   (45   )   93   91
Option Contracts   71   (18   )   —   183   (223   )   (1   )   12   (40   )
Derivatives – liabilities   (85   )   (93   )   —   (130   )   177   21   (110   )   (90   )
Swap Contracts – adjustment payable   (46   )   (74   )   —   (12   )   1   22   (109   )   (90   )
Option Contracts   (39   )   (19   )   —   (118   )   176   (1   )   (1   )   —

Fair value at 12/31/2018   Total gains or losses (realized / unrealized)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfers in and / or out of Level   Fair value at 12/31/2019   Total Gains or Losses (Unrealized)
Recognized in income   Recognized in other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   2,833   (1,300   )   —   1,755   (907   )   (662   )   1,719   (307   )
Corporate securities   2,833   (1,300   )   —   1,755   (907   )   (662   )   1,719   (307   )
Shares   1,268   (285   )   —   —   —   (983   )   —   —
Real estate receivables certificates   1,411   (487   )   —   573   (53   )   —   1,444   29
Debentures   85   (504   )   —   604   (222   )   262   225   (336   )
Eurobonds and other   31   (4   )   —   3   (51   )   28   7   —
Financial bills   5   6   —   8   (6   )   —   13   —
Other   33   (26   )   —   567   (575   )   31   30   —
Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income   —   43   (47   )   76   (68   )   30   34   (2   )
Corporate securities   —   43   (47   )   76   (68   )   30   34   (2   )
Real estate receivables certificates   —   —   —   26   —   —   26   —
Debentures   —   (2   )   6   50   (54   )   —   —   1
Eurobonds and other   —   45   (53   )   —   (14   )   30   8   (3   )

Fair value at 12/31/2018   Total gains or losses (realized / unrealized)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfers in and / or out of Level   Fair value at 12/31/2019   Total Gains or Losses (Unrealized)
Recognized in income   Recognized in other comprehensive income
Derivatives – Assets   142   (78   )   —   274   (156   )   (79   )   103   (1   )
Swap Contracts – adjustment receivable   90   21   —   2   (2   )   (79   )   32   31
Option Contracts   52   (99   )   —   272   (154   )   —   71   (32   )
Derivatives – Liabilities   (26   )   (17   )   —   (196   )   172   (18   )   (85   )   (2   )
Swap Contracts – adjustment payable   (3   )   (51   )   —   (10   )   36   (18   )   (46   )   (17   )
Option Contracts   (23   )   34   —   (186   )   136   —   (39   )   15

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-93

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Sensitivity analysis of Level 3 operations

The fair value of financial instruments classified in Level 3 is measured through valuation techniques based on correlations and associated products traded in
active markets, internal estimates and internal models.

Significant unobservable inputs used for measurement of the fair value of instruments classified
in Level 3 are: interest rates, underlying asset prices and volatility. Significant variations in any of these inputs separately may give rise to substantial changes in the fair value.

The table below shows the sensitivity of these fair values in scenarios of changes of interest rates or, asset prices, or in scenarios with varying shocks to
prices and volatilities for nonlinear assets:

Sensitivity – Level 3 Operations   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Impact   Impact
Market risk factor groups   Scenarios   Income   Stockholders’ equity   Income   Stockholders’ equity
Interest rates   I   (0.8   )   —   (0.9   )   (0.0   )
II   (19.8   )   —   (23.3   )   (0.3   )
III   (38.2   )   —   (46.1   )   (0.6   )
Commodities, Index and Shares   I   —   —   —   —
II   —   —   —   —
Nonlinear   I   (8.3   )   —   (22.6   )   —
II   (11.6   )   —   (43.2   )   —

The following scenarios are used to measure sensitivity:

Interest rate

Based on reasonably possible changes in
assumptions of 1, 25 and 50 basis points (scenarios I, II and III respectively) applied to the interest curves, both up and down, taking the largest losses resulting in each scenario.

Commodities, Index and Shares

Based on reasonably
possible changes in assumptions of 5 and 10 percentage points (scenarios I and II respectively) applied to share prices, both up and down, taking the largest losses resulting in each scenario.

Nonlinear

Scenario I:
Based on reasonably
possible changes in assumptions of 5 percentage points on prices and 25 percentage points on the volatility level, both up and down, taking the largest losses resulting in each scenario.

Scenario II:
Based on reasonably possible changes in assumptions of 10 percentage points on prices and 25 percentage points on the volatility level,
both up and down, taking the largest losses resulting in each scenario.

Note 29 - Contingent Assets and Liabilities, Provisions and Legal Obligations

In the ordinary course of its business, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING may be a party to legal proceedings to labor, civil and tax nature. The
contingencies related to these lawsuits are classified as follows:

a) Contingent Assets:
There are no contingent assets recorded.

b) Provisions and contingencies:
The criteria to quantify of provisions for contingencies are adequate in relation to the specific characteristics of
civil, labor and tax lawsuits portfolios, as well as other risks, taking into consideration the opinion of its legal advisors, the nature of the lawsuits, the similarity with previous lawsuits and the prevailing previous court decisions. A provision
is recognized whenever the loss is classified as probable.

Legal liabilities arise from lawsuits filed to discuss the legality and unconstitutionality of
the legislation in force, being subject to an accounting provision.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-94

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

I- Civil lawsuits

In general, provisions and contingencies arise from claims related to the revision of contracts and compensation for material and moral
damages. The lawsuits are classified as follows:

Collective lawsuits:
Related to claims of a similar nature and with individual
amounts that are not considered significant. Provisions are calculated on a monthly basis and the expected amount of losses is accrued according to statistical references that take into account the nature of the lawsuit and the characteristics of
the court (Small Claims Court or Regular Court). Contingencies and provisions are adjusted to reflect the amounts deposited into court as guarantee for their execution when realized.

Individual lawsuits:
Related to claims with unusual characteristics or involving significant amounts. The probability of loss is
ascertained periodically, based on the amount claimed and the special nature of each case. The amounts considered as probable losses are recorded as provisions.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, despite having complied with the rules in force at the time, is a defendant in lawsuits filed by individuals
referring to payment of inflation adjustments to savings accounts resulting from economic plans implemented in the 1980s and the 1990s, as well as in collective lawsuits filed by: (i) consumer protection associations; and (ii) the Public
Attorney’s Office, on behalf of the savings accounts holders. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING recognizes provisions upon receipt of summons, and when individuals demand the enforcement of a ruling handed down by the courts, using the same criteria
as for provisions for individual lawsuits.

The Federal Supreme Court (STF) has issued some decisions favorable to savings account holders,
but it has not established its understanding with respect to the constitutionality of the economic plans and their applicability to savings accounts. Currently, the appeals involving these matters are suspended, by order of the STF, until it
pronounces its final decision.

In December 2017, through mediation of the Federal Attorney’s Office (AGU) and supervision of the
BACEN, savers (represented by two civil associations, FEBRAPO and IDEC) and FEBRABAN entered into an instrument of agreement aiming at resolving lawsuits related the economic plans, and ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has already accepted its terms.
Said agreement was approved on March 1, 2018, by the Plenary Session of the Federal Supreme Court (STF) and savers could adhere to its terms for a 24-month period.

Due to the end of this term, the parties signed an amendment to the instrument of agreement to extend this period in order to contemplate a
higher number of holders of savings accounts and, consequently, to increase the end of lawsuits. In May, 2020 the Federal Supreme Court (STF) approved this amendment and granted a 30-month term for new adhesions, and this term may be extended for
another 30 months, subject to the reporting of the number of adhesions over the first period.

II- Labor claims

Provisions for contingencies arise from lawsuits in which labor rights provided for in labor legislation specific to the related profession are
discussed, such as: overtime, salary equalization, reinstatement, transfer allowance and, pension plan supplement. These lawsuits are classified as follows:

Collective lawsuits:
related to claims considered similar and with individual amounts that are not considered significant. The expected
amount of loss is determined and accrued on a monthly basis in accordance with a statistical model which calculates the amount of the claims, and is reassessed taking into account court rulings. Provisions for contingencies are adjusted to reflect
the amounts deposited into court as security for execution.

Individual lawsuits:
related to claims with unusual characteristics or
involving significant amounts. These are periodically calculated based on the amounts claimed. The probability of loss is estimated in accordance with the actual and legal characteristics of each lawsuit.

III- Other Risks

These are quantified
and accrued on the basis of the value of rural credit transactions with joint liability and FCVS (salary variations compensation fund) credits assigned to Banco Nacional.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-95

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Below are the changes in civil, labor and other risks provisions:

12/31/2020
Civil   Labor   Other Risks   Total
Opening balance - 01/01   3,634   8,579   976   13,189
(-) Provisions guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.n)   (216   )   (980   )   —   (1,196   )
Subtotal   3,418   7,599   976   11,993
Adjustment / Interest (Note 23)   191   482   —   673
Changes in the period reflected in income (Note 23)   889   2,110   547   3,546
Increase   1,179   2,296   550   4,025
Reversal   (290   )   (186   )   (3   )   (479   )
Payment   (1,203   )   (3,126   )   (40   )   (4,369   )
Subtotal   3,295   7,065   1,483   11,843
(+) Provisions guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.n)   216   950   —   1,166
Closing balance   3,511   8,015   1,483   13,009
Current   1,254   3,125   1,483   5,862
Non-current   2,257   4,890   —   7,147
12/31/2019
Civil   Labor   Other Risks   Total
Opening balance – 01/01   4,426   6,821   573   11,820
(-) Provisions guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.n)   (226   )   (957   )   —   (1,183   )
Subtotal   4,200   5,864   573   10,637
Adjustment / Interest (Note 23)   122   1,024   —   1,146
Changes in the period reflected in income (Note 23)   726   3,160   403   4,289
Increase (*)   1,177   3,325   435   4,937
Reversal   (451   )   (165   )   (32   )   (648   )
Payment   (1,630   )   (2,449   )   —   (4,079   )
Subtotal   3,418   7,599   976   11,993
(+) Provisions guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.n)   216   980   —   1,196
Closing balance   3,634   8,579   976   13,189
Current   1,662   2,451   976   5,089
Non-current   1,972   6,128   —   8,100

(*)   Includes the effects of the Voluntary Severance Program.

IV- Tax proceedings and legal obligations

Tax provisions
correspond to the principal amount of taxes involved in administrative or judicial tax lawsuits, subject to tax assessment notices, plus interest and, when applicable, fines and charges.

The table below shows the changes in the provisions:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Opening balance - 01/01   8,266   6,793
(-) Provisions guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4 n)   (68   )   (68   )
Subtotal   8,198   6,725
Adjustment / Interest (*)   220   779
Changes in the period reflected in income   56   843
Increase (*)   142   1,135
Reversal (*)   (86   )   (292   )
Payment   (1,735   )   (151   )
Subtotal   6,739   8,196
(+) Provisions guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4 n)   71   70
Closing balance   6,810   8,266
Current   65   83
Non-current   6,745   8,183

( *)   The amounts are included in the headings Tax Expenses, General and Administrative Expenses and Current
Income Tax and Social Contribution.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-96

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

The main discussions related to Tax Lawsuits and Legal Obligations are described below:

•   INSS – Non-compensatory Amounts – R$ 1,769: the non-levy of social security contribution on amounts
paid as profit sharing is defended. The balance of the deposits in guarantee is R$ 991;

•   PIS and COFINS – Calculation Basis – R$ 643: defending the levy of PIS and COFINS on revenue, a tax on
revenue from the sales of assets and services. The balance of the deposits in guarantee is R$ 618.

c) Contingencies not provided for
in the Balance Sheet

Amounts involved in administrative and judicial arguments with the risk of loss estimated as possible are not provided for and
they are basically composed of:

I - Civil and Labor Claims

In Civil Lawsuits with possible loss, total estimated risk is R$ 4,470 (R$ 4,266 at 12/31/2019), and in this total there are no amounts arising
from interests in Joint Ventures.

For Labor Claims with possible loss, estimated risk is R$ 389 (R$ 251 at 12/31/2019).

II – Tax proceedings

The tax proceedings of possible loss totaled R$ 31,330 (R$ 28,959 at 12/31/2019), and the main cases are described below:

•   INSS – Non-compensatory Amounts – R$ 6,303: defends the non-levy of this contribution on these amounts,
among which are profit sharing and stock options;

•   IRPJ, CSLL, PIS and COFINS – Funding Expenses – R$ 4,857: the deductibility of raising costs (Interbank
deposits rates) for funds that were capitalized between Group companies;

•   ISS – Banking Activities – R$ 3,991: the levy and/or payment place of ISS for certain banking revenues
are discussed;

•   IRPJ and CSLL – Goodwill – Deduction – R$ 3,398: the deductibility of goodwill for future expected
profitability on the acquisition of investments;

•   IRPJ, CSLL, PIS and COFINS – Requests for Offsetting Dismissed—R$ 1,642: cases in which the liquidity
and the certainty of credits offset are discussed;

•   PIS and COFINS – Reversal of Revenues from Depreciation in Excess – R$ 1,346: discussing the accounting
and tax treatment of PIS and COFINS upon settlement of leasing operations;

•   IRPJ and CSLL – Disallowance of Losses – R$ 1,188: discussion on the amount of tax loss (IRPJ) and/or
social contribution (CSLL) tax loss carryforwards used by the Federal Revenue Service when drawing up tax assessment notes that are still pending a final decision;

•   IRPJ and CSLL – Deductibility of Losses with Derivatives – R$ 656: the deductibility of losses
calculated in the disposal of financial derivative contracts is being discussed.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-97

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

d) Accounts Receivables – Reimbursement of Provisions

The receivables balance arising from reimbursements of contingencies totals R$ 919 (R$ 978 at 12/31/2019) (Note 18a), arising basically from
the collateral established in Banco Banerj S.A. privatization process occurred in 1997, when the State of Rio de Janeiro created a fund to guarantee the equity recomposition in provisions for Civil, Labor and Tax Claims.

e) Guarantees of contingencies, provisions and legal obligations

The guarantees related to legal proceedings involving ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and basically consist of:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Civil   Labor   Tax   Total   Total
Deposits in guarantee (Note 18a)   1,476   2,126   9,091   12,693   14,520
Investment fund quotas   600   303   84   987   1,148
Surety   65   69   3,878   4,012   3,223
Insurance bond   1,837   1,203   15,362   18,402   14,867
Guarantee by government securities   14   —   235   249   96
Total   3,992   3,701   28,650   36,343   33,854

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s provisions for judicial and administrative challenges are long-term, considering the time
required for their questioning, and this prevents the disclosure of a deadline for their conclusion.

The legal advisors believe that ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING is not a party to this or any other administrative proceedings or lawsuits that could significantly affect the results of its operations.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-98

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 30 – Segment Information

The current operational and reporting segments of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are described below:

•   Retail Banking

The segment comprises retail customers, account holders and non-account holders, individuals and legal entities, high income clients
(Itaú Uniclass and Personnalité) and the companies segment (microenterprises and small companies). It includes financing and credit offers made outside the branch network, in addition to credit cards and payroll loans.

•   Wholesale Banking

It comprises products and services offered to middle-market companies, high net worth clients (Private Banking), and the operation of Latin
American units and Itaú BBA, which is the unit responsible for business with large companies and Investment Banking operations.

•   Activities with the Market + Corporation

Basically, corresponds to the result arising from capital surplus, subordinated debt surplus and the net balance of tax credits and debits. It
also includes the financial margin on market trading, Treasury operating costs, and equity in earnings of companies not included in either of the other segments.

a)   Basis of Presentation

Segment information is based on the reports used by senior management to assess performance and to make decisions about allocation of funds for
investment and other purposes.

These reports use a variety of information for management purposes, including financial and non-financial
information supported by bases different from information prepared according to accounting practices adopted in Brazil. The main indicators used for monitoring business performance are Recurring Income, and Return on Economic Capital allocated to
each business segment.

Information by segment has been prepared in accordance with accounting practices adopted in Brazil and is adjusted
by the items below:

Allocated capital:
 The statements for each segment consider capital allocation based on a proprietary model and
consequent impacts on results arising from this allocation. This model includes the following components: Credit risk, operating risk, market risk and insurance underwriting risk.

Income tax rate:
 We take the total income tax rate, net of the tax effect from the payment of interest on capital, for the Retail
Banking, Wholesale Banking and Activities with the Market + Corporation. The difference between the income tax amount calculated by segment and the effective income tax amount, as stated in the consolidated financial statements, is allocated to the
Trading + Institutional column.

•   Reclassification and application of managerial criteria

The managerial statement of income was used to prepare information per segment. These statements were obtained based on the statement of income
adjusted by the impact of non-recurring events and the managerial reclassifications in income.

The main reclassifications between the
accounting and managerial results are:

Operating revenues:
Considers the opportunity cost for each operation. The financial
statements were adjusted so that the stockholders’ equity was replaced by funding at market price. Subsequently, the financial statements were adjusted to include revenues related to capital allocated to each segment. The cost of subordinated
debt and the respective remuneration at market price were proportionally allocated to the segments, based on the economic capital allocated.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-99

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Tax effects of hedging:
The tax effects of hedging of investments abroad were adjusted
– they were originally recorded as tax expenses (PIS and COFINS) and Income Tax and Social Contribution on Net Income – and are now reclassified to financial margin.

Insurance:
The main reclassifications of revenues refer to the financial margins obtained from technical provisions for insurance,
pension plans and premium bonds, in addition to revenue from management of pension plan funds.

Other reclassifications:
Other
Income, Share of Income of Associates and joint ventures, Non-Operating Income, Profit Sharing of Management Members and Expenses for Credit Card Reward Program were reclassified to those lines representing the way the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
manages its business, to provide a clearer understanding of our performance.

The adjustments and reclassifications column shows the
effects of the differences between the accounting principles followed for the presentation of segment information, which are substantially in line with the accounting practices adopted for financial institutions in Brazil, except as described above,
and the policies used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements according to IFRS. Significant adjustments are as follows:

•   Requirements for impairment testing of financial assets are based on the expected credit losses model;

•   Adjustment to fair value due to reclassifications of financial assets to categories of measurement at amortized
cost, at fair value through profit and loss or at fair value through other comprehensive income, as a result of the concept of business models of IFRS 9;

•   Financial assets modified and not written-off, with their balances recalculated in accordance with the
requirements of IFRS 9;

•   Effective interest rate of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost, appropriating revenues
and costs directly attributable to their acquisition, issue or disposal over the transaction term, whereas in the standards adopted in Brazil, recognition of expenses and revenues from fees occurs at the time these transactions are contracted;

•   Goodwill generated in a business combination is not amortized, whereas in the standards adopted in Brazil, it is
amortized.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-100

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

b) Consolidated Statement of Managerial Result

01/01 to 12/31/2020
Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Activities with the Market + Corporation   ITAÚ UNIBANCO   Adjustments   IFRS consolidated (3)
Operating revenues   72,680   32,187   9,918   114,785   (14,586   )   100,199
Interest margin (1)   41,818   19,883   8,394   70,095   (20,042   )   50,053
Revenues from banking services and bank charges   23,918   11,911   1,401   37,230   1,327   38,557
Income from insurance and private pension operations before claim andselling expenses   6,944   393   123   7,460   (2,972   )   4,488
Other revenues   —   —   —   —   7,101   7,101
Cost of Credit   (21,247   )   (8,968   )   6   (30,209   )   5,583   (24,626   )
Claims   (1,345   )   (8   )   —   (1,353   )   (1   )   (1,354   )
Operating margin   50,088   23,211   9,924   83,223   (9,004   )   74,219
Other operating income / (expenses)   (40,221   )   (16,133   )   (650   )   (57,004   )   (11,985   )   (68,989   )
Non-interest expenses (2)   (35,310   )   (14,592   )   (287   )   (50,189   )   (14,018   )   (64,207   )
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and Other   (4,911   )   (1,541   )   (363   )   (6,815   )   634   (6,181   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   —   —   —   —   1,399   1,399
Income before income tax and social contribution   9,867   7,078   9,274   26,219   (20,989   )   5,230
Income tax and social contribution   (3,071   )   (1,893   )   (3,099   )   (8,063   )   17,897   9,834
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (175   )   601   (46   )   380   3,452   3,832
Net income   6,621   5,786   6,129   18,536   360   18,896
Total assets (*) –
12/31/2020   1,265,620   981,034   143,715   2,112,586   (93,335   )   2,019,251
Total liabilities – 12/31/2020   1,218,977   915,253   108,432   1,964,880   (100,154   )   1,864,726
(*) Includes:
Investments in associates and joint ventures   2,012   —   13,879   15,891   (321   )   15,570
Fixed assets, net   4,587   806   —   5,393   1,544   6,937
Goodwill and Intangible assets, net   4,978   9,901   —   14,879   2,451   17,330

(1)   Includes interest and similar income, expenses and dividend of R$ 55,420, net gains (loss) on investment
securities and derivatives of R$ (8,056) and results from foreign exchange operations and exchange variation of transactions abroad of R$ 2,689.

(2)   Refers to general and administrative expenses including depreciation and amortization expenses of R$
(5,064).

(3)   The IFRS Consolidated figures do not represent the sum of the parties because there are intercompany
transactions that were eliminated only in the consolidated statements. Segments are assessed by top management, net of income and expenses between related parties.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-101

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

01/01 to 12/31/2019
Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Activities with the Market + Corporation   ITAÚ UNIBANCO   Adjustments   IFRS consolidated (3)
Operating revenues   79,227   30,650   9,913   119,790   (2,711   )   117,079
Interest margin (1)   46,764   18,778   9,088   74,630   (5,280   )   69,350
Commissions and Banking Fees   25,411   11,306   590   37,307   1,725   39,032
Income from insurance and private pension operations before claim and selling expenses   7,052   566   235   7,853   (3,300   )   4,553
Other revenues   —   —   —   —   4,144   4,144
Cost of Credit   (16,072   )   (2,082   )   —   (18,154   )   882   (17,272   )
Claims   (1,206   )   (59   )   —   (1,265   )   (30   )   (1,295   )
Operating margin   61,949   28,509   9,913   100,371   (1,859   )   98,512
Other operating income / (expenses)   (41,430   )   (15,403   )   (986   )   (57,819   )   (9,450   )   (67,269   )
Non-interest expenses (2)   (36,346   )   (13,940   )   (365   )   (50,651   )   (10,361   )   (61,012   )
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and Other   (5,084   )   (1,463   )   (621   )   (7,168   )   (404   )   (7,572   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   —   —   —   —   1,315   1,315
Income before income tax and social contribution   20,519   13,106   8,927   42,552   (11,309   )   31,243
Income tax and social contribution   (7,095   )   (3,856   )   (2,545   )   (13,496   )   10,066   (3,430   )
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (198   )   (444   )   (51   )   (693   )   (7   )   (700   )
Net income   13,226   8,806   6,331   28,363   (1,250   )   27,113
Total assets (*) –
12/31/2019   1,056,275   682,271   147,901   1,738,713   (101,232   )   1,637,481
Total liabilities – 12/31/2019   1,013,186   625,614   104,799   1,595,865   (107,849   )   1,488,016
(*) Includes:
Investments in associates and joint ventures   1,911   —   13,666   15,577   (480   )   15,097
Fixed assets, net   5,252   1,160   —   6,412   754   7,166
Goodwill and Intangible assets, net   6,681   7,645   —   14,326   5,393   19,719

(1)   Includes interest and similar income,expenses and dividend of R$ 64,325, net gains (loss) on investment
securities and derivatives of R$ 4,098 and results from foreign exchange operations and exchange variation of transactions abroad of R$ 927.

(2)   Refers to general and administrative expenses including depreciation and amortization expenses of R$
(4,630).

(3)   The IFRS Consolidated figures do not represent the sum of the segments because there are intercompany
transactions that were eliminated only in the consolidated financial statements. Segments are assessed by top management, net of income and expenses between related parties.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-102

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

01/01 to 12/31/2018
Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Activities with the Market + Corporation   ITAÚ UNIBANCO   Adjustments   IFRS consolidated ( 3)
Operating revenues   72,182   29,389   10,246   111,817   (7,617   )   104,200
Interest margin (1)   40,243   18,930   9,912   69,085   (8,380   )   60,705
Commissions and Banking Fees   25,131   9,810   138   35,079   1,730   36,809
Income from insurance and private pension operations before claim and selling expenses   6,808   649   196   7,653   (3,692   )   3,961
Other revenues   —   —   —   —   2,725   2,725
Cost of Credit   (12,526   )   (1,540   )   —   (14,066   )   5,112   (8,954   )
Claims   (1,160   )   (68   )   —   (1,228   )   —   (1,228   )
Operating margin   58,496   27,781   10,246   96,523   (2,505   )   94,018
Other operating income / (expenses)   (40,002   )   (15,217   )   (1,070   )   (56,289   )   (7,121   )   (63,410   )
Non-interest expenses (2)   (35,296   )   (13,817   )   (331   )   (49,444   )   (8,094   )   (57,538   )
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and Other   (4,706   )   (1,400   )   (739   )   (6,845   )   226   (6,619   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   —   —   —   —   747   747
Net income before income tax and social contribution   18,494   12,564   9,176   40,234   (9,626   )   30,608
Income tax and social contribution   (6,939   )   (3,829   )   (2,964   )   (13,732   )   8,763   (4,969   )
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (184   )   (550   )   (35   )   (769   )   37   (732   )
Net income   11,371   8,185   6,177   25,733   (826   )   24,907
Total assets (*) – 12/31/2018   1,042,145   655,393   142,853   1,649,613   (96,816   )   1,552,797
Total liabilities – 12/31/2018   1,005,194   597,528   93,546   1,505,490   (103,159   )   1,402,331
(*) Includes:
Investments in associates and joint ventures   1,220   —   11,438   12,658   (639   )   12,019
Fixed assets, net   5,526   879   —   6,405   897   7,302
Goodwill and Intangible assets, net   6,845   8,178   —   15,023   4,306   19,329

(1)   Includes net interest and similar income and expenses of R$ 62,565, net gain (loss) on investment securities
and derivatives of R$ (4,834) and foreign exchange results and exchange variation on transactions of abroad R$ 2,974.

(2)   Refers to general and administrative expenses including depreciation and amortization expenses of R$
(3,332).

(3)   The IFRS Consolidated figures do not represent the sum of the segments because there are intercompany
transactions that were eliminated only in the consolidated financial statements. Segments are assessed by top management, net of income and expenses between related parties.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-103

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c) Result of Non-Current Assets and Main Services and Products by Geographic Region

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Brazil   Abroad   Total   Brazil   Abroad   Total
Non-current assets   17,095   7,172   24,267   16,123   10,762   26,885

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Brazil   Abroad   Total   Brazil   Abroad   Total   Brazil   Abroad   Total
Income related to financial operations (1) (2)   102,016   21,595   123,611   117,541   27,767   145,308   108,362   22,955   131,317
Income from insurance and private pension operations before claim and selling expenses   4,488   —   4,488   4,423   130   4,553   3,812   149   3,961
Commissions and Banking Fees   34,533   4,024   38,557   35,283   3,749   39,032   33,211   3,598   36,809

(1)   Includes interest and similar income, dividend income, net gain (loss) on investment securities and
derivatives, foreign exchange results, and exchange variation on transactions abroad.

(2)   ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not have customers representing 10% or higher of its revenues.

Note 31 – Related parties

Transactions between related parties are carried out for amounts, terms and average rates in accordance with normal market practices during the period, and
under reciprocal conditions.

Transactions between companies and investment funds, included in consolidation (note 2.4a), have been eliminated and do not
affect the consolidated statements.

The principal unconsolidated related parties are as follows:

•   Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. (IUPAR), Companhia E. Johnston de
Participações S.A. (shareholder of IUPAR) and ITAÚSA, direct and indirect shareholders of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING;

•   The associates, non-financial subsidiaries and joint ventures of ITAÚSA, in particular Duratex S.A.,
Copagaz – Distribuidora de Gás S.A. and Alpargatas S.A.;

•   Investments in associates and joint ventures, in particular Porto Seguro Itaú Unibanco
Participações S.A., BSF Holding S.A. and XP Inc.;

•   Pension Plans: Fundação Itaú Unibanco – Previdência Complementar and FUNBEP
– Fundo de Pensão Multipatrocinado, closed-end supplementary pension entities, that administer retirement plans sponsored by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, created exclusively for employees;

•   Associations: Associação Cubo Coworking Itaú – a partner entity of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING its purpose is to encourage and promote the discussion and development of alternative and innovative technologies, business models and solutions; the produce and disseminate the resulting technical and scientific knowledge; the attract and
bring in new information technology talents that may be characterized as startups; and to research, develop and establish ecosystems for entrepreneur and startups;

•   Foundations and Institutes maintained by donations from ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and by the proceeds
generated by their assets, so that they can accomplish their objectives and to maintain their operational and administrative structure:

Fundação Itaú para a Educação e Cultura
– promotes education, culture, social assistance,
defense and guarantee of rights, and strengthening of civil society.

Instituto Unibanco
– supports projects focused on social
assistance, particularly education, culture, promotion of integration into the labor market, and environmental protection, directly or as a supplement to civil institutions.

Instituto Unibanco de Cinema
– promotes culture in general and provides access of low-income families to screenings of films,
videos, video-laser discs etc, in theaters and movie clubs which it owns or manages including showings of popular movies, in particular Brazilian productions.

Associação Itaú Viver Mais
– provides social services for the welfare of beneficiaries, on the terms defined
in its Internal Regulations, and according to the funds available. These services may include the promotion of cultural, educational, sports, entertainment and healthcare activities.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-104

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

a) Transactions with related parties:

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
Annual rate   Assets / (Liabilities)   Revenues / (Expenses)
12/31/2020   12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Short-term Interbank investments   18,539   1,000   63   58   —
Other   1.90%   18,539   1,000   63   58   —
Loan operations   591   83   56   6   187
Alpargatas S.A.   2.50% to 6% /SELIC + 2.35 /CDI + 3.85% to 3.95%   65   30   36   1   3
Duratex S.A.   CDI + 1.45%   515   —   19   —   —
Other   113% CDI   11   53   1   5   184
Securities and derivative financial instruments (assets and liabilities)   1,716   99   6   —   (138   )
Investment funds   107   99   14   —   —
Copagaz – Distribuidora de Gás S.A.   CDI + 1.70%   950   —   1   —   —
Itaúsa S.A.   CDI + 2.40%   771   —   1   —   (138   )
Other   (112   )   —   (10   )   —   —
Deposits   —   —   (1   )   (1   )   (10   )
Other   —   —   (1   )   (1   )   (10   )
Deposits received under securities repurchase agreements   (165   )   (374   )   (13   )   (14   )   (2   )
Alpargatas S.A.   95% to 101% CDI   (107   )   (4   )   (11   )   —   —
Duratex S.A.   78% to 99% CDI   (49   )   (43   )   (2   )   (2   )   (1   )
Other   100% CDI   (9   )   (327   )   —   (12   )   (1   )
Amounts receivable (payable) / Commissions and/or Other General and Administrative
expenses   (35   )   (151   )   26   3   50
Instituto Unibanco   123   —   3   —   2
Fundação Itaú Unibanco – Previdência Complementar   (93   )   (93   )   42   43   51
ConectCar Soluções de Mobilidade Eletrônica S.A.   (46   )   (46   )   7   7   4
Olímpia Promoção e Serviços S.A.   (9   )   (5   )   (45   )   (31   )   (25   )
Itaúsa S.A.   (8   )   1   12   (28   )   6
Fundação Itaú para a Educação e Cultura   (4   )   —   (3   )   1   1
FUNBEP—Fundo de Pensão Multipatrocinado   (1   )   —   7   7   6
Other   3   (8   )   3   4   5
Rent   —   —   (31   )   (39   )   (46   )
Fundação Itaú Unibanco – Previdência Complementar   —   —   (28   )   (32   )   (36   )
FUNBEP – Fundo de Pensão Multipatrocinado   —   —   (3   )   (6   )   (7   )
Other   —   —   —   (1   )   (3   )
Donation   (500   )   —   (1,002   )   (35   )   (95   )
Fundação Itaú para a Educação e Cultura   (500   )   —   (1,000   )   (35   )   (95   )
Other   —   —   (2   )   —   —
Sponsorship   12   29   (16   )   (15   )   (32   )
Associação Cubo Coworking Itaú   12   29   (16   )   (14   )   (31   )
Other   —   —   —   (1   )   (1   )

Operations with Key Management Personnel of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING present Assets of R$ 65, Liabilities of R$
(6,623) and Results of R$ (58) (R$ 49, R$ (5,758) at 12/31/2019 and R$ (28) from 01/01 to 12/31/2019, respectively).

b)
Compensation and Benefits of Key Management Personnel

Compensation and benefits attributed to Managers Members, members of the Audit
Committee and the Board of Directors of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING in the period correspond to:

01/01 to 12/31/2020   01/01 to 12/31/2019   01/01 to 12/31/2018
Fees   (578   )   (499   )   (481   )
Profit sharing   (112   )   (363   )   (258   )
Post-employment benefits   (9   )   (6   )   (9   )
Share-based payment plan   (228   )   (224   )   (212   )
Total   (927   )   (1,092   )   (960   )

Total amounts related to share-based payment plans, personnel expenses and post-employment benefits is
detailed in Notes 20, 23 and 26, respectively.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-105

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 32 – Risk and Capital Management

a) Corporate Governance

ITAÚ
UNIBANCO
HOLDING invests in robust risk management processes and capital management that are the basis for its strategic decisions to ensure business sustainability and maximize shareholder value creation.

These processes are aligned with the guidelines of the Board of Directors and Executive which, through collegiate bodies, define the global objectives
expressed as targets and limits for the business units that manage risk. Control and capital management units, in turn, support ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s management by monitoring and analyzing risk and capital.

The Board of Directors is the main body responsible for establishing guidelines, policies and approval levels for risk and capital management. The Capital and
Risk Management Committee (CGRC), in turn, is responsible for supporting the Board of Directors in managing capital and risk. At the executive level, collegiate bodies, presided over by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING, are responsible for capital and risk management, and their decisions are monitored by the CGRC.

Additionally, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has
collegiate bodies with capital and risk management responsibilities delegated to them, chaired by the Executive Vice-President of the Risk and Finance Department (ARF). To support this structure, ARF has departments to ensure, on an independent and
centralized basis, that the institution’s risks and capital are managed in compliance with defined policies and procedures.

b) Risk Management

Risk Appetite

The risk appetite of ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING is based on the Board of Director’s statement:

“We are a universal bank, operating mainly in Latin America. Supported by our
risk culture, we insist on with strict ethical standards and regulatory compliance, seeking high and increasing returns, with low volatility, through lasting relationships with our customers, accurate risk pricing, widespread funding and proper use
of capital.”

Based on this statement, five dimensions have been defined, each dimension consists of a set of metrics associated with the main
risks involved, combining supplementary measurement methods, to give a comprehensive vision of our exposure.

The Board of Directors is responsible for
approving guidelines and limits for risk appetite, with the support of CGRC and the CRO (Chief Risk Officer).

The limits for risk appetite are monitored
regularly and reported to risk committees and to the Board of Directors, which will oversee the preventive measures to be taken to ensure that exposure is aligned with the strategies of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

The five dimensions of risk appetite are:

•   Capitalization: establishes that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING must have capital sufficient to face any
serious recession period or a stress event without the need to adjust its capital structure under unfavorable circumstances. It is monitored by tracking ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s capital ratios, both in normal and stress scenarios, and of
the ratings of the institution’s debt issues.

•   Liquidity: establishes that the liquidity of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING must withstand long periods of
stress. It is monitored tracking liquidity indicators.

•   Composition of results: defines that business will be focused primarily on Latin America, where
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has a diversified base of customers and products, with low appetite for income volatility or for high risk. This dimension comprises aspects related to business, profitability, market risk and credit risk. By adopting
exposure concentration limits, such as industry sectors, counterparty quality, countries and geographical regions and risk factors, these monitored metrics are intended to ensure well-adjusted portfolios, low income volatility and business
sustainability.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-106

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

•   Operational risk: focuses on the control of operating risk events that may adversely impact business and
operating strategy, and involves monitoring the main operational risk events and losses incurred.

•   Reputation: addresses risks that may impact the institution’s brand value and reputation with
customers, employees, regulatory bodies, investors and the general public. The risk monitoring in this dimension is carried out by tracking customer satisfaction or dissatisfaction and media exposure, in addition to monitoring the institution’s
conduct.

Risk appetite, risk management and guidelines for employees of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING for routine decision-making
purposes are based on:

•   Sustainability and customer satisfaction: ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING vision is to be the leading bank in
sustainable performance and customer satisfaction and, accordingly, we are committed to creating shared value for staff, customers, stockholders and society, ensuring the continuity of the business. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is committed to doing
business that is good both for the customer and the institution itself;

•   Risk culture: ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s risk culture goes beyond policies, procedures or
processes, reinforcing the individual and collective responsibility of all employees so that they will do the right thing at the right time and in the proper manner, respecting the ethical way of doing business;

•   Risk pricing: ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s operates and assumes risks in business that it knows and
understands, avoids the ones that are unknown or that do not provide competitive advantages, and carefully assesses risk-return ratios;

•   Diversification: ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has little appetite for volatility in earnings, and it
therefore operates with a diverse base of customers, products and business, seeking to diversify risks and giving priority to lower risk business;

•   Operational excellence: It is the wish of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING to be an agile bank, with a robust
and stable infrastructure enabling us to offer top quality services;

•   Ethics and respect for regulations: for ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, ethics is non-negotiable, and it
therefore promotes an institutional environment of integrity, encouraging staff to cultivate ethics in relationships and business and to respect the rules, thus caring for the institution’s reputation.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has various ways of disseminating risk culture, based on four principles: conscious risk-taking, discussion of the risks the
institution faces, the corresponding action taken, and the responsibility of everyone for managing risk.

These principles serve as a basis for
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING guidelines, helping employees to conscientiously understand, identify, measure, manage and mitigate risks.

1. Credit risk

The possibility of losses arising from failure by a borrower, issuer or counterparty to meet their financial obligations, the impairment of a loan due
to downgrading of the risk rating of the borrower, the issuer or the counterparty, a decrease in earnings or remuneration, advantages conceded on renegotiation or the costs of recovery.

There is a credit risk control and management structure, centralized and independent from the business units, that provides for operating limits and risk
mitigation mechanisms, and also establishes processes and tools to measure, monitor and control the credit risk inherent in all products, portfolio concentrations and impacts of potential changes in the economic environment.

The credit policy of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is based on internal criteria such as: classification of customers, portfolio performance and changes,
default levels, rate of return and economic capital allocated, and external factors such as interest rates, market default indicators, inflation, changes in consumption, and so on.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-107

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

For personal customers and small and middle-market companies, credit rating is based on statistical
application models (at the early stages of the relationship with a customer) and behavior score (used for customers with which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING already has a relationship).

For large companies, the rating is based on information such as economic and financial condition of the counterparty, their cash-generating capability, the
economic group to which they belong, and the current and prospective situation of the economic sector in which they operate. Credit proposals are analyzed on a case by case basis, through an approval-level mechanism.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING strictly controls the credit exposure of customers and counterparties, taking action to address situations in which the current
exposure exceeds what is desirable. For this purpose, measures provided for in loan agreements are available, such as accelerated maturity or a requirement for additional collateral.

1.1 Collateral and policies for mitigating credit risk

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses guarantees to increase its capacity for recovery in operations exposed to credit risk. The guarantees may be personal,
secured, legal structures with mitigating power and offset agreements.

For collateral to be considered instruments that mitigate credit risk, they must
comply with the requirements and standards that regulate them, both internal and external ones, and they must be legally valid (effective), enforceable, and assessed on a regular basis.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING also uses credit derivatives, to mitigate credit risk of its portfolios of loans and securities. These instruments are priced
based on models that use the fair value of market inputs, such as credit spreads, recovery rates, correlations and interest rates.

1.2 Policy for
Provisioning and Economic Scenarios

Both the credit risk and the finance areas are responsible for defining the methods used to measure expected loan
losses and for periodically assessing changes in the provision amounts.

These areas monitor the trends observed in provisions for expected credit losses
by segment, in addition to establishing an initial understanding of the variables that may trigger changes in the allowance for loan losses, the probability of default (PD) or the loss given default (LGD).

Once the trends have been identified and an initial assessment of the variables has been made at the corporate level, the business areas are responsible for
further analyzing these trends in more detail and for each segment, in order to understand the underlying reasons for the trends and to decide whether changes are required in credit policies.

Provisions for expected losses take into account the expected risk linked to contracts with similar characteristics and in anticipation of signs of
deterioration, over a loss horizon suitable for the remaining period of the contract to maturity. For contracts of products with no determined termination date, average results of deterioration and default are used to determine the loss horizon.

Additionally, information on economic scenarios and public data with internal projections are used to determine and adjust the expected credit loss in
line with expected macroeconomic realities.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-108

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Sensitivity analysis

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING prepares studies on the impact of estimates in the calculation of expected credit loss. The expected loss models use three
different scenarios: Optimistic, Base and Pessimistic.In Brazil, where operations are substantially carried out, these scenarios are combined by weighting their probabilities: 15%, 40% and 45% (2019 – 10%, 75% and 15%), respectively, which are
updated so as to reflect the new economic conditions. For loan portfolios originated in other countries, the scenarios are weighted by different probabilities, considering regional economic aspects and conditions

The table below shows the amount of financial assets at amortized cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income, expected loss and the impacts on
the calculation of expected credit loss in the adoption of 100% of each scenario:

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Reduction/(Increase) of   Reduction/(Increase) of
Financial Assets (1)   Expected Loss (2)   Expected Loss   Financial Assets (1)   Expected Loss (2)   Expected Loss
Pessimistic scenario   Base scenario   Optimistic scenario   Pessimistic scenario   Base scenario   Optimistic scenario
951,343   (51,480   )   (830   )   491   1,416   793,610   (40,247   )   (328   )   13   193

(1)   Composed of Loan operations, lease operations and securities.

(2)   Comprises expected credit loss for Financial Guarantees R$ (907) (R$ (837) at 12/31/2019) and Loan
Commitments R$ (3,485) (R$ (3,303) at 12/31/2019).

1.3 Classification of Stages of Credit Impairment

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses customers’ internal information, statistic models, days of default and quantitative analysis in order to determine the
credit status of portfolio agreements.

Rules for changing stages take into account lower and higher internal limits (quantitative criteria), in addition
to the relative variation in the rating since the initial recognition. Information on days of delay, used on an absolute basis, is an important factor for the classification of stages, and after a certain credit status has been defined for an
agreement, it is classified in one of the three stages of credit deterioration. Based on this classification, rules for measuring expected credit loss in each stage are used, as described in Note 2.4d.

For retail and middle market portfolios, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING classifies loan agreements which are over 30 days overdue in stage 2, except payroll
loans for government agency, for which the figure is 45 days, due to the dynamics of payment for transfer of the product.

For the Wholesale business
portfolio, information on arrears is taken into account when allocating a rating.

Default parameters are: 90 days with no payments made
(*)
; debt restructuring; adjudication of bankruptcy; loss; and court-ordered restructuring.

(*)   For the real estate loans portfolio, the figure is 180 days with no payments made.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-109

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

1.4 Maximum Exposure of Financial Assets to Credit Risk

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Brazil   Abroad   Total   Brazil   Abroad   Total
Financial Assets   1,294,428   466,835   1,761,263   1,073,430   336,803   1,410,233
At Amortized Cost   861,485   324,255   1,185,740   755,773   254,871   1,010,644
Interbank deposits   17,775   37,910   55,685   10,620   23,963   34,583
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   237,528   2,415   239,943   197,157   1,271   198,428
Securities   103,146   26,658   129,804   114,046   19,073   133,119
Loan and lease operations   468,461   245,643   714,104   386,206   199,585   585,791
Other financial assets   67,425   25,830   93,255   75,968   18,784   94,752
(-) Provision for Expected Loss   (32,850   )   (14,201   )   (47,051   )   (28,224   )   (7,805   )   (36,029   )
At Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income   48,992   60,950   109,942   35,990   40,670   76,660
Securities   48,992   60,950   109,942   35,990   40,670   76,660
At Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   383,951   81,630   465,581   281,667   41,262   322,929
Securities   365,718   23,353   389,071   271,470   9,605   281,075
Derivatives   18,227   58,277   76,504   10,197   31,657   41,854
Other financial assets   6   —   6   —   —   —
Financial liabilities – provision for expected loss   3,655   737   4,392   3,581   559   4,140
Loan Commitments   3,135   350   3,485   2,909   394   3,303
Financial Guarantees   520   387   907   672   165   837
Off balance sheet   372,542   58,773   431,315   338,262   48,893   387,155
Financial Guarantees   51,830   17,103   68,933   52,663   14,057   66,720
Letters of credit to be released   41,477   —   41,477   15,013   —   15,013
Loan commitments   279,235   41,670   320,905   270,586   34,836   305,422
Mortgage loans   6,357   —   6,357   5,536   —   5,536
Overdraft accounts   126,302   —   126,302   124,449   —   124,449
Credit cards   144,386   3,859   148,245   138,014   2,823   140,837
Other pre-approved limits   2,190   37,811   40,001   2,587   32,013   34,600
Total   1,663,315   524,871   2,188,186   1,408,111   385,137   1,793,248

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-110

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Amounts shown for credit risk exposure are based on gross book value and do not take into account any
collateral received or other added credit improvements.

The contractual amounts of financial guarantees and letters of credit cards represent the maximum
potential of credit risk in the event that a counterparty does not meet the terms of the agreement. The vast majority of loan commitments (mortgage loans, overdraft accounts and other pre-approved limits) mature without being drawn, since they are
renewed monthly and can be cancelled unilaterally.

As a result, the total contractual amount does not represent our real future exposure to credit risk
or the liquidity needs arising from such commitments.

1.4.1. By business sector

Loans and lease operations

12/31/2020   %   12/31/2019   %
Industry and commerce   163,784   22.9   129,998   22.2
Services   172,322   24.1   126,718   21.6
Other sectors   37,565   5.3   26,693   4.6
Individuals   340,433   47.7   302,382   51.6
Total   714,104   100.0   585,791   100.0

Other financial assets
(*)

12/31/2020   %   12/31/2019   %
Public sector   713,705   71.2   562,485   73.5
Services   79,788   8.0   59,193   7.7
Other sectors   67,636   6.8   45,744   6.0
Financial   139,820   14.0   98,297   12.8
Total   1,000,949   100.0   765,719   100.0

(*)   Includes Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit and Loss, Financial Assets at Fair Value through
Other Comprehensive Income and Financial Assets at Amortized Cost, except for Loan and Lease Operations and Other Financial Assets.

The exposure of Off Balance financial instruments (Financial Collaterals and Loan Commitments) is neither categorized nor managed by business sector.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-111

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

1.4.2 By type and classification of credit risk

Loan and lease operations

12/31/2020
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total Consolidated of 3 stages
Loans Operations   Loan commitments   Financial Guarantees   Total   Loans Operations   Loan commitments   Financial Guarantees   Total   Loans Operations   Loan commitments   Financial Guarantees   Total   Loans Operations   Loan commitments   Financial Guarantees   Total
Individuals   199,158   190,273   854   390,285   30,793   19,387   —   50,180   25,532   987   —   26,519   255,483   210,647   854   466,984
Corporate   123,665   17,670   43,602   184,937   2,793   16   595   3,404   8,063   93   2,516   10,672   134,521   17,779   46,713   199,013
Micro/Small and medium companies   96,784   50,813   5,434   153,031   15,965   3,884   440   20,289   9,206   307   131   9,644   121,955   55,004   6,005   182,964
Foreign loans - Latin America   167,601   35,960   14,498   218,059   16,692   1,414   676   18,782   17,852   101   187   18,140   202,145   37,475   15,361   254,981
Total   587,208   294,716   64,388   946,312   66,243   24,701   1,711   92,655   60,653   1,488   2,834   64,975   714,104   320,905   68,933   1,103,942
%   62.1   31.1   6.8   100.0   71.5   26.7   1.8   100.0   93.3   2.3   4.4   100.0   64.7   29.1   6.2   100.0

12/31/2019
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total Consolidated of 3 stages
Loans Operations   Loan commitments   Financial Guarantees   Total   Loans Operations   Loan commitments   Financial Guarantees   Total   Loans Operations   Loan commitments   Financial Guarantees   Total   Loans Operations   Loan commitments   Financial Guarantees   Total
Individuals   199,907   197,717   861   398,485   19,070   6,437   —   25,507   21,513   763   —   22,276   240,490   204,917   861   446,268
Corporate   91,448   16,411   44,720   152,579   911   22   200   1,133   8,430   102   3,420   11,952   100,789   16,535   48,340   165,664
Micro/Small and medium companies   77,722   50,307   4,817   132,846   7,225   2,378   38   9,641   5,786   190   46   6,022   90,733   52,875   4,901   148,509
Foreign loans - Latin America   132,812   29,842   12,087   174,741   14,714   1,166   424   16,304   6,253   87   107   6,447   153,779   31,095   12,618   197,492
Total   501,889   294,277   62,485   858,651   41,920   10,003   662   52,585   41,982   1,142   3,573   46,697   585,791   305,422   66,720   957,933
%   58.5   34.3   7.2   100.0   79.7   19.0   1.3   100.0   89.9   2.4   7.7   100.0   61.1   31.9   7.0   100.0

Internal Rating   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total loans   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total loans
Low   501,463   13,172   —   514,635   420,936   4,204   —   425,140
Medium   84,193   37,249   —   121,442   80,106   17,871   —   97,977
High   1,552   15,822   —   17,374   847   19,845   —   20,692
Credit-Impaired   —   —   60,653   60,653   —   —   41,982   41,982
Total   587,208   66,243   60,653   714,104   501,889   41,920   41,982   585,791
%   82.2   9.3   8.5   100.0   85.6   7.2   7.2   100.0

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-112

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Other financial assets

12/31/2020
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3
Fair Value   Cost   Fair Value   Cost   Fair Value   Cost   Fair Value
Investment funds   14,204   3,232   2,997   10,943   10,943   1,232   264
Government securities   483,791   479,477   483,791   —   —   —   —
Brazilian government   422,098   417,782   422,098   —   —   —   —
Other Public   —   36   —   —   —   —   —
Other countries   61,693   61,659   61,693   —   —   —   —
Argentina   1,498   1,480   1,498   —   —   —   —
United States   5,835   5,847   5,835   —   —   —   —
Mexico   10,222   10,227   10,222   —   —   —   —
Italy   130   133   130   —   —   —   —
Spain   4,844   4,847   4,844   —   —   —   —
Korea   3,947   3,951   3,947   —   —   —   —
Chile   23,195   23,183   23,195   —   —   —   —
Paraguay   2,950   3,011   2,950   —   —   —   —
Uruguay   978   964   978   —   —   —   —
Colombia   8,089   8,012   8,089   —   —   —   —
Peru   5   4   5   —   —   —   —
Corporate securities   127,757   122,695   122,326   3,485   2,738   5,873   2,693
Rural product note   5,823   5,717   5,723   38   36   115   64
Real estate receivables certificates   5,342   5,290   5,268   77   73   —   1
Bank deposit certificate   1,066   1,064   1,066   —   —   —   —
Debentures   62,723   57,963   58,365   2,402   1,779   5,462   2,579
Eurobonds and other   7,604   7,445   7,604   —   —   —   —
Financial bills   15,783   15,784   15,783   —   —   —   —
Promissory notes   7,629   7,611   7,629   —   —   —   —
Other   21,787   21,821   20,888   968   850   296   49
Total   625,752   605,404   609,114   14,428   13,681   7,105   2,957

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-113

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

12/31/2019
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3
Fair Value   Cost   Fair Value   Cost   Fair Value   Cost   Fair Value
Investment funds   8,267   8,322   8,062   —   —   955   205
Government securities   366,998   364,078   366,998   —   —   —   —
Brazilian government   327,681   324,637   327,681   —   —   —   —
Other Public   —   36   —   —   —   —   —
Other countries   39,317   39,405   39,317   —   —   —   —
Argentina   318   349   318   —   —   —   —
United States   2,977   2,979   2,977   —   —   —   —
Mexico   7,820   7,820   7,820   —   —   —   —
Italy   329   328   329   —   —   —   —
Spain   4,984   4,984   4,984   —   —   —   —
Korea   3,427   3,427   3,427   —   —   —   —
Chile   12,317   12,227   12,317   —   —   —   —
Paraguay   1,782   1,959   1,782   —   —   —   —
Uruguay   710   716   710   —   —   —   —
Colombia   4,622   4,585   4,622   —   —   —   —
Peru   8   8   8   —   —   —   —
Germany   23   23   23   —   —   —   —
Corporate securities   112,936   109,169   108,685   637   402   6,784   3,849
Rural product note   5,341   5,122   5,114   62   58   204   169
Real estate receivables certificates   7,312   7,253   7,280   10   11   20   21
Bank deposit certificate   3,217   3,217   3,217   —   —   —   —
Debentures   51,510   47,751   47,607   336   283   6,311   3,620
Eurobonds and other   5,732   5,671   5,704   29   28   —   —
Financial bills   18,514   18,517   18,514   —   —   —   —
Promissory notes   5,311   5,314   5,311   —   —   —   —
Other   15,999   16,324   15,938   200   22   249   39
Total   488,201   481,569   483,745   637   402   7,739   4,054

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-114

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Other Financial Assets—Internal Classification by Level of Risk

12/31/2020
Financial Assets - At Amortized Cost
Internal rating   Interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell   Securities   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (*)   Financial Assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   Total
Low   295,334   123,553   463,168   109,942   991,997
Medium   —   4,396   2,192   —   6,588
High   294   1,855   215   —   2,364
Total   295,628   129,804   465,575   109,942   1,000,949
%   29.5   13.0   46.5   11.0   100.0

(*)   Includes Derivatives in the amount of R$ 76,504 at 12/31/2020.

12/31/2019
Financial Assets - At Amortized Cost
Internal rating   Interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell   Securities   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (*)   Financial Assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   Total
Low   233,011   127,251   321,595   76,660   758,517
Medium   —   3,721   952   —   4,673
High   —   2,147   382   —   2,529
Total   233,011   133,119   322,929   76,660   765,719
%   30.4   17.4   42.2   10.0   100.0

(*)   Includes Derivatives in the amount of R$ 41,854 at 12/31/2019.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-115

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

1.4.3 Collateral for loans and lease operations

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Over-collateralized assets   Under-collateralized assets   Over-collateralized assets   Under-collateralized assets
Carrying value of the assets   Fair value of collateral   Carrying value of the assets   Fair value of collateral   Carrying value of the assets   Fair value of collateral   Carrying value of the assets   Fair value of collateral
Individuals   80,907   202,819   1,746   1,621   65,921   170,045   1,997   1,867
Personal (1)   1,960   6,759   737   698   978   2,982   857   819
Vehicles (2)   21,595   44,673   999   918   17,720   37,355   1,102   1,020
Mortgage loans (3)   57,352   151,387   10   5   47,223   129,708   38   28
Micro, small and medium companies and corporates (4)   151,129   444,696   31,582   27,011   115,608   311,043   11,097   6,142
Foreign loans – Latin America (4)   161,987   309,489   15,381   9,050   123,367   222,300   7,348   2,841
Total   394,023   957,004   48,709   37,682   304,896   703,388   20,442   10,850

(1)   In general requires financial collaterals.

(2)   Vehicles themselves are pledged as collateral, as well as assets leased in lease operations.

(3)   Properties themselves are pledged as collateral.

(4)   Any collateral set forth in the credit policy of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING (chattel mortgage,
surety/joint debtor, mortgage and others).

Of total loans and lease operations R$ 271,372 (R$ 260,453 at 12/31/2019), represented
unsecured loans.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-116

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

1.4.4 Repossessed assets

Assets received from the foreclosure of loans, including real estate, are initially recorded at the lower of: (i) the fair value of the asset less the
estimated selling expenses, or (ii) the carrying amount of the loan.

Further impairment of assets is recorded as a provision, with a corresponding
charge to income. The maintenance costs of these assets are expensed as incurred.

The policy for sales of these assets includes periodic auctions that
are announced to the market in advance, and provides that the assets cannot be held for more than one year, as stipulated by BACEN.

Total repossessed
assets in the period were R$ 224 (R$ 390 from 01/01 to 12/31/2019), mainly composed of real estate.

2. Market risk

The possibility of incurring financial losses from changes in the market value of positions held by a financial institution, including the risks of
transactions subject to fluctuations in currency rates, interest rates, share prices, price indexes and commodity prices, as set forth by CMN. Price Indexes are also treated as a risk factor group.

Market risk is controlled by an area independent from the business areas, which is responsible for the daily activities of (i) risk measurement and
assessment, (ii) monitoring of stress scenarios, limits and alerts, (iii) application, analysis and testing of stress scenarios, (iv) risk reporting to those responsible within the business areas, in compliance with the governance of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, (v) monitoring of actions required to adjust positions and risk levels to make them realistic, and (vi) providing support for the safe launch of new financial products.

The market risk structure categorizes transactions as part of either the banking portfolio or the trading portfolio, in accordance with general criteria
established by CMN Resolution 4,557, of February 23, 2017, and BACEN Circular 3,354, of June 27, 2007. The trading portfolio consists of all transactions involving financial instruments and commodities, including derivatives, which are
held for trading. The banking portfolio is basically characterized by transactions for the banking business, and transactions related to the management of the balance sheet of the institution, where there is no intention of sale and time horizons
are medium and long term.

Market risk management is based on the following metrics:

•   Value at risk (VaR): a statistical measure that estimates the expected maximum potential economic loss under
normal market conditions, considering a certain time horizon and confidence level;

•   Losses in stress scenarios (Stress Test): simulation technique to assess the behavior of assets, liabilities and
derivatives of a portfolio when several risk factors are taken to extreme market situations (based on prospective and historical scenarios);

•   Stop loss: metrics used to revise positions, should losses accumulated in a fixed period reach a certain level;

•   Concentration: cumulative exposure of a certain financial instrument or risk factor, calculated at market value
(MtM – Mark to Market); and

•   Stressed VaR: statistical metric derived from the VaR calculation, with the purpose is of simulating higher risk
in the trading portfolio, taking returns that can be seen in past scenarios of extreme volatility.

Management of interest rate risk in
the Banking Book (IRRBB) is based on the following metrics:

•   D EVE (Delta Economic Value of Equity): difference between the
present value of the sum of repricing flows of instruments subject to IRRBB in a base scenario and the present value of the sum of repricing flows of these instruments in a scenario of shock in interest rates;

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-117

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

•   D NII (Delta Net Interest Income): difference between the result of
financial intermediation of instruments subject to IRRBB in a base scenario and the result of financial intermediation of these instruments in a scenario of shock in interest rates.

In addition, sensitivity and loss control measures are also analyzed. They include:

•   Mismatching analysis (GAPS): accumulated exposure by risk factor of cash flows expressed at market value,
allocated at the maturity dates;

•   Sensitivity (DV01- Delta Variation): impact on the market value of cash flows, when submitted to an one annual
basis point increase in the current interest rates or index rate;

•   Sensitivity to Sundry Risk Factors (Greeks): partial derivatives of an option portfolio in relation to the prices
of underlying assets, implied volatilities, interest rates and time.

In order to operate within the defined limits, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING hedges transactions with customers and proprietary positions, including its foreign investments. Derivatives are commonly used for these hedging activities, which can be either accounting or economic hedges, both governed by the
institutional polices of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

The structure of limits and alerts obeys the Board of Directors’ guidelines, and it is
reviewed and approved on an annual basis. This structure has specific limits aimed at improving the process of monitoring and understanding risk, and at avoiding concentration. These limits are quantified by assessing the forecast balance sheet
results, the size of stockholders’ equity, market liquidity, complexity and volatility, and ITAU UNIBANCO HOLDING’s appetite for risk.

The
consumption of market risk limits is monitored and disclosed daily through exposure and sensitivity maps. The market risk area analyzes and controls the adherence of these exposures to limits and alerts and reports them timely to the Treasury desks
and other structures foreseen in the governance.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses proprietary systems to measure the consolidated market risk. The
processing of these systems occurs in a high-availability access -controlled environment, which has data storage and recovery processes and an infrastructure that ensures business continuity in contingency (disaster recovery) situations.

2.1 VaR – Consolidated ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING

Is calculated by Historical Simulation, i.e. the expected distribution for profits and losses (P&L) of a portfolio over time can be estimated from past
behavior of returns of market risk factors for this portfolio. VaR is calculated at a confidence level of 99%, historical period of 4 years (1000 business days) and a holding period of one day. In addition, in a conservative approach, VaR is
calculated daily, with and without volatility weighting, and the final VaR is the more restrictive of the values given by the two methods.

From 01/01 to
12/31/2020, the average total VaR in Historical Simulation was R$ 282 or 0.2% of total stockholders’ equity (R$ 334 from 01/01 to 12/31/2019 or 0.2% of total stockholders’ equity).

VaR Total (Historical Simulation) (Reais million)
12/31/2020 (*)   12/31/2019 (*)
Average   Minimum   Maximum   Var Total   Average   Minimum   Maximum   Var Total
VaR by risk factor group   614   292   1,961   431   816   652   960   813
Interest rates
Currencies   29   9   71   24   28   11   59   11
Shares   23   9   49   30   30   14   57   29
Commodities   2   1   4   1   2   1   5   1
Effect of diversification   —   —   —   (263   )   —   —   —   (576   )
Total risk   282   166   763   223   334   209   472   278

(*)   VaR by Group of Risk Factors considers information from foreign units.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-118

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

2.1.1 Interest rate risk

The table below shows the accounting position of financial assets and liabilities exposed to interest rate risk, distributed by maturity (remaining contractual
terms). This table is not used directly to manage interest rate risks; it is mostly used to permit the assessment of mismatching between accounts and products associated thereto and to identify possible risk concentration.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   1-5 years   Over 5 years   Total   0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   1-5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial assets   478,065   335,803   185,587   568,219   227,397   1,795,071   264,750   382,751   141,277   443,579   203,328   1,435,685
At amortized cost   406,497   251,388   121,432   314,949   125,282   1,219,548   222,026   354,893   102,649   244,862   111,666   1,036,096
Compulsory deposits in the Central Bank of Brazil   83,133   —   —   —   —   83,133   86,836   —   —   —   —   86,836
Interbank deposits   34,998   5,410   8,178   6,864   187   55,637   23,337   4,448   3,290   3,474   32   34,581
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   196,053   43,625   170   10   77   239,935   22,617   175,643   —   —   162   198,422
Securities   9,325   16,907   11,440   55,070   33,997   126,739   1,290   13,659   14,817   56,178   44,522   130,466
Loan and lease operations   82,988   185,446   101,644   253,005   91,021   714,104   87,946   161,143   84,542   185,210   66,950   585,791
At fair value through other comprehensive income   13,357   12,557   6,958   54,452   22,618   109,942   2,464   4,524   3,284   46,456   19,932   76,660
At fair value through profit and loss   58,211   71,858   57,197   198,818   79,497   465,581   40,260   23,334   35,344   152,261   71,730   322,929
Securities   40,577   63,455   48,092   178,565   58,382   389,071   33,262   15,420   32,299   137,612   62,482   281,075
Derivatives   17,634   8,403   9,099   20,253   21,115   76,504   6,998   7,914   3,045   14,649   9,248   41,854
Other financial assets   —   —   6   —   —   6   —   —   —   —   —   —
Financial liabilities   624,542   141,647   122,233   452,797   118,616   1,459,835   508,064   115,876   74,582   309,571   86,135   1,094,228
At amortized cost   607,741   134,640   109,560   426,488   101,753   1,380,182   501,401   106,763   71,460   288,584   77,991   1,046,199
Deposits   370,604   80,456   59,955   277,055   20,940   809,010   272,447   38,873   22,877   154,032   18,831   507,060
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   220,219   3,001   1,962   23,811   24,371   273,364   218,055   4,121   1,700   13,309   19,398   256,583
Interbank market funds   9,542   48,407   36,972   56,482   4,632   156,035   9,845   54,141   41,253   66,818   2,805   174,862
Institutional market funds   6,950   2,247   10,142   67,159   51,810   138,308   600   8,472   4,763   53,452   36,957   104,244
Premium bonds plans   426   529   529   1,981   —   3,465   454   1,156   867   973   —   3,450
At fair value through profit and loss   16,801   7,007   12,673   26,309   16,863   79,653   6,663   9,113   3,122   20,987   8,144   48,029
Derivatives   16,791   7,002   12,672   26,252   16,788   79,505   6,653   9,100   3,096   20,906   8,073   47,828
Structured notes   10   —   1   57   75   143   10   13   26   81   71   201
Other financial liabilities   —   5   —   —   —   5   —   —   —   —   —   —
Difference assets /
liabilities (*)   (146,477   )   194,156   63,354   115,422   108,781   335,236   (243,314   )   266,875   66,695   134,008   117,193   341,457
Cumulative difference   (146,477   )   47,679   111,033   226,455   335,236   (243,314   )   23,561   90,256   224,264   341,457
Ratio of cumulative difference to total interest-bearing assets   (8.2   %)   2.7   %   6.2   %   12.6   %   18.7   %   (16.9   %)   1.6   %   6.3   %   15.6   %   23.8   %

(*)   The difference arises from the mismatch between the maturities of all remunerated assets and liabilities, at
the respective period-end date, considering the contractually agreed terms.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-119

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

2.1.2 Currency risk

The purpose of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s management of foreign exchange exposure is to mitigate the effects arising from variation in foreign
exchange rates, which may present high- volatility periods.

The currency (or foreign exchange) risk arises from positions that are sensitive to
oscillations in foreign exchange rates. These positions may be originated by financial instruments that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency in which the balance sheet is measured or through positions in derivative
instruments (for negotiation or hedge). Sensitivity to currency risk is disclosed in the table VaR Total (Historical Simulation) described in item 2.1 – VaR Consolidated – ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

2.1.3 Share Price Risk

The exposure to share price risk
is disclosed in Note 5, related to Financial Assets Through Profit or Loss - Securities, and Note 8, related to Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income - Securities.

3. Liquidity risk

The possibility that the institution
may be unable to efficiently meet its expected and unexpected obligations, both current and future, including those arising from guarantees issued, without affecting its daily operations and without incurring significant losses.

Liquidity risk is controlled by an area independent from the business area and responsible for establishing the reserve composition, estimating the cash flow
and exposure to liquidity risk in different time horizons, and for monitoring the minimum limits to absorb losses in stress scenarios for each country where ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING operates. All activities are subject to verification by
independent validation, internal control and audit areas.

Liquidity management policies and limits are based on prospective scenarios and senior
management’s guidelines. These scenarios are reviewed on a periodic basis, by analyzing the need for cash due to atypical market conditions or strategic decisions by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING manages and controls liquidity risk on a daily basis, using procedures approved in superior committees, including the adoption of
liquidity minimum limits, sufficient to absorb possible cash losses in stress scenarios, measured with the use of internal and regulatory methods.

Additionally the following items for monitoring and supporting decisions are periodically prepared and submitted to senior management:

•   Different scenarios projected for changes in liquidity;

•   Contingency plans for crisis situations;

•   Reports and charts that describe the risk positions;

•   Assessment of funding costs and alternative sources of funding;

•   Monitoring of changes in funding through a constant control of sources of funding, considering the type of
investor, maturities and other factors.

3.1 Primary sources of funding

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has different sources of funding, of which a significant portion is from the retail segment. Of total customers’ funds, 37.1%
or R$ 379.5 billion, are immediately available to customers. However, the historical behavior of the accumulated balance of the two largest items in this group – demand and savings deposits - is relatively consistent with the balances
increasing over time and inflows exceeding outflows for monthly average amounts.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-120

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Funding from customers   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
0-30 days   Total   %   0-30 days   Total   %
Deposits   370,604   809,010   272,447   507,060
Demand deposits   134,805   134,805   13.2   82,306   82,306   11.5
Savings deposits   179,470   179,470   17.5   144,558   144,558   20.2
Time deposits   55,778   491,234   48.0   44,855   277,166   38.8
Other   551   3,501   0.3   728   3,030   0.4
Funds from acceptances and issuance of
securities (1)   1,978   136,638   13.4   4,293   143,569   20.1
Funds from own issue (2)   218   1,985   0.2   235   5,258   0.7
Subordinated debt   6,657   74,916   7.3   2   59,462   8.3
Total   379,457   1,022,549   100.0   276,977   715,349   100.0

(1)   Includes mortgage notes, guaranteed real estate credit bills, agribusiness, financial recorded in interbank
markets funds and Obligations on the issue of debentures, Securities abroad and strutured operations certificates recorded in Institutional Markets Funds.

(2)   Refer to deposits received under securities repurchase agreements with securities from own issue.

3.2 Control over liquidity

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING manages its liquidity reserves based on estimates of funds that will be available for investment, assuming the continuity of
business in normal conditions.

During the period of 2020, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING maintained sufficient levels of liquidity in Brazil and abroad.
Liquid assets totaled R$ 323.2 billion and accounted for 85.2% of the short term redeemable obligations, 31.6% of total funding, and 23.4% of total assets.

The table below shows the indicators used by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING in the management of liquidity risk:

Liquidity indicators   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
%   %
Net assets (1) / customers funds within 30
days (2)   85.2   62.4
Net assets (1) / total customers funds (3)   31.6   24.2
Net assets (1) / total financial assets (4)   23.4   16.6

(1)   Net assets (present value): Cash, Securities purchased under agreements to resell – Funded position and
Government securities—available. Detailed in the table Non discounted future flows – Financial assets.

(2)   Table Funding from customers table (Total Funding from customers 0-30 days).

(3)   Table funding from customers (Total funding from customers).

(4)   Detailed in the table Non discounted future flows – Financial assets, total present value regards R$
1,381,769 (R$ 1,040,865 at 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-121

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Assets and liabilities according to their remaining contractual maturities, considering their undiscounted
flows, are presented below:

Undiscounted future flows, except for derivatives which are fair
value   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Financial assets (1)   0 - 30   31 -365   366 - 720   Over 720 days   Total   0 - 30   31 - 365   366 - 720   Over 720 days   Total
Cash   46,224   —   —   —   46,224   30,367   —   —   —   30,367
Interbank investments   234,755   43,276   6,273   1,092   285,396   69,756   151,497   1,444   1,191   223,888
Securities purchased under agreements to resell—Collateral held (2)   44,743   —   —   —   44,743   26,797   —   —   —   26,797
Securities purchased under agreements to resell—Collateral repledge   150,474   31,561   —   —   182,035   17,871   144,234   —   —   162,105
Interbank deposits (4)   39,538   11,715   6,273   1,092   58,618   25,088   7,263   1,444   1,191   34,986
Securities   239,964   16,348   17,144   101,908   375,364   131,195   17,669   19,846   108,011   276,721
Government securities—available   226,615   393   379   5,779   233,166   111,487   300   302   4,763   116,852
Government securities—under repurchase commitments   93   3,905   6,749   15,132   25,879   7,744   6,616   12,445   25,366   52,171
Corporate securities—available   13,256   11,113   8,352   51,927   84,648   11,964   10,181   4,967   56,839   83,951
Corporate securities—under repurchase commitments   —   937   1,664   29,070   31,671   —   572   2,132   21,043   23,747
Derivative financial instruments – Net position   17,634   17,502   6,478   34,890   76,504   6,998   10,959   5,355   18,542   41,854
Swaps   4,064   2,952   5,117   33,886   46,019   107   4,039   4,464   17,848   26,458
Options   10,103   8,783   992   540   20,418   4,696   3,043   500   217   8,456
Forwards (onshore)   1,323   757   5   —   2,085   940   1,207   15   —   2,162
Other derivatives   2,144   5,010   364   464   7,982   1,255   2,670   376   477   4,778
Loans and lease operations (3)   60,896   236,173   114,523   317,492   729,084   63,401   197,090   93,203   236,982   590,676
Other financial assets   —   6   —   —   6   —   —   —   —   —
Total financial assets   599,473   313,305   144,418   455,382   1,512,578   301,717   377,215   119,848   364,726   1,163,506

(1)   The assets portfolio does not take into consideration the balance of compulsory deposits in Central Bank,
amounting to R$ 90,059 (R$ 91,248 at 12/31/2019), which release of funds is linked to the maturity of the liability portfolios. The amounts of PGBL and VGBL are not considered in the assets portfolio because they are covered in Note 26.

(2)   Net of R$ 11,119 (R$ 8,544 at 12/31/2019) which securities are linked to guarantee transactions at B3 S.A. -
Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão and the BACEN.

(3)   Net of payment to merchants of R$ 71,820 (R$ 69,050 at 12/31/2019) and the amount of liabilities from
transactions related to credit assignments R$ 1,623 (R$ 2,451 at 12/31/2019).

(4)   Includes R$ 32,477 (R$ 18,938 at 12/31/2019) related to Compulsory Deposits with Central Banks of other
countries.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-122

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Undiscounted future flows, except for derivatives which are fair
value   12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Financial liabilities   0 – 30   31 – 365   366 –720   Over 720 days   Total   0 – 30   31 – 365   366 – 720   Over 720 days   Total
Deposits   369,957   145,085   36,258   344,261   895,561   266,690   69,367   20,555   211,531   568,143
Demand deposits   134,805   —   —   —   134,805   82,306   —   —   —   82,306
Savings deposits   179,470   —   —   —   179,470   144,558   —   —   —   144,558
Time deposit   53,978   143,446   36,182   343,974   577,580   37,570   68,757   20,502   211,395   338,224
Interbank deposits   1,633   1,639   76   287   3,635   2,247   610   53   136   3,046
Other deposits   71   —   —   —   71   9   —   —   —   9
Compulsory deposits   (36,337   )   (16,874   )   (4,412   )   (32,436   )   (90,059   )   (38,576   )   (14,067   )   (4,110   )   (34,495   )   (91,248   )
Demand deposits   (6,926   )   —   —   —   (6,926   )   (4,412   )   —   —   —   (4,412   )
Savings deposits   (22,672   )   —   —   —   (22,672   )   (26,234   )   —   —   —   (26,234   )
Time deposit   (6,739   )   (16,874   )   (4,412   )   (32,436   )   (60,461   )   (7,930   )   (14,067   )   (4,110   )   (34,495   )   (60,602   )
Securities sold under repurchase agreements (1)   260,846   5,024   5,183   22,591   293,644   246,499   6,509   5,218   17,585   275,811
Government securities   182,848   2,070   2,414   22,564   209,896   200,499   344   1,720   17,553   220,116
Corporate securities   22,056   2,954   2,769   27   27,806   17,978   2,810   3,498   32   24,318
Foreign   55,942   —   —   —   55,942   28,022   3,355   —   —   31,377
Funds from acceptances and issuance of securities (2)   2,391   40,463   35,189   68,573   146,616   4,335   47,697   39,505   67,435   158,972
Loans and onlending obligations (3)   11,891   64,735   6,239   6,388   89,253   6,368   65,182   6,259   7,462   85,271
Subordinated debt (4)   6,797   8,428   28,994   45,762   89,981   251   6,594   11,794   53,745   72,384
Derivative financial instruments—Net position   16,791   19,674   6,895   36,145   79,505   6,653   12,196   9,458   19,521   47,828
Swaps   7,344   3,612   5,573   35,260   51,789   326   5,218   8,349   19,034   32,927
Option   6,355   12,381   998   528   20,262   3,668   4,567   571   255   9,061
Forward (onshore)   892   13   —   —   905   753   1   —   —   754
Other derivatives   2,200   3,668   324   357   6,549   1,906   2,410   538   232   5,086
Other financial liabilities   —   5   —   —   5   —   —   —   —   —
Total financial liabilities   632,336   266,540   114,346   491,284   1,504,506   492,220   193,478   88,679   342,784   1,117,161

(1)   Includes own and third parties’ portfolios.

(2)   Includes mortgage notes, Guaranteed real estate notes, agribusiness, financial recorded in interbank market
funds and Obligations on issue of debentures, Securities abroad and Structured Transactions certificates recorded in institutional markets funds.

(3)   Recorded in funds from interbank markets.

(4)   Recorded in funds from institutional markets.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Off balance commitments   0 – 30   31 – 365   366 – 720   Over 720 days   Total   0 – 30   31 – 365   366 – 720   Over 720 days   Total
Financial Guarantees   2,859   24,491   6,428   35,155   68,933   1,286   19,447   9,359   36,628   66,720
Commitments to be released   128,792   27,144   11,776   153,193   320,905   125,664   22,818   7,064   149,876   305,422
Letters of credit to be released   41,477   —   —   —   41,477   15,013   —   —   —   15,013
Contractual commitments—Fixed and Intangible assets (Notes 13 and 14)   —   36   —   —   36   —   273   —   —   273
Total   173,128   51,671   18,204   188,348   431,351   141,963   42,538   16,423   186,504   387,428

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-123

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c) Capital Management Governance

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is subject to the regulations of BACEN, which determines minimum capital requirements, procedures to obtain information to assess
the global systemic importance of banks, fixed asset limits, loan limits and accounting practices, and requires banks to conform to the regulations based on the Basel Accord for capital adequacy. Additionally, CNSP and SUSEP issue regulations on
capital requirements that affect our insurance operations and private pension and premium bonds plans.

The capital statements were prepared in accordance
with BACEN’s regulatory requirements and with internationally accepted minimum requirements according to the Bank for International Settlements (BIS).

I – Composition and Capital Adequacy

The Board of
Directors is the body responsible for approving the institutional capital management policy and guidelines for the capitalization level of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. The Board is also responsible for the full approval of the ICAAP (Internal
Capital Adequacy Assessment Process) report, the purpose of which is to assess the capital adequacy of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

The result of the
last ICAAP – which was dated December 2019 – indicated that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has, in addition to capital to cover all material risks, a significant capital surplus, thus assuring the solidity of the institution’s equity
position.

In order to ensure that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is sound and has the capital needed to support business growth, the institution maintains
PR levels above the minimum level required to face risks, as demonstrated by the Common Equity, Tier I Capital and Basel ratios.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Available capital (amounts)
Common Equity Tier 1   119,960   117,328
Tier 1   137,157   128,696
Total capital (PR)   151,244   140,596
Risk-weighted assets (amounts)
Total risk-weighted assets (RWA)   1,042,207   891,300
Risk-based capital ratios as a percentage of RWA
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (%)   11.5   %   13.2   %
Tier 1 ratio (%)   13.2   %   14.4   %
Total capital ratio (%)   14.5   %   15.8   %
Additional CET1 buffer requirements as a percentage of RWA
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) (*)   1.25   %   2.5   %
Countercyclical buffer requirement (%)   0.0   %   0.0   %
Bank G-SIB and/or D-SIB additional requirements (%)   1.0   %   1.0   %
Total of bank CET1 specific buffer requirements (%)   2.25   %   3.5   %

(*)   For purposes of calculating the Conservation capital buffer, BACEN Resolution 4,783 establishes, for defined
periods, percentages to be applied to the RWA value with a gradual increase until April/22, when it reaches 2.5%.

The Basel Ratio
reached 14.5% at 12/31/2020, 1.3 p.p. lower than at 12/31/2019, mainly due to the foreign exchange impact, the provision of interest on capital, dividends referring to fiscal year 2019, and increase in risk-weighted assets, partially diminished by
net income in the period and issuance of level 1 and level 2 debts.

Additionally, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has a surplus over the required minimum
Referential Equity of R$ 67,867 (R$ 69,292 at 12/31/2019), well above the ACP of R$ 23,450 (R$ 31,195 at 12/31/2019), generously covered by available capital.

In December 2020, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING issued R$ 2.1 billion in Subordinated Financial Notes, which have a repurchase option as from 2025. These
subordinated notes are subject to approval by the Central Bank of Brazil for the composition of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING´S Tier II Capital, with an estimated increase of 0.20 p.p. in its Total Capital Ratio.

The fixed assets ratio shows the commitment percentage of adjusted Referential Equity with adjusted permanent assets. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING falls
within the maximum limit of 50% of adjusted PR, established by BACEN. At 12/31/2020, fixed assets ratio reached 24.0% (27.9% at 12/31/2019), showing a surplus of R$ 39,274 (R$ 31,104 at 12/31/2019).

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-124

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Funds from the issuance of subordinated debt securities are considered Tier II capital for purpose of capital
to risk-weighted assets ratio, as shown below. According to current legislation, the balance of subordinated debt in December 2012 was used for calculating the reference equity as of December 2020, totaling R$ 47,296.

Name of security / currency   Principal amount (original currency)   Issue   Maturity   Return p.a.   Account balance
12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Subordinated financial bills—BRL
—   2012   2020   111% of CDI   —   2
—   IPCA + 6% to 6.17%   —   49
6   2011   2021   109.25% to 110.5% of CDI   14   14
2,307   2012   2022   IPCA + 5.15% to 5.83%   5,484   4,994
20   IGPM + 4.63%   38   30
2,333   Total   5,536   5,089
Subordinated euronotes—USD
990   2010   2020   6.20%   —   4,041
1,000   2010   2021   5.75%   5,360   4,152
730   2011   2021   5.75% to 6.20%   3,805   2,952
550   2012   2021   6.20%   2,858   2,218
2,600   2012   2022   5.50% to 5.65%   13,764   10,673
1,851   2012   2023   5.13%   9,677   7,502
7,721   Total   35,464   31,538
Debt instruments eligible as capital—USD
740   2019   2029   4.50%   3,865   —
740   Total   3,865   —
Debt instruments eligible as capital—BRL
50   2019   2028   CDI + 0.72%   52   —
2,280   2029   CDI + 0.75%   2,379   —
2,330   Total   2,431   —
Total   47,296   36,627

II - Risk-Weighted Assets (RWA)

For calculating minimum capital requirements, RWA must be obtained by taking the sum of the following risk exposures:

RWA = RWA
CPAD
 + RWA
MINT
 + RWA
OPAD

•   RWA CPAD = portion related to exposures to credit
risk, calculated using the standardized approach;

•   RWA MINT = portion related to capital required for
market risk, composed of the maximum between the internal model and 80% of the standardized model, regulated by BACEN Circular nº 3,646 and nº 3,674;

•   RWA OPAD = portion related to capital required for
operational risk, calculated based on the standardized approach.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-125

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

RWA
12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Credit Risk—standardized approach   921,934   784,730
Credit risk (excluding counterparty credit risk)   778,153   690,474
Counterparty credit risk (CCR)   45,674   31,356
Of which: standardized approach for counterparty credit risk (SA-CCR)   27,119   16,523
Of which: other CCR   18,555   14,833
Credit valuation adjustment (CVA)   5,960   3,494
Equity investments in funds—look-through approach   4,897   7,669
Equity investments in funds—mandate-based approach   623   205
Equity investments in funds—fall-back approach   716   1,133
Securitisation exposures—standardized approach   1,506   —
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction   84,405   50,399
Market Risk   27,481   25,002
Of which: standardized approach
(RWA MPAD )   34,351   28,328
Of which: internal models approach
(RWA MINT )   22,362   25,002
Operational Risk   92,792   81,568
Total   1,042,207   891,300

III – Recovery Plan

In response to the latest international crises, the Central Bank published Resolution No. 4,502, which requires the development of a Recovery Plan by
financial institutions within Segment 1, with total exposure to GDP of more than 10%. This plan aims to reestablish adequate levels of capital and liquidity above regulatory operating limits in the face of severe systemic or idiosyncratic stress
shocks. In this way, each institution could preserve its financial viability while also minimizing the impact on the National Financial System.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-126

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

IV - Stress testing

The stress test is a process of simulating extreme economic and market conditions on ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s results, liquidity and capital. The
institution has been carrying out this test in order to assess its solvency in plausible scenarios of crisis, as well as to identify areas that are more susceptible to the impact of stress that may be the subject of risk mitigation.

For the purposes of the test, the economic research area estimates macroeconomic variables for each stress scenario. The elaboration of stress scenarios
considers the qualitative analysis of the Brazilian and the global conjuncture, historical and hypothetical elements, short and long term risks, among other aspects, as defined in CMN Resolution 4,557.

In this process, the main potential risks to the economy are assessed based on the judgment of the bank’s team of economists, endorsed by the Chief
Economist of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and approved by the Board of Directors. Projections for the macroeconomic variables (such as GDP, basic interest rate, exchange rates and inflation) and for variables in the credit market (such as raisings,
lending, rates of default, margins and charges) used are based on exogenous shocks or through use of models validated by an independent area.

Then, the
stress scenarios adopted are used to influence the budgeted result and balance sheet. In addition to the scenario analysis methodology, sensitivity analysis and the Reverse Stress Test are also used.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the simulations to manage its portfolio risks, considering Brazil (segregated into wholesale and retail) and External Units,
from which the risk-weighted assets and the capital and liquidity ratios are derived.

The stress test is also an integral part of the ICAAP, the main
purpose of which is to assess whether, even in severely adverse situations, the institution would have adequate levels of capital and liquidity, without any impact on the development of its activities.

This information enables potential offenders to the business to be identified and provides support for the strategic decisions of the Board of Directors, the
budgeting and risk management process, as well as serving as an input for the institution’s risk appetite metrics.

V – Leverage Ratio

The Leverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of Capital Tier I to Total Exposure, calculated pursuant to BACEN Circular 3,748, of February 27,
2015. The purpose of this ratio is to be a simple measure of leverage not sensitive to risk, thus it does not consider weighting or mitigation factors. According to instructions in BACEN Circular Letter 3,706, of May 5, 2015, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING has sent the Leverage Ratio monthly to BACEN, whose minimum requirement is 3%.

d) Management Risks of insurance and private pension

I – Management Structure, roles and responsibilities

In line with good domestic and international practices, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has a risk management structure that ensures that the
risks arising from insurance and pension plans products are properly monitored and reported to the appropriate bodies. The management process of insurance and pension plans risks is independent and focuses on the specific nature of each risk.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has committees to define the management of funds from the technical reserves for insurance and private pensions,
to issue guidelines for managing these funds with the objective of achieving long term returns, and to define valuation models, risk limits and strategies on allocation of funds to specific financial assets. The members of these committees are not
only executives and those directly responsible for the business management process, but also heads and coordinators of commercial and financial areas.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-127

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

II – Risks of Insurance and Private Pensions

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING offers its products to customers through a bancassurance structure or direct distribution. Life, personal accident, loan and
multiple peril insurance products are mainly distributed by a bancassurance operation.

Life insurance and pension plans are, in general, medium or
long-term products and the main risks involved in the business may be classified as demographic, financial and behavioral.

•   Demographic risk relates to: i) a greater than expected increase in life expectancies for products with
survivorship coverage (mostly pension plans); and ii) a greater than expected decrease in mortality rates for products with life coverage (mostly life insurance).

•   Financial risk: is inherent in the underwriting risk of products that offer a contractual financial guarantee,
this risk being considered insurance risk.

•   Behavioral risk relates to a greater than expected increase in the rates of conversion into annuity income,
resulting in increased payments of retirement benefits.

Estimated actuarial assumptions are based on the past experience of ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING, on market benchmarks and on the experience of the actuaries.

a)   Effect of changes on actuarial assumptions

To measure the effects of changes in the key actuarial assumptions, sensitivity tests were conducted in the amounts of current estimates of
future liability cash flows. The sensitivity analysis considers a vision of the impacts caused by changes in assumptions, which could affect the income for the period and stockholders’ equity at the balance sheet date. This type of analysis is
usually conducted under the
ceteris paribus
 condition, in which the sensitivity of a system is measured when one variable of interest is changed and all the others remain unchanged. The results obtained are shown in the table below:

Sensitivity Test   Impact in Income and Stockholders’ Equity (1)
12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Private Pension   Insurance   Private Pension   Insurance
Mortality Rates
5% increase   56   2   25   —
5% decrease   (59   )   (2   )   (37   )   (1   )
Risk-free Interest Rates
0.1% increase   98   10   61   12
0.1% decrease   (100   )   (11   )   (63   )   (12   )
Conversion in Income Rates
5% increase   (9   )   —   20   —
5% decrease   9   —   (21   )   —
Claims
5% increase   —   (52   )   —   (47   )
5% decrease   —   52   —   47

(1)   Amounts net of tax effects.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-128

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

b) Risk concentration

For ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, there is no product concentration in relation to insurance premiums, reducing the risk of product concentration and
distribution channels.

01/01 a 12/31/2020   01/01 a 12/31/2019   01/01 a 12/31/2018
Insurance   Retained   Retention   Insurance   Retained   Retention   Insurance   Retained   Retention
premiums   premium   (%)   premiums   premium   (%)   premiums   premium   (%)
Individuals
Group accident insurance   849   847   99.8   867   867   100.0   690   689   99.9
Individual accident   192   187   97.3   222   222   100.0   275   280   101.8
Credit life   624   624   100.0   948   946   99.8   881   879   99.8
Group life   956   955   99.9   948   947   99.9   934   937   100.3

III) Market, credit and liquidity risk

a) Market risk

Market risk is analyzed,
in relation to insurance operations, using the following metrics and sensitivity and loss control measures: Value at Risk (VaR), Losses in Stress Scenarios (Stress Test), Sensitivity (DV01-Delta Variation) and Concentration. In the table, the
sensitivity analysis (DV01 – Delta Variation) is presented in relation to insurance operations that demonstrate the impact on the market value of cash flows when submitted to a one basis point increase in the current interest rate or indexer
rate and one percentage point in the share price and currency.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Class   Account balance   DV01   Account balance   DV01
Government securities
National Treasury Notes (NTN-C)   7,025   (3.11   )   5,495   (2.57   )
National Treasury Notes (NTN-B)   5,215   (5.42   )   8,675   (9.42   )
National Treasury Notes (NTN-F)   134   (0.08   )   —   —
National Treasury Bills (LTN)   2,098   (0.31   )   —   —
Chile Government securities (BTU)   —   —   152   (0.04   )
Corporate securities
Indexed to IPCA   22   (0.01   )   83   (0.01   )
Indexed to PRE   85   —   142   (0.01   )
Indexed to CLP   —   —   79   —
Indexed to CLF   —   —   6   —
Shares   1,320   13   6   —
Post-fixed assets   2,414   —   2,297   —
Under agreements to resell   697   —   777   —
Total   19,010   17,712

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-129

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

b) Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is identified by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING as the risk of lack of liquid resources available to cover its current obligations
at a given moment. For insurance operations, the liquidity risk is managed continuously by monitoring payment flows against liabilities, compared to the inflows generated by its operations and financial assets portfolio.

Financial assets are managed in order to optimize the risk-return ratio of investments, considering, on a careful basis, the characteristics of
their liabilities. The risk integrated control considers the concentration limits by issuer and credit risk, sensitivities and market risk limits and control over asset liquidity risk. Thus, investments are concentrated in government and private
securities with good credit quality in active and liquid markets, keeping a considerable amount invested in short-term assets, available on demand, to cover regular needs and any liquidity contingencies. Additionally, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
constantly monitors the solvency conditions of its insurance operations.

12/31/2020   12/31/2019
Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities amounts (1)   Liabilities DU (2)   Assets DU (2)   Liabilities amounts (1)   Liabilities DU (2)   Assets DU (2)
Insurance operations   Backing asset
Unearned premiums   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB, LF and debentures   2,298   57.8   19.1   2,343   59.1   22.9
IBNR, PDR e PSL   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB, LF and debentures   838   50.9   27.2   876   49.9   29.0
Redemptions and Other Unsettled Amounts   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB, LF and debentures   16   16.3   18.3   13   7.9   22.9
Mathematical reserve for benefits to be granted and benefits granted   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, NTN-C, debentures   17   172.6   24.0   204   16.9   2.6
Financial surplus   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, NTN-C, CDB, LF and debentures   2   204.1   18.3   2   222.4   22.9
Other provisions   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB, LF and debentures   132   7.0   96.4   250   6.9   104.5
Subtotal   Subtotal   3,303   3,688
Pension plan, VGBL and individual life operations
Related expenses   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB, LF and debentures   88   109.4   81.3   89   126.2   82.6
Unearned premiums   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB and debentures   12   17.4   22.2   13   11.1   20.8
Unsettled claims   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB and debentures   68   17.4   22.2   47   11.1   20.8
IBNR   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB and debentures   22   17.4   22.2   22   11.1   20.8
Redemptions and Other Unsettled Amounts   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB and debentures   332   17.4   22.2   318   11.1   20.8
Mathematical reserve for benefits granted   LFT, repurchase agreements, LTN, NTN-B, NTN-C, NTN-F, CDB, LF and debentures   3,278   109.4   81.4   2,781   126.2   82.8
Mathematical reserve for benefits to be granted – PGBL/ VGBL   LFT, repurchase agreements, LTN, NTN-B, NTN-C, NTN-F, CDB, LF and debentures (3)   205,670   166.5   56.2   204,394   180.6   57.0
Mathematical reserve for benefits to be granted – traditional   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, NTN-C, debentures   6,268   188.5   80.9   5,099   199.8   110.1
Other provisions   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, NTN-C, CDB, LF and debentures   1,304   188.4   80.9   1,273   199.7   110.1
Financial surplus   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, NTN-C, CDB, LF and debentures   655   188.5   80.9   610   199.8   110.1
Subtotal   Subtotal   217,697   214,646
Total technical reserves   Total backing assets   221,000   218,334

(1)   Gross amounts of Credit Rights, Deposits in Guarantee and Reinsurance.

(2)   DU = Duration in months.

(3)   Excluding PGBL / VGBL reserves allocated in variable income.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-130

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

c) Credit Risk

I – Reinsurers

Reinsurance operations are controlled through an internal policy, in compliance with the provisions of the regulatory authority governing the
reinsurers with which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING operates.

We present below a breakdown of the risks assigned by ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING’s subsidiaries to reinsurance companies:

•   Insurance Operations : reinsurance premiums operations are basically represented by: IRB Brasil Resseguros
S.A. with 59% (86% at 12/31/2019), Mapfre Re do Brasil Companhia de Resseguros with 21% and Austral Resseguradora S.A. with 20% (1% at 12/31/2019).

•   Private Pension Operations : related to reinsurance premiums are entirely represented by Mapfre Re do
Brasil Companhia de Resseguros with 45%, Austral Resseguradora S.A. with 30% (40% at 12/31/2019), IRB Brasil Resseguros S.A. with 25% (30% at 12/31/2019) and General Reinsurance AG without % of interest in the current period (30% at 12/31/2019).

II – Premiums Receivable

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING considers the credit risk arising from past-due premiums immaterial, since cases with coverage payment in default
may be canceled, pursuant to Brazilian regulations.

III – Risk level of financial assets

The table below shows insurance financial assets, individually evaluated, classified by rating:

12/31/2020
Financial Assets at Amortized Cost   Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
Internal rating   Interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell   Securities   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (*)   Total
Low   3,517   30,614   205,099   1,194   240,424
Medium   —   —   3   —   3
High   —   —   —   —   —
Total   3,517   30,614   205,102   1,194   240,427
%   1.5   12.7   85.3   0.5   100.0

(*)   Includes Derivatives in the amount of R$ 1,336.

12/31/2019
Financial Assets at Amortized Cost   Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
Internal rating   Interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell   Securities   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (*)   Total
Low   3,027   31,342   197,940   —   232,309
Medium   —   —   2   —   2
High   —   —   —   —   —
Total   3,027   31,342   197,942   —   232,311
%   1.3   13.5   85.2   —   100.0

(*)   Includes Derivatives in the amount of R$ 960.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-131

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 33 – Supplementary information

a) “Coronavirus” COVID-19 relief efforts

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING monitors the economic effects of this COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil and the other countries where it operates, which
may adversely affect its Profit or Loss. At the beginning of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Institutional Crisis Management Committee was set up. The Executive Committee established an intensified agenda to manage the crisis, which is responsible for
the monitoring the pandemic and its impacts on its operations, in addition to the government actions to mitigate the effects of this pandemic.

In Brazil, measures were taken to mitigate the impacts caused by COVID-19 throughout 2020, by the Federal Government, the National Monetary
Council (CMN) and the Central Bank of Brazil (BACEN), particularly:

i)   CMN Resolution No. 4,782/20, and amendments made by CMN Resolutions No. 4,791/20 and
No. 4.856/20, which established, for a determined period of time, criteria for characterization of restructuring of loan operations;

ii)   CMN Resolution No. 4,838/20, which regulates the Working Capital Program for Business Preservation (CGPE);

iii)   CMN Resolution No. 4,846/20 which provides for loan operations for financing of payroll carried out by
financial institutions, under the Emergency Employment Support Program (PESE);

iv)   Law No. 13,999/20 that instituted the National Support Program for Micro and Small Companies (Pronampe)
with the purpose of developing and strengthening small businesses;

v)   Law No. 14,042/20 that established the Emergency Program for Access to Credit (Peac), with the purpose of
making easier the access to credit and preserving companies, for the protection of jobs and income. The Peac has two modalities: Emergency Program for Access to Credit in the modality of guarantee (Peac-FGI) and Emergency Program for Access to
Credit in the modality guarantee of receivables (Peac-Maquininhas); and

vi)   BACEN Circular No. 3,990/20 and amendments made by BACEN Circular 3,992/20 which permits to carry out
repurchase agreements in foreign currency by BACEN;

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING identified the following impacts on its
results, as well as effects on estimates and critical judgments for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements:

(a)   increase in loan and financing operations, especially for micro, small and medium-sized companies due to the
measures adopted for mitigation of the impacts of COVID-19 by the authorities with the creation of programs such as PESE, Pronampe, Peac-FGI and CGPE in the amount of R$ 24,169. Through timely monitoring of credit standards and behavior of clients,
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING maintained the regularity of its operations, despite the adverse conditions, and helped clients in the sustainable search for their financial rebalancing;

(b)   with the purpose of treating indebtedness in a structured way and giving financial impetus to clients,
initiatives were established that allowed the extension of grace periods, terms and better interest rate conditions for individuals, and micro and small business clients. In March 2020, the Program 60+ was established, which, among other measures,
allowed a 60-day grace period for defaulting agreements and in mid-April the Travessia (Crossing) Program. Travessia allowed the extension of grace periods between 120 and 180 days and terms of operations between 5 and 6 years, respectively,
for individual and micro and small companies clients, under better interest rate conditions;

(c)   28.05% increase in applications of renegotiation and extension of terms for loan operations as the economic
situation changed;

(d)   the allowance for loan losses was increased by R$ 4,194 due to the level of risk and default, due to the
changes in the financial perspectives of clients and the visible deterioration of macroeconomic variables. To fully reflect the risk of its loan operations, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING adopts the expected loss model for provisioning of operations
since the moment they are granted and it is periodically updated according to the macroeconomic variables and circumstances of the client, and in 2020, in view of the pandemic, a weighting in the economic scenarios was added. In December 2020, the
level of coverage of provisions in the loan portfolio of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING accounted for 255% as compared to 187% in the same period of 2019. Specifically for the expected loss of operations that have not shown any signs of deterioration
so far (default or downgrading of the client’s rating), provisioning posted an increase of 28.8% in 12 months. The credit risk governance allowed ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING a quick response for monitoring the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the loan portfolio, permitting quick access to the information needed for discussions and actions of the crisis management daily forums;

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-132

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

(e)   the mark-to-market component of the securities portfolio was reduced to -1.3% in the first quarter of 2020,
partially due to rate fluctuations and high price volatility in the markets in the beginning of the pandemic, influencing the measurement of items stated at fair value in their different levels;

(f)   due to the COVID-19 pandemic, instability in the variable income market was noted causing a migration to fixed
income instruments with liquidity. This movement resulted in the increase in the Bank Deposit Certificates portfolio. Additionally, there were impacts on funding, with an increase in deposits too. With the purpose of mitigating the system’s
liquidity risk, BACEN made available to financial institutions credit lines through repurchase agreements in foreign currency and purchase of financial bills with guarantee, and operations in the total amount of R$ 30,547 were contracted;

(g)   increase in the recognition of deferred income tax and social contribution due to the greater volume of
deductible temporary differences recorded for the period. The pandemic reduced the projections of taxable income, however, it was not responsible for the generation of tax loss and social contribution loss carryforwards in ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING; and

(h)   increase in expenses with claims related to COVID-19 of R$ 104, mainly related to credit life and life
insurance.

There was a reduction in the face-to-face service staff and an increase in the spacing between people in call
centers to reduce the circulation of people and the possibilities of contagion. The average number of people circulating in administrative centers was reduced, since they started to work remotely. Approximately 97% of employees in the central
management, service centers and digital branches are working from home. It should be noted that despite the aforementioned measures, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING maintains its operating activities.

In order to reduce the effects of the crisis and ensure the employee’s health and safety, self-declaration was encouraged for employees
who consider themselves at risk and those who cannot work remotely were put on vacation. With the purpose of supporting those who possibly had additional expenses due to the current crisis, the
13
th
 salary was advanced in full. Additionally, a process of communication and transparency with employees was established through e-mails, internal employee’s portal and periodic videos
prepared by our President and CEO communicating news related to COVID-19. At the branches, masks were delivered to all employees who work in customer service, acrylic protections were implemented and cleaning protocols were reviewed.

The adaptation of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING in the crisis is the result not only of investments in technology, which allows for these
virtual interactions, but also of investments in flexibility in the work environment, such as work from home, communities integrated between different areas of the bank and new layouts in the administrative centers that promote the employees’
mobility.

In 2020, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING created the initiative “Todos pela Saúde” (All for Health) from the
donation of R$ 1 billion, with the purpose of combating the new Coronavirus and its effects on Brazilian society. “Todos Pela Saúde” is conducted based on four axes: Informing, Protecting, Caring, and Resuming.

Note 34 – Subsequent Event

Issue
of Subordinate Notes Tier 2

On January 12, 2021, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING priced the issue of subordinate notes Tier II 2,
issued on January 15, maturing in ten years and three months, in the amount of US$ 500 million, at the fixed rate of 3.875%, effective for five years and three months from the issue date. As from this date, inclusive, the interest rate
will be recalculated for another 5 years based on the interest rate of securities issued by the Treasury of the United States of America for the same period.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING may repurchase the Notes as from the 5
th
 year until the 5
th
 year and three months of the issue date, and it will be subject to BACEN’s approval.

BACEN’s approval will be requested for the Notes to make up the Supplementary Capital of Referential Equity of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING, thus increasing by 0.25 p.p. its Basel Ratio, considering the exchange rate of January 8, quoted at R$ 5.37.

The Issue is
neither subject to registration rules with the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC), in the United States, nor to registration with the Brazilian Securities Commission (CVM), in Brazil, in compliance with applicable law and regulations.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-133

Table of Contents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At
12/31/2020 and 12/31/2019 for balance sheet accounts and

From 01/01 to 12/31 of 2020, 2019 and 2018 for income statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

The Notes were offered only to qualified institutional investors and to non-American
investors outside the territory of the United States of America.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING will use the funds raised by the Notes to
finance or refinance green, social and/or sustainable projects.

XP INC Corporate Reorganization

At the Extraordinary Stockholders’ Meeting held on January 31, 2021, the corporate reorganization was decided in order to segregate
the business line related to interest in XP INC’s capital to the new company that will be named XPart S.A. The XPart S.A. will be constituted by the portion of investment in XP INC and for the cash amount corresponding to R$ 10, and is subject
to a favorable opinion from the regulatory authority obtained by the controllers for the completion of the operation. The percentage of XP INC’s capital to be held by XPart S.A. will be 40.52%, totaling R$ 9,371 on the base of December 31,
2020.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s stockholders will then hold an ownership interest in XPart S.A., with the completion of the
operation. After registration as a publicly-held company and authorization to list securities issued by XPart S.A., the ownership interest on XPart S.A. will be distributed to the shareholders of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. The shares issued by
XPart S.A. will be attributed to ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s stockholders in the same number, type and proportion of the shares previously held by them in ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. – Complete Financial Statements in IFRS – December 31, 2020   F-134
