
20-F

1

v463689_20f.htm

FORM 20-F

As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on April 20, 2017

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 20-F

¨   REGISTRATION
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

x   ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2016

OR

¨   TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

¨   SHELL
COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number: 001-15276

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in
its charter)

Federative
Republic of Brazil

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

Praça Alfredo Egydio de Souza
Aranha, 100

04344-902 São Paulo, SP, Brazil

(Address of principal executive offices)

Marcelo Kopel

Investor Relations Officer

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.

Praça Alfredo Egydio de Souza
Aranha, 100

04344-902 São Paulo, SP, Brazil

+55 11 2794 3547

drinvest@itau-unibanco.com.b
r

(Name, Telephone, E-mail
and/or Facsimilie number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered
Preferred Shares, no par value   New York Stock Exchange (*)
American Depositary Shares (as evidenced by American Depositary Receipts), each representing 1 (one) Preferred Share   New York Stock Exchange

(*) Not for trading purposes, but only in connection with the
listing of American Depositary Shares pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act:

None

(Title of Class)

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant
to Section 15(d) of the Act:

None

(Title of Class)

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s
classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.

3,351,741,143 Common Shares, no par value

3,160,958,864 Preferred Shares, no par value

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

x

Yes
¨

No

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by
check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.

¨

Yes
x

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

x

Yes
¨

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

¨

Yes
¨

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer See definition of “accelerated filer and large accelerated filer”
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):

x Large accelerated filer   ¨ Accelerated filer   ¨ Non-accelerated filer

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant
has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

¨ U.S. GAAP   x   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board   ¨ Other

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous
question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

¨

Item 17
¨

Item 18

If this is an annual report,
indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

¨

Yes
x

No

INTRODUCTION

The information presented in this annual
report on Form 20-F is accurate only as of the date of this annual report and information incorporated by reference in this annual
report is accurate only as of the date of the document in which such incorporated information is contained. Our business, our financial
condition and results of operations, our assets and our prospects may have changed since those dates.

Information contained in or accessible
through the websites referred to in this annual report on Form 20-F is not part of this annual report unless we specifically state
that it is incorporated by reference and is part of this report. All references in this annual report on Form 20-F to websites
are inactive textual references only.

FORM 20-F CROSS-REFERENCE INDEX

(for
the purpose of filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission)

20-F item number and description   Page
Part I
Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   Not applicable
Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   Not applicable
Item 3. Key Information
3A. Selected financial data   A-15 to A-16
A-165 to A-166
3B. Capitalization and indebtedness   Not applicable
3C. Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds   Not applicable
3D. Risk factors   A-75 to A-83
A-167 to A-168
Item 4. Information on the Company
4A. History, highlights and recents developments of the company   A-17 to A-22
A-51
4B. Business overview   A-10 to A-12
A-25
A-28 to A-46
A-156 to A-164
4C. Organizational structure   A-25 to A-28
F-15 to F-16
4D. Property, plant and equipment   A-146 to A-147
Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments   None
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
5A. Operating results   A-3 to A-6
A-120 to A-123
A-148 to A-164
5B. Liquidity and capital resources   A-98 to A-100
A-141 to A-143
A-145 to A-147
A-161 to A-164
5C. Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.   A-25
5D. Trend information   A-163 to A-164
5E. Off-balance sheet arrangements   A-147
F-146 to 147
5F. Tabular disclosure of contractual obligations   A-145
5G. Safe Habor   Not applicable
Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees
6A. Directors and senior management   A-54 to A-71
6B. Compensation   A-71 to A-72
F-79 to F-82
6C. Board practices   A-53 to A-70
6D. Employees   A-22 to A-25
6E. Share ownership   A-25 to A-28

Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
7A. Major shareholders   A-25 to A-28
7B. Related party transactions   A-57
F-143 to F-144
7C. Interests of experts and counsel   Not applicable
Item 8. Financial Information
8A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information   A-14 to A-16
F-1 to F-163
8B. Significant Changes   None
Item 9. The Offer and Listing
9A. Offer and listing details   A-46 to A-47
9B. Plan of distribution   Not applicable
9C. Markets   A-46 to A-50
9D. Selling shareholders   Not applicable
9E. Dilution   Not applicable
9F. Expenses of the issue   Not applicable
Item 10. Additional Information
10A. Share capital   Not applicable
10B. Memorandum and articles of association   A-47 to A-51
A-53 to A-74
10C. Material contracts   None
10D. Exchange controls   A-118
10E. Taxation   A-168 to A-174
10F. Dividends and paying agents   Not applicable
10G. Statement by experts   Not applicable
10H. Documents on display   A-13
10I. Subsidiary information   Not required
Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   A-89 to A-94
A-145
Item 12. Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities
12A. Debt Securities   Not applicable
12B. Warrants and Rights   Not applicable
12C. Other Securities   Not applicable
12D. American Depositary Shares   A-46 to A-51
Part II
Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   None
Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   None
Item 15. Controls and Procedures   A-174 to A-175
Item 16. [Reserved]
16A. Audit committee financial expert   A-55
A-69
A-73
16B. Code of Ethics   A-53
A-73
16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services   A-56
16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   A-73
16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   A-145 to A-146

16F. Change in Registrant’s Certifying Acountant   None
16G. Corporate Governance   A-72 to A-74
16H. Mine Safety Disclosure   Not applicable
Part III
Item 17. Financial Statements   See item 18
Item 18. Financial Statements   F-1 to F-163
Item 19. Exhibits   B-1

GUIDE 3 CROSS-REFERENCE INDEX

(for the purpose of filing with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission)

GUIDE 3 item number and description   Page
Part I Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential
Average balance sheets   A-165
Analysis of net interest earnings   A-166
Volume and rate movement   A-165 to A-166
Part II Investment Portfolio
Book value of investments   A-124 to A-128
Maturity profile   A-127
Book value and market value exceeding 10% of stockholders’ equity   A-123
Part III Loan Portfolio
Types of Loans   A-130
Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates   A-130 to A-132
Risk Elements
Nonaccrual, Past Due and Restructured Loans   A-129 to A-140
Potential Problem Loans   A-134 to A-136
Foreign Outstandings   A-141
Loan Concentrations   A-133 to A-134
Other Interest Bearing Assets   A-165
Part IV Summary of Loan Loss Experience
Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses   A-135 to A-136
Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses   A-136
Part V Deposits   A-141 to A-143
Part VI Return on Equity and Assets   A-166
Part VII Short-Term Borrowings   A-141

Annex
A – Annual Report

Index

Context
Macroeconomic context   A-3
Context of Itaú Unibanco Holding   A-7
Context of this report   A-12
Our profile
In numbers   A-15
2016 Highlights   A-17
Our history   A-21
Our business   A-29
Competitive strengths   A-44
Our shares   A-46
Our governance
Our practices   A-53
Management structure   A-54
Main differences between Brazilian and U.S. corporate governance practices   A-72
Our risk management
Risk factors   A-75
Risk and capital management   A-83
Regulatory environment   A-101
Performance
Financial performance   A-120
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS)   F-1
Attachments
Selected statistical information   A-165
Exchange rates   A-166
Considerations for ADS holders   A-167
Controls and procedures   A-174
Sustainability   A-175
Glossary   A-176

Context

Macroeconomic context

Global context

The world economy, as well as the credit
and capital markets, show signs of improvement but continue to grow at a moderate pace. Political uncertainty, however, remains.

Global GDP is expanding at a
moderate pace. As noted below, U.S. real GDP grew by 1.6% in 2016 and is expected to expand at a rate of 2.3% in 2017
(according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia’s Fourth Quarter 2016 Survey of Professional Forecasters). The
Eurozone and Japan have been recovering at modest economic growth rates. Meanwhile, growth in China is stable for now, and
growth in other emerging markets has been increasing.

The new U.S. administration has started
to implement major changes in U.S. economic policy. A moderate fiscal expansion with the U.S. economy close to full employment
will likely lead to a faster tightening of monetary policy, putting pressure on emerging market currencies and local interest rates.
In addition, any protectionist policies the U.S. might pursue could negatively impact global economic growth.

In the Eurozone, the economy has been recovering
at a modest pace following fiscal reforms and implementation of expansionary monetary policies by the European Central Bank (ECB),
which improved both confidence and financial conditions. As such, 2016 saw a 1.7% GDP growth, and early 2017 data show no sign
of a slowdown. However, the recovery is clouded by political uncertainties surrounding the Eurozone. The UK triggered Article 50
at the end of March 2017, and “Brexit” will continue as a source of uncertainty in the years to come. Additionally,
France will face general elections in 2017, and there are risks that Eurosceptic factions might emerge victorious. Thus far, the
political events have seen little economic spillover. Nonetheless, risks are tilted to the downside as European politicians continue
to struggle to find solutions to the growing Eurosceptic movements around the continent, which is aggravated by continued problems
with migration and terrorism. Please refer to section Our Risk Management, item Risk Factors, The U.K. exit from the European Union
could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition for further details about Brexit Risk Factor.

Given the unprecedented monetary
policy measures implemented by developed countries since 2008, liquidity has been available for investment in emerging
markets, supporting asset prices in those markets. As the U.S. economy has continued its recovery and its outlook remains
positive, the U.S. Federal Reserve has begun to raise interest rates, as announced at the Federal Open Market Committee of
the Federal Reserve’s December 2015 meeting. The United States Federal Reserve increased interest rates again in
December 2016 and in March 2017, and currently anticipates it may well be appropriate to continue on a gradual path of
increases of the target range for the Federal Funds rates.

Between 2013 and 2016, significant amounts
of financial resources were withdrawn from investments in the emerging markets in response to weak growth in these economies and
in anticipation of the gradual monetary tightening in the U.S. However, signs emerged during 2016 that these financial flows were
returning to emerging markets as commodities prices stabilized and economic fundamentals improved in some emerging markets economies.
Nonetheless, the global economic outlook remains uncertain with significant downside risks. These risks may still result in periods
of increased volatility in asset prices in emerging markets and could also affect our operational results.

U.S. real GDP grew 1.6% in 2016, according
to U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis’ advanced estimates, compared to 2.6% in 2015. The economic expansion is expected to
continue at a moderate pace in 2017 (according to the Survey of Professional Forecasters issued by the Federal Reserve Bank of
Philadelphia), sustained by solid domestic demand. Domestic demand should be supported by: (i) accommodative monetary and financial
conditions; (ii) consumers and business optimism, according to the January surveys data published by The Conference Board and the
Institute for Supply Management, respectively; and (iii) a healthy labor market, with net job increases averaging 196,000 per month
in the last twelve months until February 2017 and the U.S. unemployment rate of 4.7% in February 2017.

United States Job Creation - Nonfarm Payroll

(seasonally adjusted, thousands)

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics

A-
3

China’s real GDP increased 6.8% year
over-year in the fourth quarter of 2016, maintaining a steady growth in 2016. Chinese policymakers are trying to balance short-term
growth with reforms designed to improve medium-term growth.

Latin American context

In Latin America, commodity-exporting economies
continue to exhibit weak economic activity. According to recent data published by INDEC (National Institute of Statistics and Census
of Argentina), Argentina, which was in a recession due to the impact of the necessary adjustment in relative prices, likely presented
a positive quarter-over-quarter growth rate in the final quarter of 2016.

With exchange rates evolving more favorably
than in 2013 through 2015, inflation is falling in Argentina, Colombia, Chile, Uruguay and Paraguay. In this context, central banks
are reducing interest rates, which will likely support an economic recovery during 2017. On the other hand, fiscal revenues remain
weak, so the fiscal consolidation process is on-going, as governments try to preserve sovereign ratings. Increases in fuel prices
in Mexico and the tax reform recently approved in Colombia are examples of measures taken by Latin American sovereigns to reduce
their fiscal deficit.

The following table shows the real GDP
growth rates in seven Latin American countries as of and for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2016, and as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, except as otherwise indicated.

As of and for the Year Ended December 31,
Real GDP Growth   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012
(%)
Argentina (1)   -2.3   2.6   -2.5   2.4   -1.0
Chile (2)   1.6   2.3   1.9   4.0   5.3
Colombia (3)   2.0   3.1   4.4   4.9   4.0
Mexico (4)   2.1   2.6   2.3   1.6   3.8
Paraguay (5)   4.1   3.0   4.7   14.0   -1.2
Peru (6)   3.9   3.3   2.5   5.8   5.9
Uruguay (7)   1.5   0.4   3.2   4.6   3.5

(1) Source: Instituto Nacional de Estadística
y Censos

(2) Source: Banco Central de Chile.

(3) Source: Banco de la República.

(4) Source: Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía.

(5) Source: Banco Central del Paraguay.

(6) Source: Banco Central de Reserva del Perú.

(7) Source: Banco Central de Uruguay.

Brazilian context

As a Brazilian bank with most of our
operations in Brazil, we are significantly affected by the economic, political and social conditions in the country. From
2004 to 2011, we benefited from Brazil’s generally stable economic environment, with average annual GDP growth of
approximately 4.4%, during that period, which led to increased bank lending and deposits. However, Brazil’s GDP growth
rate declined to 1.9% in 2012, 3.0% in 2013 and 0.5% in 2014. In 2015, GDP decreased by 3.8% with 2016 economic slowdown
partly reflecting a deceleration in potential growth. In 2016, GDP decreased by 3.6%.

GDP growth (%)

Source: IBGE.

A-
4

The widespread decline in inflation, due
to the high level of idle capacity in the Brazilian economy and anchored inflation expectations, created an opportunity for the
Central Bank to start a monetary easing cycle. After reaching 14.25% a.a. at the end of 2015, the Central Bank began to cut interest
rates in October 2016. In April 2017, the Selic rate was at 11.25%. Bank lending as a proportion of GDP decreased to 49.3% in
December 2016 from 53.7% in December 2015.

Selic (nominal interest rate)   Bank Lending (as % of GDP)

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and
Central Bank

Inflation reached 6.3% in 2016, down from
10.7% in the calendar year 2015. Government-regulated prices (such as electric power prices, water and sewage tariffs and fuel
prices) rose 5.5% in 2016 (down from 18.1% in 2015), while the market-set prices increased 6.6% in the same period (from 8.5% in
2015).

12-month IPCA
inflation rate

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and
IBGE

The Brazilian primary public budget result
has been on a downward trend since 2014. Cuts in discretionary spending and tax hikes proved insufficient to offset the drop in
tax revenues and growth in mandatory expenditures. Over 12 months, the Brazilian primary public budget balance closed December
2016 with a deficit of 2.5% of GDP, after a deficit of 1.9% of GDP in 2015 and 0.6% in 2014. To tackle the structural fiscal imbalance,
the Brazilian Congress approved a spending ceiling that will limit primary public expenditure growth to the prior years inflation
for at least 10 years, representing a structural reform for the Brazilian economy. The next step is the social security reform
that will be discussed in the Brazilian Congress during 2017 and is primordial to ensure that the ceiling remains feasible in the
years ahead. These structural reforms are an important step toward returning to primary surpluses and stabilizing public debt in
the medium-term.

In addition, Brazil has implemented a large
number of regulatory changes in recent years, such as changes in reserve and capital requirements for financial institutions, as
well as other macro-prudential policies. Please refer to the section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment, Implementation
of Basel III in Brazil and to the section Performance, item Required Reserve Deposits with the Central Bank, for further information.

Outstanding loans provided by Brazilian
financial institutions continued its decreasing trend in the fourth quarter of 2016 adjusted for inflation. Year-to-year total
bank loans fell by 9.2% as of December 2016 in real terms, compared with a contraction of 3.6% as of December 2015. Total new loans
decreased by 15.7% as of December 2016 compared with a decrease of 11.3% in December 2015, both on an annualized basis. Non-performing
household loans decreased 0.2 p.p. to 4.0% as of December 2016 when compared with the same month in 2015. Non-performing loans
to non-financial corporations reached 3.5% in December 2016, compared with 2.6% in December 2015.

A-
5

The Brazilian real has appreciated
against the U.S. dollar, with the exchange rate reaching R$3.26 per US$1.00 as of December 30, 2016, compared with R$3.96 per US$1.00
as of December 31, 2015. This reflects the adjustments and reforms taking place in Brazil resulting in a lower risk premium.

Nominal exchange
rate

(Real/US dollar)

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and
Central Bank

Brazil’s current account
deficit (the net balance from the trade of goods and services and international transfers) was 3.3% of GDP for December 2015. By
December 2016, the deficit decreased to 1.3% of GDP. Brazil has maintained its external solvency, with US$372 billion in international
reserves and US$ 324 billion in external debt as of December 2016.

The following table shows real
GDP growth, the inflation rate, exchange rate variation and interest rates in Brazil as of and for the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012.

As of and for the Year Ended December 31,
2016   2015   2014   2013   2012
(%)
Real GDP growth (1)   (3.6   )   (3.8   )   0.5   3.0   1.9
Inflation rate - IGP-DI (2)   7.2   10.7   3.8   5.5   8.1
Inflation rate - IPCA (3)   6.3   10.7   6.4   5.9   5.8
Exchange rate variation (R$/US$) (4)   (17.8   )   48.9   12.5   15.1   9.9
TR (reference interest rate) (5)   2.04   2.07   1.01   0.53   0.00
CDI (interbank interest rate) (6)   13.63   14.14   11.51   9.78   6.94
Selic (overnight interest rate) (6)   13.65   14.15   11.58   9.90   7.16
Sovereign 5-year CDS (7)   280.0   505.0   203.0   192.0   107.5

 (1) Source:
Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística
, or IBGE.

 (2) Source: General Price Index – Internal Supply (
Índice Geral de Preços

–

Disponibilidade Interna
, or IGP-DI) published by the
Fundação Getulio

Vargas
.

 (3) Source: Extended National Consumer Price Index (
Índice de Preços ao Consumidor Amplo
, or IPCA) published by IBGE.

 (4) Source: Bloomberg (cumulative rates for the period); positive numbers mean depreciation of the Brazilian
real
.

 (5) Source: Mortgage reference rate (
Taxa Referencial
, or TR) published by the Central Bank. Data presented in percentage per year. 2016 data is for November.

 (6) Source: Central Bank. Data presented in percentage per year.

 (7) Source: Bloomberg (period-end). Sovereign credit default swaps or CDS is a measure of country risk (and is measured using basis points).

A-
6

Context of Itaú Unibanco Holding

Message from the Chairman of the Board of Directors

Dear Reader,

In 2016, Brazil faced up huge economic
and political challenges that have led to uncertainties and ultimately impacted our Gross Domestic Product (GDP) for the second
consecutive year. Despite this scenario, we have been able to tackle a number of hurdles and managed to generate recurring net
income of R$23.3 billion
1
 and return on equity (ROE) of 20.1%, which means adding value to our stockholders. When it
comes to our capital strength, our solidity can be seen from the 19.1% Basel ratio we reached, which is higher than the minimum
of 10.5% required by the Central Bank.

Over the recent years, we have
focused on enhancing credit management and have also placed an emphasis on growing insurance operations and service delivery.
We pursued business expansion opportunities inside and outside Brazil, continued to invest in new technologies and
disseminated the Risk Culture among our employees. As a result, in 2016, our service revenue grew 8.4% over 2015, we became
holders of 100% of  Itaú BMG Consignado’s capital, acquired Citibank’s retail operations in Brazil
and completed the merger between Itaú Chile and CorpBanca, with our new subsidiary Itaú CorpBanca being the
resulting entity.

All of these achievements are the outcome
of 90 years of dedication, the engagement of highly qualified teams, the adoption of well-defined strategies and, mainly, the establishment
of a culture based on ethics and transparency. As part of this, we put a great value on meritocracy, invest in people training
and implement clear anti-corruption and anti-money laundering policies across all areas of the bank.

We believe that disseminating behaviors
that positively influence the management of risks inherent in our business is of paramount importance. Therefore, we have adopted
a Risk Culture based on the following four principles:

·   We assume risks consciously;

·   We discuss our risks;

·   We act on our risks; and

·   We all are risk managers.

Aligned with this, we understand, identify,
measure, manage and mitigate risks, strengthening the individual and collective accountability of our employees so that they can
make the right decision.

We recognize that our clients’ needs
have changed in an increasingly fast pace. For this reason, we are always attentive to technologies having potential to transform
us into a bank that is more and more digital. In 2015, we co-founded Cubo, a co-creation space now having more than 40 innovative
projects being developed for Itaú. We continue to invest in data scientists who are capable of tailoring and developing
new systems, as well as in information security to help ensure that the most secure products are provided to our clients. We take
care of the details so that our clients do not need to worry about it.

Four years ago, we initiated a
change in our structure to address the succession of Roberto Setubal. Today, we are ready to begin this new cycle, in which
Candido Bracher, former Director-General of the Wholesale area of the bank, assumes as the new Executive President & CEO
of the group. I am optimistic about the newly adopted structure and the new members of Itaú Unibanco’s Executive
Committee, since they have all the ingredients that are necessary to continue to challenge barriers and add value to our
investors, employees and clients.

I invite everyone to read the Consolidated
Annual Report and learn more about the profile of our organization, businesses, strategies, and results. For us to become each
day more transparent with our stockholders and the market, this annual report consolidates our 20-F form, Debt Prospectus (Medium
Term Note - MTN Program) and GRI sustainability guidelines.

I wish you all a pleasant reading.

Cordially,

Pedro Moreira Salles.

Chairman of the Board of Directors.

1
Net income attributable to
owners of the parent company, in IFRS.

A-
7

Message from the Chief Executive Officer

Dear reader,

As I noted in my message on the last Consolidated
Annual Report, 2016 was expected to be challenging and we would proceed with our strategy of managing risks cautiously while keeping
the capitalization level high and focusing on the efficiency of operations and client service quality. This Report describes how
we executed this strategy, leading us to post positive results in 2016, even in a year marked by a severe recession in Brazil,
with a contraction in GDP in excess of 7% in two years.

Despite the challenging scenario, we once
again ended the year strong, with consistent results which are the outcome of a business model that balances loans and leases operations
with insurance products and services. This model makes the bank less vulnerable to economic cycles, thus reducing the volatility
of our income.

We closed 2016 with a net income of R$23.3
billion
1
 and an annualized recurring profitability to average equity of 20.1%, down 9.6% from the previous year. Under
the accounting practices adopted in Brazil (BRGAAP), in 2016, 61% of Net Income
2

arise from services and massive insurance products (insurance, pension plan and capitalization operations), 15% derive from treasury
operations and capital surplus, and the remaining 24%, from loans and leases, the results of which have been affected by an increased
default level, causing this activity to post a 9.4% return of regulatory capital, lower than the cost of capital.We believe that,
with the efforts to decrease default, already initiated at the end of the year, we will be able to come back to return levels
in line with the cost of capital for loans and lease operations. This expected improvement, if materialized, will be decisive
to grow our results in the coming years.

Equity attributable to the owners of the
company reached R$122.6 billion at the end of 2015, 9.2% up on 2016, while our Basel ratio at the end of the period was 19.1% and
the average short-term liquidity ratio for 4Q16 was 212.8%, both higher than the minimum 10.5% and 70% required by the Central
Bank, respectively.

The bank´s strong level of capitalization
and prospects of generating results above the capital requirement in the following years allowed management to rise, for 2016,
the total dividends and interest on capital to 45% of net income
2
 and announced
that this distribution is expected to be maintained at 35% and 45% in the coming years.

The value added
3

to economy by Itaú Unibanco reached R$61.6 billion, basically distributed among employees (32%), taxes (29%), reinvestment
of net income (26%), and stockholders (11%). We supported several initiatives and projects throughout 2016. Our social investments
totaled R$474.8 million, 67% of which through donations and sponsorships made by Itaú Unibanco and 33% through funds under
law incentive. Such funds have been allocated to projects to foster education, health, culture, sports and mobility, which are
areas that our organization has been prioritizing over the last year.

In 2016, we announced a series of changes
in our Executive Committee. As disclosed more than two years ago, after 23 years serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Itaú
Unibanco, I left the position in April 2017. Since the last General Shareholders Meeting, I have, in conjunction with Pedro Moreira
Salles, served as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors. The new Chief Executive Officer of the bank is Candido Bracher, who has
more than 36 years’ experience in the financial market and, over the past 28 years, has served in several leading positions
at BBA Creditanstalt, Itaú BBA and Itaú Unibanco, contributing to the evolution of these institutions.

Marco Bonomi ended his mandate as Retail
General Manager and, at the last shareholders meeting, was nominated to be a member of our Board of Directors. With over four decades
of experience in retail business, Marco will certainly make valuable contributions, considering his vast knowledge of banking activities.

After all changes already announced, the
Executive Committee has now the following composition: Candido Bracher, Executive President & CEO, Marcio Schettini, General
Retail Manager, Eduardo Vassimon, General Wholesale Manager, Caio David, Vice-President of Risks and Finance departments, André
Sapoznik, Vice-President of Technology and Operations departments, and Claudia Politanski, Vice-President of Human Resources, Legal
and Ombudsman, Corporate Communication and Institutional and Governmental Relations departments. We believe that this Executive
Committee is ready to face with confidence the major challenges we have ahead.

In 2016, we invested over R$192 million
in training our more than 94 thousand employees, focusing not only on their technical qualification but also on the dissemination
of our Risk Culture, which is a critical factor in managing our organization.

Also, in 2016, our expansion occurred
by means of acquisitions, with an emphasis on the consolidation of Itaú CorpBanca in Chile into our balance sheet, which
represented an addition of R$71 billion to our loans and leases portfolio, the acquisition of Citibank’s retail business
in Brazil, the acquisition of Recovery - a company specialized in debt collection - and the remaining 40% in Itaú BMG Consignado’s
capital.

To ensure that we are able to meet our
clients’ needs, we continue to expand our offerings of products and services through digital channels. If eight years ago,
around 74% of our transactions were conducted from standard channels, in 2016, 73% are conducted from digital channels, which represented
10.9 billion in transactions.

We started this year expecting 2017 to
be better for Brazil, with some growth for the economy and the bank´s results. We will work to continue our distinguished
performance, focused on the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead.

A-
8

Finally, I wish to thank for
the continued trust and support I have received over the 23 years in which I led the bank. It feel privileged for having worked
with so many qualified and dedicated employees, with whom I share the merits of the results reached in the period.

My warmest regards.

Roberto Setubal

Executive President & CEO

1   Net income attributable to owners of the parent company,
in IFRS.

2   Recurring Net Income under BRGAAP: R$22.1 billion in 2016.

3   Includes recurring net income and the reclassification of tax effects of hedging foreign investments
for the financial margin, in BRGAAP

A-
9

Building a bank that’s ever more digital

We always believed in the potential of
technology to make people's lives easier and continue to enhance our relationship with our customers. Based on this, we have come
this far and built our company over nearly a century.

In the 1960s, when no one ever imagined
that technology could change the relationship between people and companies, we were already certain that it would be essential
for us to keep up with the times in an ever changing world.

Our story is proof of that. In 1970, Itaú
built one of the first four main data processing centers in Brazil. It was also during that decade that Unibanco became the first
Brazilian bank to start using the IBM 360 processing system. In 1983, we were the first bank to introduce ATMs in Brazil. And we
didn't stop there. Because we focus on our customers’ needs, in 2013 we created the digital branches, a new way of servicing
our customers with online and after-hour services, keeping a close relationship with them. Also, in September 2016, we launched
an app that allows customers to open bank accounts via their cell phones. Only four months after the launch, more than 60,000 bank
accounts were opened via mobile.

Today we can see that technology and mobile
devices are driving significant changes in society. It is not by chance that over 73% of our transactions take place on digital
channels and over 50% of those are on mobile phones.

Regardless of how much technology is available
to a bank, true progress is only possible if the bank is connected to people, therefore it's more important than ever to put our
customers at the center of everything we do.

We understand that this is a challenge
in terms of both infrastructure and culture, and this is our task for the coming years: to build a digital bank that continues
to be, in every way, personal.

Business strategy

Our Board of Directors is the body responsible
for establishing the general guidelines of our business. Strategic decisions taken by our Board of Directors are supported by the
Strategy Committee, which provides data and information about critical strategic matters. The Strategy Committee’s activities
and responsibilities range from evaluating investment opportunities and budget guidelines to issuing opinions and recommendations
in order to support the decisions of the Board of Directors. The Economic Scenarios Sub-Committee supplies macroeconomic data to
the Strategy Committee, supporting its discussions. Please refer to section Our governance, item Management structure, Committees
of the Board of Directors, Strategy Committee for further information.

Expand our operations in Brazil and abroad

Brazil

We continue to analyze potential business operations which would
create additional value for our stockholders, in Brazil. Please refer to section Our profile, item 2016 highlights, Corporate events
and partnerships for further information.

Abroad

In line with our Latin America expansion
strategy, and consistent with our vision to create value and ensure sustainable performance, as from April 2016, we concluded the
merger of Banco Itaú Chile with CorpBanca and now hold the control of the resulting entity – Itaú CorpBanca.

Please refer to section Our profile, item 2016 highlights, Corporate
events and partnerships for further information.

Furthermore, in 2016, Moody’s assigned
for the first time to Itau BBA International (based in the United Kingdom) an investment grade rating, including an A3 rating for
purposes of an issuer and long term deposits rating. In its ratings release,

Moody’s recognized the strength of Itau BBA International’s
balance sheet and business model.

Please refer to section Our profile, item
Our business, Our international business, Itau BBA International for further details about Itau BBA International’s business.

Focus on non-interest income

We continued to focus on the offer of new
products and services, which we believe add value to our customers and, at the same time, allow us to increase our fee-based income.
This increase is mainly due to a higher volume of account service packages. New subscriptions to current account service packages
and the adjustment of services provided to our higher-income Uniclass clients and by our Itaú Empresas business unit also
contributed to this growth in fee-based income.

In addition, we continue to focus on our
insurance services, which include our 30% stake in Porto Seguro, by operating under the bancassurance model, with a focus on the
sale of massive personal and property insurance services, largely provided through our retail banking. As part of this strategy,
in October 2014 we announced the sale of our large risks operations to the ACE group and the early termination of operating agreements
between Via Varejo S.A. and our subsidiary Itaú Seguros S.A. for the offer of extended warranty insurance in “Ponto
Frio” and “Casas Bahia” stores.

In September
2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our group life insurance operations with Prudential do Brasil. The transfer of shares
and the financial settlement of the transaction will take place after compliance with certain conditions provided

A-
10

for
in the agreement, including obtaining required regulatory authorizations. This transaction reinforces our already-disclosed strategy
of focusing on mass-market insurance products typically related to the Retail Banking segment.

Continue to improve efficiency

In 2010, we established an Efficiency Program
aimed at identifying, implementing, and monitoring costs and revenues, in addition to promoting a strong culture of operational
efficiency. In the years thereafter, we focused on increasing cost savings by reducing unnecessary costs, promoting the simplification
and centralization of processes, promoting synergy gains and combining the management of certain business units.

In February 2015, we created the Technology
and Operations executive area with the aim of optimizing our structure in order to sustain growth. This executive structure enabled
us to organize our operations in a simpler and more efficient manner. We are committed to improve processes, to streamline operations
and to be more efficient in everything we do with the clear purpose of client satisfaction.

Throughout 2015 and 2016, we increased
the number of our digital branches in response to the profile of our customers, who express an increasing demand for services through
digital channels. The clients of our digital branches can be in contact with their relationship managers from 7:00 am to midnight,
from Monday to Friday through a variety of digital channels. This allows us to strengthen our relationship with clients and improve
the efficiency and profitability of our operations.

In 2016, we launched the “Abreconta”
app, which enabled, in the period of four months, the opening of approximately 60,000 new bank accounts exclusively through mobile
channels.

Maintain asset quality in our loan portfolio

We are constantly seeking to improve our
models for credit risk management and our economic forecasts and scenario modeling. In the last four years, we focused on the improvement
of our asset quality by increasing credit selectivity, changing our loan portfolio mix, and prioritizing the offer of less risky
products, such as payroll and mortgage loans, reducing the origination of higher risk portfolios, such as vehicle loans.

On January 21, 2016, we announced that
our subsidiary Itaú Unibanco S.A. entered into a non-binding memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Banco Bradesco S.A.,
Banco do Brasil S.A., Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. and Caixa Econômica Federal in order to create a credit intelligence
bureau, or CIB. The CIB will be structured as a Brazilian corporation (sociedade por ações) and the parties to the
MoU will share its control, with each of them holding a 20% equity ownership. The CIB’s technical and analytical platform
will be developed and implemented through a services agreement with LexisNexis® Risk Solutions FL Inc.

The creation of CIB reaffirms the banks’
confidence in the future of Brazil and of the credit market, and allows a stronger and more sustainable market. CIB’s incorporation
is subject to the execution of definitive agreements, as well as the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent.

Maintain a solid capital base

We implement a prospective approach regarding capital management.
Our approach is comprised of the following phases:

(i) identification and analysis of material
risks, (ii) capital planning, (iii) stress test analysis focused on the impact of severe events on our capitalization level, (iv)
maintenance of a contingency plan, (v) internal capital adequacy assessment and (vi) preparation of periodic management reports.

At the end of December 2016, our Basel
Ratio was 19.1%, of which: 15.9% related to Tier I Capital, which is composed of the sum of Principal Capital and Complementary
Capital and 3.2% related to Tier II Capital. These indicators provide evidence of our effective loss-absorbing capacity.

Furthermore, our average Liquidity Coverage
Ratio (LCR) was 212.8%. The Central Bank minimum requirement for 2016 was 70%. This ratio identifies high liquidity assets to cover
outflows (net) that the institution may be subject to under a strict standard stress scenario considering a 30-day period.

In 2016, we acquired 31.4 million of our
non-voting shares
1
 of own issue at the average price of R$30.13 per share
2

aiming at: (i) maximizing the capital allocation through the efficient application of available funds, (ii) arranging for the delivery
of shares to employees and management members of the company and its subsidiaries under remuneration models and long-term incentive
plans; and (iii) using the shares acquired if business opportunities arise in the future.

Furthermore, in June 2016, we cancelled
100 million of our non-voting treasury shares, with no capital stock change, as the acquisition of our shares with their subsequent
cancellation increases the shareholder's interest percentage in the company’s capital stock and, should the net income and
the distribution of earnings percentage be maintained, it enables a higher return on dividends and interest on capital per share.

1 Quantities adjusted by the October 2016 bonus of 10%.

2 Buyback amounts includes settlement and brokerage fees. Prices
are also adjusted by the October 2016 bonus of 10%.

A-
11

Develop strong relationships with our clients based on client
segmentation

We will continue to work on our client
segmentation strategy in order to identify our clients’ needs and enhance our relationship with our client base, as well
as to increase market penetration. We believe that our client segmentation tools and strategies provide us with an important competitive
advantage developed over the course of more than 25 years. We aim to fulfill clients’ financial needs through a wide product
portfolio by cross-selling banking and insurance products and making sales through a variety of channels. We are focused on delivering
“best-in-class” client service, in order to maintain and increase client satisfaction and increase portfolio profitability.

As part of our reorganization conducted
in 2015, we merged our Commercial Bank – Retail segment with our Consumer Credit – Retail segment and created the Retail
Banking segment. We also migrated our Private Banking, Asset Management and Latin America Activities to our Wholesale segment.
Please refer to section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 34 – Segment Information, for further
details.

Transform client experience through technology

Digital trends evolve on an exponential
basis. Every day, new ways of doing business and using and exploring content emerge. At the same time, people are increasingly
more open to experience the world in other ways by means of technology. We recognize that the needs of our clients are changing
increasingly faster and we are attentive to technologies that have great potential to transform the three levels of clients’
relationship with the bank: experience (with new channels like mobile and internet banking), processing (big data and artificial
intelligence) and infrastructure (the use of new platforms such as blockchain).We have been very active in the discussions on blockchain
- the technology underlying digital and encrypted currencies – in the Latin American financial segment. We are convinced
that this technology may provide solutions that bring more efficiency to our business and better experiences to our clients. In
April 2016, we were the first Latin American company to enter into a partnership agreement with R3, the international innovation
startup that brings together more than 70 of the largest financial institutions in the world to contribute to the international
effort for the development and implementation of innovative solutions for the market based on shared ledger technologies, which
are based on blockchain. We have been studying blockchain and analyzing how this technology can change the financial industry and
its business models.

The manipulation, management and analysis
of large volumes and varieties of data (Big Data) has been a reality for Itaú Unibanco for some time already. The bank has
been improving its data processing and deepening its Data Lake, a massive repository of data capable of storing, processing and
distributing with high performance, various types of information. We believe that the development of solutions that provide for
integrated views of clients allows us to identify what they are going through in their lives and, for this reason, these solutions
are essential for us to predict their needs and segment them in a more precise manner.

We also have new talented professionals
among our employees. Data scientists, specialists in digital security and digital antifraud, people dedicated to studying and developing
the client’s experience in digital channels have, in a collaborative way, joined our design, customer relationship management,
technology and business teams to continue to transform the bank. The work of this team, in addition to improving the analysis of
credit, risk, offer and fraud models, aims to provide mechanisms for the automation of processes and algorithms of our systems,
products and channels. Therefore, the bank expects each time more to understand clients’ needs and offer them the right product
at the right time.

Accordingly, Cubo Coworking Itaú
has been an important ally because it allows us to be close and learn from the latest technologies and working models. In September
2016, Cubo completed one year of operation as an important technological entrepreneurship center in Brazil during this year, it
promoted connections that were essential to leverage businesses, ideas and initiatives of a new generation of entrepreneurs and
digital startups.

Context of this report

This consolidated annual report unifies
the content of our major annually released reports, such as the consolidated annual report on Form 20-F, the consolidated annual
report, and the Offering Memorandum for the Medium-Term Note Program, or MTN Program. The consolidated annual report on Form 20-F,
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, has served as the basis for the content of this report.

The consolidated annual report describes
our strategy, structure, activities and operations, using plain and straightforward language to be clear to all audiences who may
consult this consolidated annual report.

The information presented is aligned with
Pronouncement 13 of the Market Information Disclosure Steering Committee (
Comitê

de Orientação para
Divulgação de Informações ao Mercado
, or CODIM), a Brazilian joint initiative of entities representing
the

capital markets, and focused on improving transparency and information reporting in the Brazilian capital markets.

This consolidated annual report contains
data from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016, presenting our corporate and business structure, governance and financial performance,
among other matters. It also includes information on all entities subject to the significant influence or control of Itaú
Unibanco Holding. Any potential changes or impacts on the data collected as a result of certain transactions, the acquisition or
sale of assets, or any important change for the business are indicated throughout this report. The consolidated annual report is
divided into the following sections: (i) Context, (ii) Our profile, (iii) Our governance, (iv) Our risk management, (v) Performance,
and (vi) Attachments.

A-
12

The audit of our financial statements
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (“IASB”), has been conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes, or PwC.

Documents on display

We are subject to informational requirements
under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for foreign private issuers. Accordingly, we are required to file
reports and other information with the SEC, including consolidated annual reports on Form 20-F and reports on Form 6-K. You may
inspect and copy reports and other information filed with the SEC at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at
100 F Street, N.W., Washington D.C. 20549. Copies of the materials may be obtained by mail from the Public Reference Room of the
SEC at 100 F Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 at prescribed rates. The public may obtain information on the operation of the
SEC’s Public Reference Room by calling the SEC in the United States at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an
Internet website at
www.sec.gov
, from which you can electronically access those materials, including this consolidated
annual report and the accompanying exhibits. We also file financial statements and other periodic reports with the CVM located
at Rua Sete de Setembro, 111, Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro 20050-901, Brazil. The CVM maintains an Internet website at
www.cvm.gov.br.

Copies of our consolidated annual report
on Form 20-F will be available for inspection upon request to the Investor Relations department at our office at Praça Alfredo
Egydio de Souza Aranha 100, Torre Conceição, 9º andar – São Paulo – SP – 04344-902
– Brazil.

Investors may receive a hard copy of this
consolidated annual report, including our complete audited financial statements for the last fiscal year, free of charge, by requesting
a copy from our Investor Relations department, by e-mail, at
investor.relations@itau-unibanco.com.br
, indicating their contact
information and their complete mailing address. Comments and suggestions regarding this report may be sent to the same e-mail.

Reading this report

In this report, the terms:

•   “ Itaú Unibanco Holding ”, “ Itaú Unibanco Group ”,
“ we ”, “ us ” or “ our ” refer to Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and all
its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates, except where specified or differently required by the context;

•   “ Itaú Unibanco ” refers to Itaú Unibanco S.A., together with its
consolidated subsidiaries, except where specified or differently required by the context;

•   “ Itaú BBA ” refers to Banco Itaú BBA S.A., with its consolidated
subsidiaries, except where specified or differently required by the context;

•   “ Brazil ” refers to the Federative Republic of Brazil;

•   “ Brazilian government ” refers to the federal government of the Federative Republic
of Brazil;

•   “ Central Bank ” means the Central Bank of Brazil;

•   “ CMN ” means the National Monetary Council;

•   “ CVM ” means the Securities and Exchange Commission of Brazil;

•   “ Preferred shares ” and “ common shares ” refer to authorized
and outstanding preferred and common shares with no par value;

•   “ ADSs ” refer to our American Depositary Shares (1 (one) ADS represents 1 (one)
preferred share);

•   “ R$ ”, “ reais ” or “ Brazilian real ”
mean real , the Brazilian official currency; and

•   “ US$ ”, “ dollars ” or “ U.S. dollars ” mean
United States dollars.

Additionally, acronyms used repeatedly,
technical terms and specific market expressions in this consolidated annual report are explained or detailed in the section Attachments,
item Glossary, as are the full names of our main subsidiaries and other entities referenced in this consolidated annual report.

The reference date for the quantitative
information for balances found in this consolidated annual report is as of December 31, 2016 and the reference date for results
is the year ended December 31, 2016, except where otherwise stated.

Our fiscal year ends on December 31 and,
in this consolidated annual report, any reference to any specific fiscal year is to the 12-month period ended on December 31 of
that year.

The information found in this consolidated
annual report is accurate only as of the date of such information or as of the date of this consolidated annual report, as applicable.
Our activities, the situation of our finances and assets, the results of transactions and our prospects may have changed since
that date.

This document contains information, including
statistical data, about certain markets and our competitive position. Except as otherwise indicated, this information is taken
or derived from external sources. We indicate the name of the external source in each case where industry data are presented in
this consolidated annual report. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of information taken from external sources, or that, in respect
of internal estimates, a third party using different methods would obtain the same estimates as the estimates we present in this
report.

A-
13

Information contained in or accessible
through the websites mentioned in this consolidated annual report does not form part of this report unless we specifically state
that it is incorporated by reference and forms part of this report. All references in this report to websites are inactive textual
references and are for information only.

Forward-looking information

This consolidated annual report contains
statements that are or may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We have based these
forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends affecting
our business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, among other risks:

•   General economic, political, and business conditions in Brazil and variations in inflation indexes,
interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and the performance of financial markets;

•   General economic and political conditions, in particular in the countries where we operate;

•   Government regulations and tax laws and amendments to such regulations and laws;

•   Developments in high-profile investigations currently in progress and their impact on customers
or on our tax exposures;

•   Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets;

•   Increases in compulsory deposits and reserve requirements;

•   Regulation and liquidation of our business on a consolidated basis;

•   Obstacles for holders of our shares and ADSs to receive dividends;

•   Failure or hacking of our security and operational infrastructure or systems;

•   Strengthening of competition and industry consolidation;

•   Changes in our loan portfolio and changes in the value of our securities and derivatives;

•   Losses associated with counterparty exposure;

•   Our exposure to the Brazilian public debt;

•   Incorrect pricing methodologies for insurance, pension plan and premium bond products and inadequate
reserves;

•   The effectiveness of our risk management policy;

•   Damage to our reputation;

•   The capacity of our controlling stockholder to conduct our business;

•   Difficulties during the integration of acquired or merged businesses;

•   Effects from socio-environmental issues; and

•   Other risk factors listed in the section Our Risk Management, item Risk Factors.

The words “believe”, “may”,
“will”, “estimate”, “continue”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “expect”
and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements.
We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements because of new information, future events
or otherwise. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking information, events and circumstances discussed in
this consolidated annual report might not occur. Our actual results and performance could differ substantially from those anticipated
in such forward-looking statements.

About our financial information

Our consolidated financial
statements, included elsewhere in this consolidated annual report, are prepared in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS, as issued by the IASB. All consolidated financial information related to the years
2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 included in this report were prepared in accordance with IFRS.

We use accounting practices adopted in
Brazil applicable to institutions authorized to operate by the Brazilian Central Bank (“Brazilian GAAP”) for our reports
to Brazilian stockholders, filings with the CVM, and calculation of payments of dividends and tax liabilities.

The CMN establishes that financial institutions
meeting certain criteria, such as Itaú Unibanco Holding, are required to present complete financial statements in accordance
with IFRS as issued by IASB, in addition to financial statements under Brazilian GAAP.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements in IFRS, Note 34 – Segment Information for further details about the main differences between
our management reporting systems and the complete financial statements prepared according to IFRS.

Our consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and for the three years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes, an independent auditors, as stated in its report in section Performance, item
Financial Performance in this report.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements in IFRS, Note 2 – Significant Accounting Policies for further details about the significant
accounting policies applied in the preparation of our complete financial statements according to IFRS.

A-
14

O
ur
profile

In numbers

Selected Financial Data – IFRS

The following selected financial data must be read in conjunction
with the section Performance item Results and Complete Financial Statements in IFRS included in this consolidated annual report.

The data presented in the tables below have been derived from
our complete financial statements for the years presented, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by IASB,
unless otherwise indicated.

As
    of December 31,   Variation
Assets   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012   2016-2015   %   2015-2014   %   2014-2013   %   2013-2012   %
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Cash and deposits on demand   18,542   18,544   17,527   16,576   13,967   (2   )   (0.0   )   1,017   5.8   951   5.7   2,609   18.7
Central Bank compulsory deposits   85,700   66,556   63,106   77,010   63,701   19,144   28.8   3,450   5.5   (13,904   )   (18.1   )   13,309   20.9
Interbank deposits   22,692   30,525   23,081   25,660   23,826   (7,833   )   (25.7   )   7,444   32.3   (2,579   )   (10.1   )   1,834   7.7
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   265,051   254,404   208,918   138,455   162,737   10,647   4.2   45,486   21.8   70,463   50.9   (24,282   )   (14.9   )
Financial assets held for trading   204,648   164,311   132,944   148,860   145,516   40,337   24.5   31,367   23.6   (15,916   )   (10.7   )   3,344   2.3
Financial assets designated at fair value through
    profit or loss   1,191   642   733   371   220   549   85.5   (91   )   (12.4   )   362   97.6   151   68.6
Derivatives   24,231   26,755   14,156   11,366   11,597   (2,524   )   (9.4   )   12,599   89.0   2,790   24.5   (231   )   (2.0   )
Available-for-sale financial assets   88,277   86,045   78,360   96,626   90,869   2,232   2.6   7,685   9.8   (18,266   )   (18.9   )   5,757   6.3
Held-to-maturity financial assets   40,495   42,185   34,434   10,116   3,202   (1,690   )   (4.0   )   7,751   22.5   24,318   240.4   6,914   215.9
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio,
    net   463,394   447,404   430,039   389,467   341,271   15,990   3.6   17,365   4.0   40,572   10.4   48,196   14.1
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio   490,366   474,248   452,431   411,702   366,984   16,118   3.4   21,817   4.8   40,729   9.9   44,718   12.2
(-) Allowance for loan and lease losses   (26,972   )   (26,844   )   (22,392   )   (22,235   )   (25,713   )   (128   )   0.5   (4,452   )   19.9   (157   )   0.7   3,478   (13.5   )
Other financial assets   53,917   53,506   53,649   47,592   44,492   411   0.8   (143   )   (0.3   )   6,057   12.7   3,100   7.0
Investments in associates and joint ventures   5,073   4,399   4,090   3,931   3,005   674   15.3   309   7.6   159   4.0   926   30.8
Goodwill   9,675   2,057   1,961   1,905   -   7,618   370.3   96   4.9   56   2.9   1,905   100.0
Fixed assets, net   8,042   8,541   8,711   6,564   5,628   (499   )   (5.8   )   (170   )   (2.0   )   2,147   32.7   936   16.6
Intangible assets, net   7,381   6,295   6,134   5,797   4,671   1,086   17.3   161   2.6   337   5.8   1,126   24.1
Tax assets   44,274   52,149   35,243   34,742   32,412   (7,875   )   (15.1   )   16,906   48.0   501   1.4   2,330   7.2
Assets held for sale   631   486   196   117   117   145   29.8   290   148.0   79   67.5   -   0.0
Other assets   10,027   11,611   13,921   12,142   9,923   (1,584   )   (13.6   )   (2,310   )   (16.6   )   1,779   14.7   2,219   22.4
Total
    assets   1,353,241   1,276,415   1,127,203   1,027,297   957,154   76,826   6.0   149,212   13.2   99,906   9.7   70,143   7.3
Average interest-earning assets (1)   1,151,430   1,070,450   955,416   882,472   784,686   80,980   7.6   115,034   12.0   72,944   8.3   97,786   12.5
Average non-interest-earning assets (1)   159,779   115,596   97,526   83,025   70,758   44,183   38.2   18,070   18.5   14,501   17.5   12,267   17.3
Average total assets (1)   1,311,209   1,186,046   1,052,942   965,497   855,444   125,163   10.6   133,104   12.6   87,445   9.1   110,053   12.9

(1) The average balances are calculated on a monthly basis.
Please refer to section Attachments – Selected Statistical Information, item Average Balance Sheet for further details.

As of December 31,   Variation
Liabilities   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012   2016-2015   %   2015-2014   %   2014-2013   %   2013-2012   %
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Deposits   329,414   292,610   294,773   274,383   243,200   36,804   12.6   (2,163   )   (0.7   )   20,390   7.4   31,183   12.8
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   349,164   336,643   288,683   266,682   267,405   12,521   3.7   47,960   16.6   22,001   8.2   (723   )   (0.3   )
Financial liabilities held for trading   519   412   520   371   642   107   26.0   (108   )   (20.8   )   149   40.2   (271   )   (42.2   )
Derivatives   24,698   31,071   17,350   11,405   11,069   (6,373   )   (20.5   )   13,721   79.1   5,945   52.1   336   3.0
Interbank market debt   135,483   156,886   122,586   111,376   97,073   (21,403   )   (13.6   )   34,300   28.0   11,210   10.1   14,303   14.7
Institutional market debt   96,239   93,918   73,242   72,055   72,028   2,321   2.5   20,676   28.2   1,187   1.6   27   0.0
Other financial liabilities   71,832   68,715   71,492   61,274   50,255   3,117   4.5   (2,777   )   (3.9   )   10,218   16.7   11,019   21.9
Reserves for insurance and private pension   154,076   129,305   109,778   99,023   90,318   24,771   19.2   19,527   17.8   10,755   10.9   8,705   9.6
Liabilities for capitalization plans   3,147   3,044   3,010   3,032   2,892   103   3.4   34   1.1   (22   )   (0.7   )   140   4.8
Provisions   20,909   18,994   17,027   18,862   19,209   1,915   10.1   1,967   11.6   (1,835   )   (9.7   )   (347   )   (1.8   )
Tax liabilities   5,836   4,971   4,465   3,794   7,109   865   17.4   506   11.3   671   17.7   (3,315   )   (46.6   )
Other liabilities   27,110   25,787   23,660   20,848   19,956   1,323   5.1   2,127   9.0   2,812   13.5   892   4.5
Total liabilities   1,218,427   1,162,356   1,026,586   943,105   881,156   56,071   4.8   135,770   13.2   83,481   8.9   61,949   7.0
Capital   97,148   85,148   75,000   60,000   45,000   12,000   14.1   10,148   13.5   15,000   25.0   15,000   33.3
Treasury shares   (1,882   )   (4,353   )   (1,328   )   (1,854   )   (1,523   )   2,471   (56.8   )   (3,025   )   227.8   526   (28.4   )   (331   )   21.7
Additional paid-in capital   1,785   1,733   1,508   984   888   52   3.0   225   14.9   524   53.3   96   10.8
Appropriated reserves   3,443   10,067   8,210   13,468   22,423   (6,624   )   (65.8   )   1,857   22.6   (5,258   )   (39.0   )   (8,955   )   (39.9   )
Unappropriated reserves   25,362   20,947   16,301   12,138   7,379   4,415   21.1   4,646   28.5   4,163   34.3   4,759   64.5
Cumulative other comprehensive income   (3,274   )   (1,290   )   (431   )   (1,513   )   1,735   (1,984   )   153.8   (859   )   199.3   1,082   (71.5   )   (3,248   )   (187.2   )
Total stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company   122,582   112,252   99,260   83,223   75,902   10,330   9.2   12,992   13.1   16,037   19.3   7,321   9.6
Non-controlling interests   12,232   1,807   1,357   969   96   10,425   576.9   450   33.2   388   40.0   873   909.4
Total stockholders' equity   134,814   114,059   100,617   84,192   75,998   20,755   18.2   13,442   13.4   16,425   19.5   8,194   10.8
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   1,353,241   1,276,415   1,127,203   1,027,297   957,154   76,826   6.0   149,212   13.2   99,906   9.7   70,143   7.3
Average interest-bearing liabilities (1)   969,461   875,904   793,069   738,535   649,026   93,557   10.7   82,835   10.4   54,534   7.4   89,509   13.8
Average non-interest-bearing liabilities (1)   214,024   203,376   169,247   148,215   130,293   10,648   5.2   34,129   20.2   21,032   14.2   17,922   13.8
Total average stockholders’ equity (1)   127,724   106,766   90,626   78,747   76,125   20,958   19.6   16,140   17.8   11,879   15.1   2,622   3.4
Total average liabilities and stockholders’ equity (1)   1,311,209   1,186,046   1,052,942   965,497   855,444   125,163   10.6   133,104   12.6   87,445   9.1   110,053   12.9

(1) The average balances are calculated on a monthly basis.
Please refer to section Attachments – Selected Statistical Information, item Average Balance Sheet for further details.

A-
15

For
    the Ended December 31,   Variation
Statement of Income   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012   2016-2015   %   2015-2014   %   2014-2013   %   2013-2012   %
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Banking Product   118,661   92,011   91,657   79,387   81,172   26,650   29.0   354   0.4   12,270   15.5   (1,785   )   (2.2   )
Losses on Loans and Claims   (22,122   )   (21,335   )   (15,801   )   (14,870   )   (21,354   )   (787   )   3.7   (5,534   )   35.0   (931   )   6.3   6,484   (30.4   )
Banking Product Net of Losses on Loans and Claims   96,539   70,676   75,856   64,517   59,818   25,863   36.6   (5,180   )   (6.8   )   11,339   17.6   4,699   7.9
General and Administrative Expenses   (50,904   )   (47,626   )   (42,550   )   (39,914   )   (38,080   )   (3,278   )   6.9   (5,076   )   11.9   (2,636   )   6.6   (1,834   )   4.8
Tax Expenses   (7,971   )   (5,405   )   (5,063   )   (4,341   )   (4,497   )   (2,566   )   47.5   (342   )   6.8   (722   )   16.6   156   (3.5   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   528   620   565   603   175   (92   )   (14.8   )   55   9.7   (38   )   (6.3   )   428   244.6
Current Income Tax and Social Contribution   (3,898   )   (8,965   )   (7,209   )   (7,503   )   (7,716   )   5,067   (56.5   )   (1,756   )   24.4   294   (3.9   )   213   (2.8   )
Deferred Income Tax and Social Contribution   (10,712   )   16,856   262   3,160   3,491   (27,568   )   (163.6   )   16,594   6,333.6   (2,898   )   (91.7   )   (331   )   (9.5   )
Net Income   23,582   26,156   21,861   16,522   13,191   (2,574   )   (9.8   )   4,295   19.6   5,339   32.3   3,331   25.3
Net Income Attributable to Owners of the Parent Company   23,263   25,740   21,555   16,424   12,634   (2,477   )   (9.6   )   4,185   19.4   5,131   31.2   3,790   30.0
Net Income Attributable
    to Non-Controlling Interests   319   416   306   98   557   (97   )   (23.3   )   110   35.9   208   212.2   (459   )   (82.4   )

For
    the Year Ended December 31,
Earnings and Dividends per
    Share   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012
(In R$, except number
    of shares)
Basic earnings per share (1) (2)
Common   3.57   3.91   3.26   2.48   1.91
Preferred   3.57   3.91   3.26   2.48   1.91
Diluted earnings per share (1) (2)
Common   3.54   3.89   3.24   2.47   1.90
Preferred   3.54   3.89   3.24   2.47   1.90
Dividends and interest on stockholders’
    equity per share (3)
Common   1.58   1.24   1.22   1.03   1.00
Preferred   1.58   1.24   1.22   1.03   1.00
Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic (1)
Common   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143
Preferred   3,171,215,661   3,228,881,081   3,266,347,063   3,257,578,674   3,263,003,810
Weighted average number of shares outstanding - diluted (1)
Common   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143
Preferred   3,216,235,372   3,270,734,307   3,305,545,129   3,289,183,380   3,295,238,153

(1)   Per share information relating to 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 have been retrospectively adjusted
for the share bonus distribution which occurred in 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 as appropriate.

(2)   Earnings per share have been computed following the “two class method” set forth by
IAS 33 Earnings Per Share. Please refer to section Our Profile, item Our shares, Information for the Investor, Stockholders' Payment
for further details of our two classes of stock. Please refer to section Performance, item Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS),
Note 28 - Earnings per Share for further details of calculation of earnings per share.

(3)   Please refer to section Our Profile, item Our shares, Information for the Investor, Stockholders'
Payment and section Our Risk Management, item Regulatory Enviroment for further details. Please refer to section Performance, item
Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 21b - Stockholders Equity - Dividends for further details.

For the Year Ended December 31,
Earnings and Dividends per Share   2016   2015 (1)   2014 (1)   2013 (1)   2012 (1)
(In US$)
Dividends and interest on stockholders’ equity per share (2) (3)
Common   0.48   0.32   0.46   0.44   0.49
Preferred   0.48   0.32   0.46   0.44   0.49

(1)   Per share information relating to 2015, 2014, 2013 and
2012 have been retrospectively adjusted for the share bonus distribution which occurred in 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 as appropriate.

(2)   Under Brazilian Corporate Law, we are allowed to pay interest
on stockholders’ equity as an alternative to paying dividends to our stockholders. Please refer to section Our Profile,
item Our shares, Information for the Investor, Stockholders' Payment and section Our Risk Management, item Regulatory Enviroment
for further details of interest on stockholders’ equity.

(3)   Converted into US$ from reais at the selling rate
established by the Central Bank at the end of the year in which dividends or interest on stockholders’ equity were paid
or declared, as the case may be.

Selected consolidated ratios

As of the Year Ended December 31,
Liquidity and Capital   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012
(%)
Loans and leases as a percentage of total deposits (1)   148.9   162.1   153.5   150.0   150.9
Total stockholders' equity as a percentage of total assets (2)   10.0   8.9   8.9   8.2   7.9

(1)   Loans and leases operations as of year-end divided by total
deposits as of year-end.

(2)   Total stockholders' equity as of year-end divided by total
assets as of year-end.

A-
16

2016 highlights

Corporate events

Changes to management

On November 9, 2016 we disclosed the succession
of the current CEO, in accordance with the established transition process planned and announced to the market over two years ago.
We also announced a series of changes to our Executive Committee. Please refer to section Our Governance, item Our Directors and
Executive Officers for further details about the changes to our management.

10% Share bonus of Itaú Unibanco

In October 2016, our stockholders were
granted one new share for each ten shares of the same class. The unit cost of R$20.05 was assigned to these shares, impacting the
average price for our stockholders. For the fourth consecutive year, we granted our stockholders a 10% bonus in shares and a monthly
dividend which remained at R$0.015 per share. Therefore, taking into account the last four share bonuses which we granted in the
last four years, there would be a 46% increase in the monthly amounts granted to stockholders.

Share buyback program

In 2016, we acquired 31,439,000 of our
non-voting shares for R$947.4 million at an average price of R$30.13 per share. The amount of shares acquired and the average price
were adjusted in accordance with the 10% share bonus in October 2016. This average price also includes settlement and brokerage
fees.

The share buyback process is aimed at (i)
maximizing the capital allocation through the efficient application of available funds, (ii) arranging for the delivery of shares
to our employees and members of our management and that of our subsidiaries under the scope of remuneration models and long-term
incentive plans; and (iii) using the shares acquired if business opportunities arise in the future.

Cancellation of treasury shares

In June 2016, after obtaining regulatory
approvals, we cancelled 100 million of our non-voting treasury shares, with no change to our capital stock.

The acquisition of our shares, with their
subsequent cancellation increases the stockholder's interest percentage in our capital and, should the net income and the distribution
of earnings percentage be maintained, it will enable a higher return on dividends and interest on capital to remaining shareholders.

The balance of treasury shares reached
69,604,462 non-voting shares in December 2016, equivalent to 2.2% of the free float of the same type. Additionally, in January
2017, we repurchased 6.35 million non-voting shares.

Payment of dividends

On August 1, 2016, our Board of Directors
declared interest on capital, in the amount of R$0.39900 per share (or R$0.33915 per share, net of taxes) which was paid out on
August 25, 2016 to all stockholders of record as of the close of trading on August 12, 2016.

On December 9, 2016, our Board of Directors
declared interest on capital in the amount of R$0.47140 per share (or R$0.40069 per share, net of taxes) which was paid out on
March 3, 2017 (as our Board of Directors declared on February 6, 2017) to all stockholders of record as of the close of trading
on December 22, 2016.

On February 6, 2017, our Board of Directors
changed the payment of dividends and interest on own capital of Itaú Unibanco, which will be in a range from 35% to 45%
of the recurring consolidated net income in the next years. In this context, it was approved interest on capital in the amount
of R$0.77540 per share (or R$0.65909 per share, net of taxes) which was paid out on March 3, 2017 to all stockholders of record
as of the close of trading on February 20, 2017. It is important to note that the net payout range is subject to changes due to
mergers and acquisitions, changes in tax regulation, regulatory changes and significant changes in risk-weighted assets (RWA).
Events that may change the net payout described above are not exhaustive, that is, they are examples of situations that may affect
payout. The net payout range is subject to changes, but always considers the minimum distribution provided for in our Bylaws.

Accordingly, the total interest on own capital paid on March
3, 2017, net of income tax, was R$ 1.05978 per share.

Adding the amounts distributed during the
fiscal year 2016 to the amount that was distributed on March 3, 2017, our shareholders received R$1.5789 per share (net of income
tax), totaling R$10.0 billion in dividends and interest on own capital, an amount which equals 45% of the recurring consolidated
net income for 2016, an increase of 36.9% compared to the fiscal year 2015. If we consider the consolidated net income, the payout
was increased from 31.3% in 2015 to 46.2% in 2016.

A-
17

Mergers, acquisitions and partnerships

Credit Intelligence Bureau

In January 2016, we announced that our
subsidiary Itaú Unibanco S.A. entered into a non-binding memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Banco Bradesco S.A., Banco
do Brasil S.A., Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. and Caixa Econômica Federal in order to create a credit intelligence bureau,
or CIB. CIB will be structured as a Brazilian corporation (sociedade por ações) and the parties to the MoU will share
its control, with each of them holding a 20% equity ownership. Its board of directors will be comprised of members appointed by
the parties to the MoU and its executives will be exclusively dedicated to CIB’s businesses, preserving the independent nature
of CIB’s management
.
 CIB’s technical and analytical platform will be developed and implemented through a services
agreement with LexisNexis® Risk Solutions FL Inc.

In November 2016, CADE approved CIB’s
incorporation with certain restrictions. Therefore, all the required regulatory approvals have been obtained. CIB’s incorporation
is subject to the execution of definitive agreements.

Acquisition of Recovery do Brasil Consultoria S.A.

In March 2016, after obtaining regulatory
authorization, we consummated the acquisition of (i) 89.08% interest in the capital stock of Recovery do Brasil Consultoria S.A.,
of which we purchased 81.94% from Banco BTG Pactual S.A. (BTG) and 7.14% from other shareholders, as well as (ii) approximately
70% of a portfolio of R$38 billion in credit rights held by BTG.

Itaú CorpBanca

In April 2016, we closed the merger
of Banco Itaú Chile with and into CorpBanca and, as a result, acquired control of the resulting entity –
Itaú CorpBanca. On that same date, we entered into the Shareholders’ Agreement of
Itaú CorpBanca (“Itaú CorpBanca’s Shareholders’ Agreement”), which entitles us to
appoint, together with Corp Group, former controlling shareholder of CorpBanca, the majority of the members of Itaú
CorpBanca’s board of directors. Such members are appointed according to the ownership interest of each of such parties,
and we have the right to elect the majority of the members elected by this block. Also on that same date, Itaú
Unibanco consolidated Itaú CorpBanca in its financial statements, adding approximately R$114 billion of assets to its
balance sheet.

In October 2016, we acquired 10.9 billion
shares of Itaú CorpBanca for approximately R$288.1 million, as set forth in Itaú CorpBanca’s Shareholders’
Agreement, and increased from 33.58% to 35.71%, without changing the governance of Itaú CorpBanca.

In January 2017, we executed an amendment
to the transaction agreement, which provided for (i) the postponement of the date of acquisition of the shares held by Corp Group
in Banco CorpBanca Colombia S.A. (“
CorpBanca Colombia
”) from January 29, 2017 to January 28, 2022, subject to
receipt of applicable regulatory approvals; (ii) the modification of the previously defined structure for the combination of the
operations of Itaú Unibanco and Itaú CorpBanca in Colombia, which will be implemented through a sale and purchase
of assets and liabilities; and (iii) the replacement of the obligation to consummate an initial public offering (IPO) of CorpBanca
Colombia for the obligation to register CorpBanca Colombia as a public company and list its shares on the Colombian stock exchange

Alliance with MasterCard in the payment solutions market
in Brazil

In May 2016, the Court of CADE approved,
with certain restrictions, a sevenyear term agreement between our subsidiary Itaú Unibanco S.A. and MasterCard Brasil Soluções
de Pagamento Ltda., or MasterCard, to create an alliance in the payment solutions market in Brazil (the Strategic Alliance), to
operate, through a company controlled by MasterCard, a new electronic payment network under a brand with domestic and international
acceptance.

Sale of group life insurance business

In September 2016, we entered into an agreement
for the sale of our group life insurance operations to Prudential do Brasil Seguros de Vida S.A. The transfer of shares and the
financial settlement of this transaction will take place after compliance with certain conditions provided for in the agreement.
This transaction reinforces our strategy, which has already been disclosed, to focus on mass-market insurance products that are
typically related to retail banking.

Acquisition of Citibank retail business in Brazil

In October 2016, we entered into an Equity
Interest Purchase Agreement with Citibank for the acquisition of its retail business in Brazil, including loans, deposits, credit
cards, branches, on-shore wealth management and insurance brokerage, as well as the equity investments held by Citibank in TECBAN
– Tecnologia Bancária S.A. and in CIBRASEC – Companhia Brasileira de Securitização.

Citibank’s retail business in Brazil (which
includes 71 branches) had, as of the date of execution of the Equity Interest
Purchase
Agreement, approximately 315,000 retail bank clients, approximately 1.1 million credit cards and a credit portfolio

A-
18

of
approximately R$6 billion and, as of December 31, 2015, approximately R$35 billion in deposits and assets under management.
We estimate that the impact on our principal capital (Tier I) resulting from this transaction would be approximately 40 basis
points (utilizing the Basel III methodologies).

The completion of this transaction is subject
to compliance with certain conditions, including obtaining approvals from the Central Bank of Brazil and CADE.

Acquisition of Itaú BMG Consignado shares

In December 2016, after obtaining the required
regulatory authorizations and fulfilling conditions, we consummated the acquisition of the totality of the equity interest held
by BMG in Banco Itaú BMG Consignado S.A., corresponding to 40% of Itaú BMG Consignado’s total share capital.
We paid R$1.46 billion and are now the holders of 100% of the total capital.

We have maintained our position as the
leading institution among privately-held banks in this segment. At December 31, 2016, our payroll loan portfolio amounted to R$44.6
billion, including Itaú BMG Consignado’s operations.

Awards and recognition

In 2016, we received a series of awards
and acknowledgements helping to strengthen our reputation. A few of our most significant awards and acknowledgements are listed
below:

Latin American Excellence Awards (Communication
Director magazine – January 2016) -
Itaú was granted this award

in the CSR Report category, with its 2014
Integrated Report. The Latin American Excellence Awards recognizes Public Relations and Communications achievements among the companies
from Latin America applying for the award. It is organized by Communication Director magazine, a European quarterly publication,
headquartered in Germany, targeting global decision makers in the areas of corporate communications, public relations and public
affairs. Its international coverage reaches all five continents.

Company Award 2016 (Trade Finance -
January 2016) -
Itaú BBA won the Company Award 2016 in the category Best

trade bank in Brazil. This award is
organized by Trade Finance, the financial news and operation analysis service unit of Euromoney.

IF Design Award (International Forum
Design GmbH – January 2016) -
The International Forum Design has over 60

years of existence and is considered
one of the highest acknowledgments in the world. The winners receive the IF quality seal, a symbol acknowledged globally as the
apex of excellence in the market. Itaú's awarded project was Cubo, in the Communication discipline, and category 3.05 Brand
Identity.

International Visual Identity Awards
(Left Bank - February 2016) -
Itaú won the award in the Financial Services

category. The International Visual
Identity Awards is an independent competition, not related to any media large company or corporation. It was designed by people
with a passion for good design and has a partnership with Left Bank. This was the third edition of the award.

Deals of the Year (The Banker –
April 2016) -
Itaú BBA was acknowledged in the 'Americas - Equities' category, with the

follow-on for Telefônica
company, a transaction that raised R$16.1 billion.

2016 'Valor' Executive (Valor Econômico
magazine – May 2016) -
In the 16th edition of this award, Roberto Setubal was

the executive elected in the "Banks
and Financial Services" sector.

Efinance Award (Financial Executives
– May 2016) -
Itaú BBA was acknowledged in the Process Management category.

Itaú Unibanco was acknowledged
in the FinTech category, with the 'Cubo' case. Rede was acknowledged in the B2B channels category.

The Best of São Paulo –
Services (Folha de S. Paulo newspaper – May 2016) -
For the second consecutive year, Itaú

Unibanco was
the winner in the Internet Banking category.

The Most Valuable Brands (O Estado de
S. Paulo – June 2016)
- Itaú ranked first in the "Banks" category, second in the

"Savings"
category, and third in the "Insurance companies" category.

Exame's Best and Largest Companies (Exame
magazine – June 2016)
- In the 43
rd

edition of this award, Itaú
Unibanco

was the number one in the “200 largest groups" and “50 Largest Banks" rankings. At the “100
Largest Publicly-Held Companies" ranking, it ranked 2nd. At the "Mergers and Acquisitions" ranking, Itaú
BBA/Itaú was ranked 2nd. At the “50 Largest Insurance Companies", Itaú Seguros ranked 10th; Itaú
Auto e Residência ranked 17th; and Itaú Vida ranked 28th.

A-
19

Valor Inovação
Brasil 2016 (Valor Innovation Brazil 2016) Award (Valor Econômico magazine – July 2016)
- Itaú

Unibanco
ranked first in the Financial Services sector.

Top 1000 World Banks 2016
(The Banker – July 2016) -
Itaú Unibanco was the winner in the Top 25

–

Latin America

and
the Caribbean ranking.

Project & Infrastructure
Finance Awards (Latin Finance - July 2016)
- Itaú BBA was recognized in the Best

Infrastructure Bank Brazil category.

Anuário Época
Negócios 360º (Época Negócios Directory 360º) (Época Negócios magazine – August
2016)
- Itaú

Unibanco was presented as the winner in the Banking sector in this directory. Additionally, Itaú
Seguros ranked among the 60 top companies in the global ranking of the best 300 in the 5th edition of the directory.

Mais Valor Produzido (MVP)
– Bancos 2016 (More Created Value – Banks 2016) Ranking (Dom Strategy Partners – August 2016) -
Itaú
Unibanco was chosen as the bank with the highest perception of value by its stakeholders for the third

consecutive year.

As Melhores da Dinheiro 2016
(The Best of Dinheiro 2016) (Isto É Dinheiro magazine – September 2016)
- In the 14th

edition of this award,
Itaú Unibanco was chosen as the Company of the Year and also The Best Bank.

Prêmio Ouvidorias Brasil
2016 (Brazil Ombudsman Offices Award) ABRAREC (Brazilian Association of Customer-Company Relations) and Grupo Padrão –
September 2016 -
Itaú Unibanco received this award with the Solução Perto de

Você (Close
to you solution) case.

Empresa Pró-Ética
(Companies Promoting Ethics) (Ministry of Transparency, Inspection and General Controllership of the Federal Government –
November 2016) -
Itaú Unibanco was among the 25 companies awarded for taking part in the

promotion of a fairer
and more ethical and transparent corporate environment in Brazil.

Empresas Líderes em
Transparência (Leading Companies in Transparency) (CDP Latin America – December 2016)-
For the third
consecutive year, Itaú Unibanco was recognized among the leading companies in terms of transparency.

Bank of the Year (The Banker
– December 2016) -
Itaú Unibanco was named the "Bank of the Year - Brazil" by The

Banker magazine.

As Marcas Brasileiras Mais
Valiosas (Brazilian Most Valuable Brands) (Interbrands – December 2016
) - For the 13th

time, Itaú Unibanco
ranked top on the list of the most valuable brands in Brazil, valued at R$ 26.6 billion, up 8% compared to 2015.

Subsequent events

On April 19, 2017, the following
changes in the composition of the Board of Directors were proposed and approved at the Annual and Extraordinary General Meeting:

•       Candido
Bracher, who becomes Chief Executive Officer replacing Roberto Setubal, is no longer a Board member but continues to attend the
Board’s meeting as an invited member. In order to fulfill his vacancy in the Board of Directors, was elected Marco Bonomi,
the General Retail Manager until late 2016, who has reached the limit age for performing executive functions after 22 years in
the Company.

•       João
Moreira Salles, officer of Brasil Warrant Administração de Bens e Empresas, was elected to one of the vacancies to
represent the controlling stockholders in the Board of Directors, pursuant to the provisions of the Company’s Stockholders’
Agreement, replacing Demosthenes Madureira de Pinho Neto, who leaves the Board.

•       Alfredo
Villela has informed the Board that he leaves his management position in the Company. Geraldo Carbone, who had been a Board member
from 2006 to 2008 and Executive Vice-President from 2008 to 2011, was elected for his position for the next term of office, pursuant
to the provisions of the Company’s Stockholders’ Agreement.

•       Nildemar
Secches has informed the Board that he leaves his management position in the Company. To fill this vacancy, Amos Genish, one of
the founders and a former CEO of GVT and a former CEO of Telefônica Brasil, was elected as an independent member.

•       Alfredo
Setubal, Fábio Colletti Barbosa, Gustavo Loyola, José Galló, Pedro Bodin, Pedro Moreira Salles, Ricardo Villela
Marino, and Roberto Setubal were reelected.

•       Pedro
Moreira Salles and Roberto Setubal will serve as co-chairman of the Board of Directors.

*The elections and reelections mentioned above are
pending of approval by the Brazilian Central Bank.

A-
20

Our history begins back in 1924, when Casa
Moreira Salles, founded by João Moreira Salles in Poços de Caldas, Minas Gerais, received the letter patent issued
by the Brazilian Government, which allowed it to operate as a banking section, i.e., as a correspondent of the state mainstream
banks. This entity eventually became Unibanco.

A-
21

On the other hand, Itaú was established
about two decades later, in 1945, when Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha, a businessman in the textile industry, and his partner Aloysio
Ramalho Foz founded Banco Central de Crédito S.A., which was located in downtown São Paulo.

Gradually João Moreira Salles passed
the management of Casa Moreira Salles to his son Walther Moreira Salles, who took over in 1933 while he was still a law student.
In 1959, Alfredo Egydio transferred the management to his nephew Olavo Setubal, who counted on the support of the founder's son-in-law,
Eudoro Villela, in this new venture.

During their separate histories, Itaú
and Unibanco exhibited a number of common attributes such as their concern for ethics and transparency in doing business, adherence
to the law and appreciation of their employees. The two organizations also shared the same close relationship with their clients
by understanding their needs and their economic circumstances, thereby allowing the institutions to support businesses expansion
by means of innovative services.

Pioneering in the dissemination of the
use of technology to process banking transactions and services offered to clients, the two institutions made heavy investments
in automation and support of modern operational centers. Moreover, the expansion on the basis of mergers, acquisitions and incorporations
is another constant characteristic of the evolution of both banks.

Another element common to the two institutions
was the support of arts and culture and the social and environmental responsibility that are manifested in Instituto Itaú
Cultural and, in the social realm, in Fundação Itaú Social and Instituto Unibanco.

After nine decades of history, we continue
to follow the principles and values of those who laid the foundations of what we are and, like them, we remain focused on the future
to build a better world for future generations. For this reason, sustainability is a concept that permeates our organization and
is widespread in our culture.

Today we are one of the largest banks in
the world with international operations and deep roots in Latin America. Our commitment to Brazil leads us to serve as an agent
of transformation of the society by working for great causes, such as culture, education, sports and urban mobility, continuously
seeking the common good and contributing to the country's development.

Our vision, Our culture

Driven by the change in the context of
our businesses, by customer requirements and the transformation in the organization, in 2015, we saw the need to underscore a series
of attitudes in our culture known as Our Way (
Nosso Jeito
).

Since then, Our Way has evolved into seven
attitudes, comprising the means whereby we intend to achieve our vision: To be the leading bank in sustainable performance and
customer satisfaction.

Our Way_

1_it’s only good for us if it’s good for the
client_

2_we’re passionate about performance_

3_people mean everything to us_

4_the best argument is the one that matters_

5_simple. always_

6_we think and act like owners_

7_ethics are non-negotiable_

The launch of Our Way took place at the
Meeting among Leaders, which year after year constitutes one of the principal initiatives we use for reinforcing our culture.

Meeting among Leaders

Held annually since 2010, the objective
of this event is to align the leadership of the organization with our strategy, ensuring the commitment and continuous engagement
of our employees. In 2016, the event had an audience of 720 leaders and as its core theme, Digital Culture.

In addition to the Meeting, other initiatives were adopted for
disseminating our culture:

Walther Moreira Salles Award: an annual
event for enhancing the organizational culture by highlighting exceptional projects and practices on the part of Itaú Unibanco’s
employees. In 2016, there were five award categories (leadership, innovation, efficiency, risk management and customer satisfaction)
with 40 winners.

Alignment to Our Way Survey: a survey designed
to evaluate the degree of alignment of the employees with the attitudes of our culture. In 2016, we launched the survey following
the announcement of Our Way at the Meeting among Leaders. We had a total of 40,078 respondents out of the 85,622 employees invited
to take part.

Employees

The number of employees within Itaú
Unibanco increased from 90,320 in 2015 to 94,779 in 2016, mainly due to the consolidation of Itaú CorpBanca as from the
second quarter of 2016.

A-
22

The tables below show the total number
of employees for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, segmented by region (Brazil and abroad) and operating unit:

Employees   As of December 31,   Variation
(Brazil and abroad)   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
In Brazil   80,871   83,481   86,192   (2,610   )   (3.1   )%   (2,711   )   (3.1   )%
Abroad   13,908   6,839   6,983   7,069   103.4   %   (144   )   (2.1   )%
Argentina   1,647   1,607   1,679   40   2.5   %   (72   )   (4.3   )%
Chile   5,919   2,539   2,563   3,380   133.1   %   (24   )   (0.9   )%
Colombia   3,754   -   -   3,754   -   -   -
Uruguay   1,134   1,170   1,176   (36   )   (3.1   )%   (6   )   (0.5   )%
Paraguay   806   799   789   7   0.9   %   10   1.3   %
Europe   200   216   233   (16   )   (7.4   )%   (17   )   (7.3   )%
Other   448   508   543   (60   )   (11.8   )%   (35   )   (6.4   )%
Total   94,779   90,320   93,175   4,459   4.9   %   (2,855   )   (3.1   )%

Employees   As of December 31,   Variation
(by operating unit)   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
Retail banking   71,159   72,815   75,143   (1,656   )   (2.3   )%   (2,328   )   (3.1   )%
Wholesale banking   22,909   16,468   16,940   6,441   39.1   %   (472   )   (2.8   )%
Activities with the market and corporation   711   1,037   1,092   (326   )   (31.4   )%   (55   )   (5.0   )%
Total   94,779   90,320   93,175   4,459   4.9   %   (2,855   )   (3.1   )%

The Turnover Rate is the ratio of employees
hired to employees terminated (either voluntarily or involuntarily) in a given period. We monitor this rate on a monthly basis
and submit it to the Executive Committee (the criteria used do not include employees outside of Brazil, apprentices, expatriates,
disability retirees, officers and interns).

Turnover Rate¹

¹Turnover Rate = Total terminations
/ (Total employees at the beginning of the period + Total employees at the end of the period) / 2. The total employees at the end
of the period considers employees at the beginning of the period plus the hiring of employees minus the employee terminations.

The Connecting Opportunities Program

The Connecting Opportunities Program has
evolved from the revamping of the Reallocation Center. The Program’s objective is to retain employees aligned with the organization’s
culture but for whom temporarily there is no room to grow in their current posts. The initial approach to such a situation is based
on the reception of the employee and the mapping of the employee’s profile in readiness for future appointments to positions
in Itaú Unibanco. Following discussions, the employee will participate in a career initiative process covering such aspects
as preparing a résumé, interviewing postures and activating networking. In this way, the employee is given the support
to ensure best performance during the process. In addition, the employee receives a guide with information, roles and responsibilities
during the Connecting Opportunities Program. The selection team works jointly with the managers responsible for the vacancy in
which the employee is interested. This work has produced positive results, with 56% of the nominated employees having found new
positions in which to grow within the organization.

In 2016, most of the employee terminations
occurred in the age group between 30 and 50 years old and the hiring of employees in the age group below 30 years old.

A-
23

Compensation and benefits

We have adopted market parameters and compensation
strategies, which vary according to the business area of each employee. We periodically verify these parameters through the commissioning
of salary surveys conducted by specialized consultants, participation in surveys conducted by other banks, as well as participation
in specialized forums on compensation matters.

Fixed compensation under our compensation
strategy takes into account the complexity of an individual’s work duties and such individual’s performance with respect
to such duties. Employees' fixed compensation changes according to the policy on promotion and merit, which takes into consideration
the seniority of the employees and their performance when carrying out their duties.

The variable compensation, in turn, acknowledges
the level of dedication, the results achieved and the short-term, medium-term and long-term sustainability of such results.

In addition, employees are entitled to
receive salary adjustments and are entitled to profit sharing, pursuant to the collective bargaining agreements applicable in the
relevant jurisdictions.

Our share-based profit-sharing plan, specifically
designed for managers and senior managers, acknowledges those who stood out during the relevant year. The plan consists on granting
preferred shares (ITUB4) or equivalent instruments, subject to the limits established by the Compensation Committee, to 10% of
managers and 30% of senior managers. Of the total granted, one-third vests each year over a period of three years after the award,
which is made in the coming year immediately after the performance year to which it relates. The number of preferred shares or
share-based instruments granted is determined by the financial results of the organization/area as well as individual performance.
The preferred shares or share-based instruments are delivered on the same date as the final portion of the profit-sharing payment,
as determined in the relevant collective bargaining agreements. Compensation based on shares is not proportional to working time.
The preferred share price is calculated on the seventh working day prior to the award, using the average price of ITUB4 on BM&FBOVESPA
in the preceding thirty days from calculation.

We also have an institutional program
called Partners Program, comprised of members of management and employees, in each case approved by our Personnel Committee,
who had outstanding performance. Eligible employees are entitled to use part or their total annual variable compensation to
purchase our preferred shares(Own Shares). If they hold the ownership of these Own Shares for three- and five-year terms as
from the initial investment, the return on investment will be made through the receipt of our preferred shares(Partners
Shares), also for three- and five-year terms. These Partners Shares will subsequently remain unavailable for five- and
eight-year terms as from the initial investment in Own Shares. The Partners Program may also consider other instruments
derived from shares as opposed to actual shares.

We provide several benefits established
in the relevant collective bargaining agreements with unions, which represent many categories of employees. The conditions of such
benefits are set forth in the relevant collective bargaining agreements (such as allowances for meals, nursery/nanny care for children,
transportation, etc.). There are additional benefits, such as: (i) medical and dental care plans; (ii) private pension plans; (iii)
group life insurance; (iv) psychosocial services; and (v) personalized treatment in the use of banking products and services. The
granting of these benefits may vary according to the category of employees and/or market or regulatory considerations with respect
to the relevant jurisdictions applicable to a particular employee.

Labor relations

We have a permanent channel for dialog
with the labor unions representing all our employees in various professional categories. Respect, transparency and a direct relationship
are among the principles involved in our dealings with these entities. These activities are executed with a focus on innovative
and negotiated solutions to minimize possible differences and areas of conflict involving our employees.

We guarantee our employees the right of
free association with labor unions and recognize the rights and privileges of those that may be elected to executive positions
in labor unions in accordance with prevailing Brazilian legislation and the collective labor agreements for each professional category
to which we are party. In addition, we permit labor unions to hold membership campaigns. When requested, we hold meetings between
the entities, our managers and/or employees.

We maintain our commitment to prioritize
collective negotiations and a permanent agenda of matters to be discussed with labor unions. Such an agenda allows us to resolve
conflicts efficiently and underscores our commitment to a permanent and direct relationship with the entities representing the
employees.

All our employees in Brazil enjoy the support
of collective labor agreements which guarantee rights over and above those provided under the labor legislation in addition to
other benefits that may be granted to our employees of a non-recurring nature and in line with our policies.

In the collective bargaining negotiations
with the bank’s employees during 2016, the financial sector suffered 22 business days of strikes with an average impact on
our branches of 37.7% (the same percentage as in 2015). As in previous years, these work stoppages affected Brazilian banks generally
since the labor action took place across the entire domestic financial system.

During the 2015 collective bargaining negotiations
with the bank employee unions, the financial sector experienced a 14-business day strike with an average impact of 37.7% on our
branch network.

During the bank employee wage negotiations
in 2014, strike action lasted five business days, impacting our branches on an average of 25.4% during this period.

All these labor manifestations and strikes
affecting our branches have a partial impact only on our business since at least some branches are able to open during the day
and the entire network is never brought to a complete halt. In this context, it

A-
24

is worth pointing
out that, in the past few years, we have seen a growing volume of operations which are transacted through our digital channels.
This has made a significant contribution to minimizing the effects of strike action on our operations.

Brand

Our brand aims to promote positive changes
in the lives of people and in society. We deliver products and services – focused on our clients’ needs – that
reflect our continuous efforts to provide the best experience for everyone who interacts with us, every day. Our efforts to foster
financial education permeate our entire organization and encourage people to have a more balanced relationship with their money
by choosing the best type of credit and by planning their investments more efficiently. Our responsibility for the development
of the nation is at the very heart of our brand, which is why, in addition to the transformation that is inherent in our core business,
we also invest in projects related to education, culture, sports and urban mobility.

In 2016, we were once again ranked at the
top of the Interbrand ranking of most valuable Brazilian brands with an estimated value of R$ 26.611 million. This is the 13th
consecutive year in which we have been at the top of this ranking. The analysis is based on our brand’s ability to generate
financial results, influence the client selection process and ensure long-term demand.

The #issomudaomundo (#thischangestheworld)
platform, which guides our causes and our investments in various projects, continues to illustrate our institutional campaigns.
This year, with the Leia para uma criança (Read to a child) campaign, we reached an impressive milestone: over 3 million
books were offered, including braille books. This shows that we continue to mobilize clients and non-clients to make a difference
in children’s lives.

Our capacity to inspire and engage people
can also be seen on social media. We publish a series of articles and videos that express our point of view and tell stories that
encourage people to implement positive changes in their lives. In 2016, we reached over 129 million views, which means we remain
the largest Brazilian brand channel on
YouTube
 and the largest in the world from the financial sector.

Social media is increasingly important
to our strategy. This year, we achieved over 8 million fans on
Facebook
. We have the largest
Facebook
 community of
any bank in the world and one of the largest fan bases of any Brazilian brand, according to Socialbakers. Our
Twitter
 profile
has over 607 thousand followers, making us number one in the country’s financial sector.

We also have approximately 169 thousand followers on
Instagram
.

We continue to monitor all of our social
media profiles 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We have a specific structure to interact with the public on all matters related
to Itaú: questions, suggestions, comments and complaints. We have received more than 675 thousand mentions on social media
from January 2016 to December 2016, 67% of which were positive and neutral comments, according to Gauge, a consulting agency that
assists us in the analysis of social media data.

2016 was a special year for Itaú.
We reinforced our positioning as a digital bank by means of the Digitau platform, highlighting in our communication and advertising
campaigns the new technological solutions Itaú Unibanco presents to the market, such as apps and digital branches. Combining
our innovative technology with our vision of making people’s daily lives easier we create increasingly simpler financial
solutions.

Patents

We are the owners of patents and patent
applications in Brazil and abroad for a method for generating a virtual keyboard for entry of a security code or user PIN number.
Applications related to this patent are still pending analysis in Brazil, Uruguay and Venezuela. We are the owners of a patent
for this method in Germany, Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Chile, Denmark, Spain, Finland, France, Greece, the Netherlands, Ireland,
Italy, Luxembourg, Peru, Portugal, the United Kingdom, Sweden and Switzerland. Additionally, we are the owners of patent applications
for a method for identifying a financial institution’s access PIN and for a method, user device and system to submit financial
transaction information, which are still pending analysis in Brazil.

In Brazil, the effective term for protection
of invention patents is 20 years from the date when the patent application is made. The effective terms and requirements for extension
of patents outside of Brazil depend on the laws of each country or region where a patent is registered.

Main stockholders

We are controlled by IUPAR, which is jointly
controlled by Itaúsa and Cia. E. Johnston. Itaúsa is controlled by members of the Egydio de Souza Aranha family,
and Cia. E. Johnston is controlled by members of the Moreira Salles family.

Except for the shares indirectly owned
by our controlling stockholders (through their participation in IUPAR and Itaúsa), the members of our Board of Directors
and our Board of Officers, on an individual basis and as a group, beneficially owned less than 1% of our common shares and less
than 1% of our preferred shares.

According to Brazilian regulation and as
approved by the Central Bank, foreign investors may have a maximum of 30% of our common shares.

The following table presents information
on the persons that, to our knowledge, held over 5% of our common or preferred shares as of March 31, 2017:

A-
25

Common Shares   Preferred Shares   Total
Total Number of   Total Number of   Total Number of
Stockholders   Shares   % of Total   Shares   % of Total   Shares   % of Total
IUPAR – Itaú Unibanco Participacões S.A.   1,709,389,603   51.00   -   -   1,709,389,603   25.96
Itaúsa – Investimentos Itaú S.A.   1,295,937,718   38.66   112,882   -   1,296,050,600   19.69
BlackRock (1)   -   -   233,283,398   7.22   233,283,398   3.54
Others   346,413,822   10.34   2,939,466,713   90.99   3,285,880,535   49.93
Subtotal   3,351,741,143   100.00   3,172,862,993   98.21   6,524,604,136   99.12
Treasury stock   3,074   0.00   57,700,333   1.79   57,703,407   0.88
Total   3,351,744,217   100.00   3,230,563,326   100.00   6,582,307,543   100.00

(1) Share ownership information provided by stockholder.

Date: 03/31/2017

A-
26

Ownership Structure

The following chart is an overview of the ownership
structure of the
Itaú Unibanco group as of March 31, 2017, which includes our
controlling shareholders and some of our main subsidiaries:

(1) Excludes shares held in treasury and by our controlling
shareholders.

Please refer to section Performance, item Consolidated financial statements (IFRS), Note 2.4 a I –
Summary of main accounting practices for further information about our subsidiaries.

A-
27

IUPAR stockholders’ agreement

Itaúsa and Cia. E. Johnston have
a stockholders’ agreement that governs their relationship as controlling stockholders of IUPAR and, indirectly, as our controlling
stockholders and as controlling stockholders of our subsidiaries. Please refer to
www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/IUPARingles.pdf
,
for further details. The main terms and conditions of the agreement are described below.

The Board of Directors and the Board
of Officers of IUPAR are composed of four members each: two members are nominated by Itaúsa and two members by Cia. E.
Johnston for each one of these bodies. Pursuant to the IUPAR stockholders’ agreement, IUPAR shares held by
Itaúsa and Cia. E. Johnston cannot be transferred to third parties until November 3, 2018. After this period, if any
stockholder party to the IUPAR stockholders’ agreement decides to transfer its IUPAR shares to a third party, the other
stockholders will have right of first refusal or tag-along rights. If both Itaúsa and Cia. E. Johnston decide to
transfer all of their shares held in IUPAR or the total shares held by IUPAR in Itaú Unibanco Holding to third
parties, Itaúsa may exercise its tag-along rights, so as to include in the sale all or part of the shares directly
held by it in Itaú Unibanco Holding. All shares held directly by Itaúsa in Itaú Unibanco Holding may be
freely transferred.

The IUPAR stockholders’ agreement
is effective for a 20-year period from January 27, 2009, and may be automatically extended for successive 10-year periods, except
if otherwise indicated.

Transfer of control and increase of interest in the share
capital

Subject to the provisions of the IUPAR
stockholders’ agreement, our Bylaws do not contain any provision that is intended to delay, defer or prevent a change in
our shareholding control or that would operate only with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring of our Company
or its subsidiaries. However, according to Brazilian regulation all such transactions must be carried out in accordance with procedures
established by CMN and be previously approved by the Central Bank.

Brazilian legislation provides that acquisition
of control of a publicly held company triggers the requirement for the acquiring party to make a tender offer for all outstanding
common shares, at a price equivalent to at least 80% of the price per share paid to the controlling stockholders. Additionally,
our Bylaws establish the same price rule for the holders of our preferred shares.

Such legislation also requires our controlling
stockholders to make a tender offer for all of our shares if they increase their interest in our share capital to a level that
materially and negatively affects the liquidity of our shares.

Distribution channels

We provide integrated financial
services and products to our clients through a variety of distribution channels. In addition to our traditional portfolio of
banking products, we offer products such as insurance, investments, foreign exchange and brokerage. Our portfolio of
corporate products suitable for large companies is managed by our wholesale banking segment. Our distribution network is
divided into (i) standard channels: branches, Customer Site Branches -CBSs (banking service centers located at certain
corporate clients), Automatic Teller Machines, ATMs, and telephones; and (ii) digital channels: internet, mobile and SMS
banking. The volume of banking transactions carried out through internet and mobile channels has grown significantly in
recent years.

Standard channels (branches, CSBs and ATMs)

Our branch network serves as a distribution
network for all of the products and services we offer to our clients. As of December 31, 2016 our standard branch network reached
3,653 branches. We have 45 branches in Brazil, especially refurbished for shopping malls, with a new visual identity and service
proposal. The spaces present a new concept of client service, with a differentiated layout inspired by the design of a retail store.
Focusing on the relationship with the client as a way to strengthen contact with the public, these branches are open from 12 p.m.
to 8 p.m. Furthermore, we have reached 135 digital branches as of December 2016, which aligns with our Digital Channels strategy.

A-
28

Similarly, we also implemented changes
in service hours for certain branches located in commercial hubs, which now open at 8 a.m. or 9 a.m. and close at 6 p.m. or 8 p.m.
This initiative was designed to adapt our services to the routines of our clients. The range of services provided at CSBs may be
the same as those provided at a full service branch, or more limited according to the size of a particular corporate client and
its needs. CSBs represent a low-cost alternative to opening full service branches. In addition, we believe CSBs provide us with
an opportunity to target new retail clients while servicing corporate clients and personnel.

ATMs are low-cost alternatives to employee-based
services and give us points of service at significantly lower costs than branches. Our clients may conduct almost all account-related
transactions through ATMs.

In addition to all our channels for serving clients
(branches, CSBs and ATMs), we also have a partnership with “TecBan" ATM network, composed with more than 19,000
ATMs, which provide clients limited services – primarily cash withdrawal services.

Since 2012, we have made differentiated
services available to certain registered clients. In addition to services available to our clients in general, these registered
clients are able to withdraw funds and check current account balances and statements just by using biometric technology. Biometrics
enables these registered clients to carry out transactions with fingerprint identification, without typing a password or using
a card, providing more security and convenience for our clients. To be able to use biometrics, clients simply register with any
Itaú Unibanco branch.

Digital channels (internet and mobile banking)

In a digital and wireless world, technology
is now part of everyday life. With over 73% of all banking transactions in 2016 already taking place in digital channels, we, as
a bank, are challenged daily with delivering an increasingly improved multi-channel and end-to-end experience to our customers.

Over 49% of all clients used a digital
channel in December 2016. Mobile is the fastest growing channel, rapidly becoming the most relevant one for individuals. With respect
to small and middle-market companies, desktop internet still remains the most used channel. In face of these challenges, we have
continuously been transforming our customers digital experience, offering convenience through services and products to our individual
and corporate clients, such as money transfers, payments, credit, investments, insurance and others.

Our focus is to provide more and more completion
of services in mobile banking (just like the services we provide for internet banking) and keep improving user experience in our
digital channels to make them even more intuitive and accessible to our customers.

Branches (1)   CSBs   ATMs
Standard channels   2016 (2)   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014
Brazil   3,780   3,910   3,967   766   824   852   25,079   25,802   27,309
Abroad   531   228   229   26   23   22   1,228   610   607
Argentina   72   72   72   15   17   17   178   178   186
Chile   223   96   99   2   -   -   502   70   70
Colombia   174   -   -   -   -   -   178   -   -
Paraguay   31   32   30   8   5   4   311   307   297
Uruguay   23   23   23   1   1   1   59   55   54
Other   8   5   5   -   -   -   -   -   -
Total in Brazil and abroad   4,311   4,138   4,196   792   847   874   26,307   26,412   27,916

(1)   Since December 31, 2014, total branches include digital
branches and business branches, which are considered points of service by the CMN Resolution No. 4,072/2012.

(2)   79.3% of our branches were located in the states of São
Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Minas Gerais in the southeast of Brazil, Paraná in the south of Brazil, and Goiás in the
center-west of Brazil.

Our business

Overview

We report the following segments: (i) Retail
Banking, (ii) Wholesale Banking, and (iii) Activities with the Market and Corporation. Through these operational segments, we provide
a broad range of banking services to a diverse client base that includes individuals and corporate clients, on an integrated basis
as follows:

The
Retail Banking
 segment offers
services to a diversified base of account holders and non-account holders, individuals and companies. The segment includes retail
clients, high-income clients (Itaú Uniclass and Personnalité) and the very small and small companies. Revenues from
Retail Banking come from the offer of banking products and services to retail and high-income clients and very small and small
companies, in addition to financial products and services offered to our non-account holder clients, including vehicle financing
and credit cards offered outside the branch network, and Itaú Consignado operations. The Retail Banking segment represents
an important funding source for our operations and generates significant financial income and banking fees.

The
Wholesale Banking
 segment is responsible for our private banking clients,
the activities of Latin America units, our middle-market banking business, and the activities of Itaú BBA, which is the
unit in charge of corporate and investment

A-
29

banking activities. Our wholesale banking management model is based on building close
relationships with our clients by obtaining an in-depth understanding of clients’ needs and offering customized solutions.
Corporate activities include providing banking services to large corporations and investment banking activities include offering
funding resources to the corporate sector, including fixed and variable income instruments.

The
Activities with the Market
and Corporation
 segment manages interest income associated with our capital surplus, subordinated debt surplus and the net
balance of tax credits and debits, as well as net interest income from the trading of financial instruments through proprietary
positions, management of currency interest rate gaps and other risk factors, arbitrage opportunities in the foreign and Brazilian
domestic markets, and mark-to-market of financial instruments. This segment also includes our interest in Porto Seguro.

We carry out a wide range of operations
outside of Brazil with units strategically located in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our international presence creates significant
synergies in foreign trade finance, in the placement of Eurobonds and in the offering of more sophisticated financial transactions
to our clients.

Please refer to section Performance,
item Financial performance, Results, and section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 34 – Segment
information, for further information about our segments.

The diversification of our business
is reflected in the changing composition of our loan portfolio over the last few years, focusing in origination on lower risk
segments with increased guarantees. We are constantly seeking to implement and focus on the offer of new products and services
that add value to our clients and diversify our sources of income, allowing for growth of our non-financial income arising mainly
from banking service fees, income from bank charges and from insurance, pension plan and capitalization operations. Some details
of our loan portfolio and services are presented as follows:

Credit cards and Commercial agreements

Itaú Unibanco is the market
leader in Brazilian credit cards. Through proprietary and partnership operations with major retailers, telephone carriers, automakers
and airline companies established in Brazil, we offer a wide range of credit and debit cards to more than 55.0 million account
holders and non-account holders (in number of accounts in December 2016).

We are focusing our efforts to continually
grow our credit cards portfolio, improve its profitability, manage our asset quality and pursue satisfaction of our clients. Accordingly,
our credit card division focuses on the development of new products, the assessment of our partnerships, and the control of the
credit quality of our portfolio and on a more efficient cost management. In 2012 we pioneered the launch of an alternative model
in Brazil that made credit cheaper for our consumers by developing Itaucard 2.0, a similar model to the one used in the U.S. and
European countries. Since its launch, we have issued more than 6.6 million cards under Itaucard 2.0.

In May 2016, we signed a partnership
with Netshoes to develop the NCARD Itaucard, which is offered 100% digitally through the partner website. The sale process for
the card was developed in partnership with Netshoes with instant customer evaluation technology and segmented product offering.
In addition to a 100% digital experience with instant evaluation of card proposals, the process allows approved customers to immediately
make their purchases on the site without having to wait for the plastic card, enabling them to take advantage of the benefits
and discounts provided to cardholders.

In July 2016, we entered into an agreement
with Multiplus, one of the largest companies in the rewards and loyalty programs, for the launch of a co-branded credit card,
with the proposal being the best option for accumulating market points. In addition to the benefits offered by Multiplus, cardholders
will also be able to use the traditional advantages of the Itaucard platform, such as payment of half the value of movie tickets,
theater, shows and discounts at partner establishments.

Itaucard has made innovations in the
way it interacts with its Facebook followers by using more informal language, even using references to classic “memes”.

The Itaucard application has transformed
the customer experience by constantly bringing new functionalities, such as the Virtual Card, that simplifies and offers more
security for online shopping. Timeline is another feature of this application, which generates a virtual card for each purchase
on the internet, in which purchases and transactions can be viewed in real time.

With regard to customer service, we
provide an application that can be used by our customers 24 hours a day. By December 2016 we had more than 5.7 million downloads
of this application.

In 2016, maintaining the indicators
of default and risk was a challenge for our credit card area in face of all the deterioration of the Brazilian economy and the
high level of unemployment in Brazil. We managed to evolve the default indicator above 90 days from 8.08% in December 2015 to
6.95% in December 2016. We adopted stricter criteria to collect from our clients impacted by the crisis. To continue to grow our
portfolio, we also focused on maintaining partnerships with our high-income customers and retailers.

A-
30

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Credit Cards   We are the leaders in terms of transaction purchase volume of cards in Brazil, with a 37.1% market share in the period from January to December 2016.   The Brazilian credit card market is highly competitive, growing on average 10.0% from January to December over the last four years, according to the Brazilian Association of Credit Card Companies and Services ( Associação Brasileira das Empresas de Cartões de Crédito e Serviços , or ABECS). Our main competitors in this business are Banco do Brasil S.A., Banco Bradesco S.A., Banco Santander Brasil S.A. and Caixa Econômica Federal.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and ABECS.

Payroll loans

A payroll loan is a loan with fixed
installments that is directly deducted from the borrower’s payroll to the bank’s account without being recorded in
the debtor’s account. Our strategy is to expand our activities in businesses with historically lower risk, achieving a leading
position in the offering, distribution and sale of payroll loans in Brazil.

To expand this business and complement
our strategy, on July 9, 2012 we entered into an association agreement with Banco BMG S.A. to offer, distribute and market payroll
loans originated by that financial institution. Banco Itaú BMG Consignado, the entity used for purposes of this joint venture,
began operations in December 2012 and is present throughout the Brazilian territory. This association was designed with the purpose
of diversifying our loan portfolio, complementing our payroll loan strategy, and improving the risk profile of our portfolio of
loans to individuals. Banco Itaú BMG Consignado also enables us to expand our business in the payroll loan sector in line
with our values and transparency principles, following best management practices and policies.

Please refer to section Our profile,
2016 highlights, item Mergers, acquisitions and partnerships, Acquisition of Itaú BMG Consignado shares for further information.

In December 2016, after obtaining
the required regulatory authorizations and meeting conditions precedent, we completed the acquisition of the total equity investment
held by Banco BMG in Banco Itaú BMG Consignado. This investment corresponds to 40% of the capital of Banco Itaú
BMG Consignado, meaning that we are now the holders of 100% of this institution’s total capital. This acquisition assured
we kept the leadership among private banks in this segment.

Also, our strategy of higher growth
in the National Social Security Institute (
Instituto Nacional do Seguro Social
, or INSS) beneficiaries sector, combined
with certain credit policies we adopted, allowed our portfolio evolution to be followed by a decrease in delinquency levels.

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Payroll Loans   In December 2016, we obtained a market share
    of 15.5% in terms of payroll loans, positioning us as the third largest bank in this segment in Brazil.   Our main competitors in this business are
    Banco do Brasil S.A., Caixa Econômica Federal, Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco
    Santander Brasil S.A.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and the Central Bank.

Vehicle financing

As of December 31, 2016, our portfolio
of vehicle financing to individuals amounted to R$15.4 billion, a 23.1 % decrease from the same period of the previous year. The
average loan to value ratio of our vehicle portfolio (the ratio of a loan to the value of an asset purchased) was 68.1% on December
31, 2016, following a downward trend since the previous year, when the loan to value ratio reached 70.8% as of December 31, 2015.
Since 2012, we have reduced our risk exposure in this sector and focused on clients with better risk profiles, which has allowed
us to improve the credit quality of our vehicle loan portfolio.

From January to December 2016, the
average term of vehicle financing was 40 months, and half of the transactions were carried out with terms of up to 36 months.

We developed a series of new products and services that
were launched in the market in 2016. Some of these products are:

Digital Platform
–

direct
channel for origination, service and formalization of payments, bringing more agility and autonomy

to the more than 10,000
participating stores and associated car dealers.

A-
31

Customer Risk based pricing
- an innovative
solution in the Brazilian market that takes into account a customer’s credit

risk profile, as well as transaction data
(term, entry and year of the vehicle) to offer lower interest rates to customers with low default risk.

Icarros
- As one of the pillars of
Itaú Unibanco’s digitization strategy for searching for, selecting and financing the acquisition

of new and used
vehicles, iCarros, which has more than 15 million page views per month, has invested in process intelligence and automation to
make customer experience even more complete and convenient. The portal uses new technology for credit simulation and pre-analysis,
including presenting risk-adjusted financing rates to the customer. Currently 15% of our vehicle financing is initiated through
this portal.

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Vehicles   In December 2016, we reached a
    market share of 10.3% in terms of loans to individuals among banks, positioning us as fourth in Brazil in this segment.   Our main bank competitors in this business are
    Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A, Banco do Brasil S.A. and
    Banco Bradesco S.A.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and the Central Bank.

Real estate financing and mortgages

Our mortgage business is dedicated to:

·   creating
                                         loyalty – the relationships established in this sector are typically long-term;

·   contributing
                                         to the social and financial development of our clients; and

·   being
                                         aligned with our strategy of investing in lower risk portfolios.

We have been leaders in mortgage loans
to individuals among Brazilian private banks from 2008 to 2016, which reflects our focus on this business aligned with our strategy
of migrating to lower risk portfolios.

We offer products through our network
of branches and brokers, as well as through our partnership with RE/MAX and our joint venture with LPS Brasil Consultoria de Imóveis
S.A. (Lopes), called “Credipronto”. These two long-term agreements provide us with exclusive real estate financing
origination at a greater number of locations throughout Brazil.

One competitive advantage we have
is the speed of our credit approval process and in the formalization of the relevant loan documentation. As of December 31, 2016
the average time between finalizing a financing and our receipt of the requisite documentation was 10 workdays, which we believe
is a significantly shorter time period than those of our competitors.

The number of mortgages we provided
directly to individuals in 2016 was 27.3 thousand, for an aggregate value of R$8.2 billion in the period, compared to R$ 10.5
billion in 2015. The average Loan to Value (LTV) ratio of the portfolio in 2016 was 41.8%, compared to 43.7% in 2015. In commercial
loans, we financed 8.1 thousand new real estate units during 2016, for an aggregate value of R$ 1.4 billion.

Since 2007, real estate and mortgage
transactions in the Brazilian market have been carried out mainly through a system of mortgage liens (
alienação
fiduciária
), pursuant to which the buyer becomes the owner of the property after all payments have been made, making
it easier for the bank (lender) to recover the property in case of default. This system resulted in lower legal and credit risks
compared to other types of guarantees.

Another positive feature of the Brazilian
market is the constant amortization system pursuant to which decreasing installments provide faster amortization of a contract,
reducing our loan-to-value indicator at a faster rate than other amortization systems.

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
Information and Main Competitors
Real Estate Financing
    and Mortgages   In the period from January to
    December, 2016 we were the leaders in new loans to individuals among Brazilian private banks, with 41.9% market
    share and, second place in terms of new loans to
    individuals, among all Brazilian banks, with 22.8% market share.   The main player in the Brazilian real estate
    market is Caixa Econômica Federal (CEF), a government owned bank. CEF is focused on real estate financing
    and, is the leader in this market. Other competitors include Banco do Brasil S.A., Banco Santander Brasil S.A.
    and Banco Bradesco S.A.

Source:
Itaú Unibanco Holding and ABECIP.

A-
32

Microcredit

Our microcredit unit offers to low-income
entrepreneurs who do not have the necessary attributes to participate in the traditional financial system the chance to expand
and develop their businesses. Itaú Microcrédito’s loan officers solicit new and existing clients, offering
loans (coupled with free loan-protection microinsurance), point of sale, or POS machines. Loan officers are also responsible for
disseminating information regarding financial concepts related to the responsible use of money.

A major benefit arising from this initiative
is that micro-entrepreneurs start to develop a relationship with the formal financial system. Our microcredit activities are split
into two levels:

§   1 st Tier Lending: includes working capital loans, or loans for upgrades and fixed assets
                                         provided to formal and informal business people engaged in small business activities.
                                         Any granting of loans requires the presence of a trained microcredit loan officer; and

§   2 nd Tier Lending: loans to micro-entrepreneurs through partner civil society organizations
                                         registered with the National Productive Microcredit Program. We are committed to promoting
                                         microfinance best practices and trading experiences with partner organizations.

Our investment in microcredit consolidates
our strategy to act as an agent of transformation in society. Microcredit is also important as it reinforces our vision of sustainability
and increases our ability to spread our knowledge in financial education. The end goal is to create a virtuous cycle in which
our bank stimulates the social and economic development of Brazil’s low-income population.

Consortia

A consortium is a self-financing system created
in Brazil with a view to fostering savings for the purchase of vehicles and other assets, such as real estate. Pursuant to consortium
agreements, participants are pooled according to the specific asset they elect to purchase (such as a vehicle of a particular
manufacturer and model), which will be paid for in installments.

Payments made by the participants of a given
consortium are used to create a “pool” of funds, which are used by one or more members of the consortium at a time
to acquire the assets elected by the participants, e.g., once a month, and such members continue to make payments as scheduled.
Generally, participants may receive the asset, (i) during the course of the consortium agreement (before all installments are
paid), if the participant pays an amount (in addition to the regularly scheduled installment due) that is higher than such an
additional amount offered by any other consortium member for that period, or (ii) during the course of the consortium agreement
(before all installments are paid), if the participant is selected by random drawing, organized by the bank, to receive the asset,
while continuing to pay for the remaining installments as scheduled.

As consortia are regarded as a provision of
services under Brazilian law, the management of consortia does not give rise to default risk or regulatory capital requirements
for us.

Since consortia do not charge interest rates, our revenues come
mainly from the administration fee charged to clients. Given these characteristics, this business is strategic to us, contributing
to revenue diversification and to a more complete product portfolio offering to our clients. As of December 2016, we reached the
following results:

·   395.5
                                         thousand in active contracts, decreasing 4.7% compared to December 2015;

·   R$10.7
                                         billion in balance of installments receivables, decreasing 8.9% compared to December
                                         2015; and

·   R$675.0
                                         million in administration fees from January to December 2016, decreasing 1.3% compared
                                         to the same period of 2015.

The following table shows the market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Serqvice   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Consortia Services Fees   In the period from January to
    December, 2016, we had a market share of 8.4% in total consortia services  fees.  Considering  only
    banks, we are the second largest provider of such services in terms of
    fees in Brazil.   Considering only banks, our main competitors
    in the Brazilian consortia  market  are Bradesco Adm. Consortia
    and BB Consortia.

Source: Central Bank.

A-
33

Merchant acquirer

Rede (formerly Redecard) is one of the two
largest multi-brand acquirers of credit, debit and benefit card transactions in Brazil. Rede’s activities include merchant
acquiring, capturing, transmission, processing and settlement of credit and debit card transactions, prepayment of receivables
to merchants (resulting from sales made with credit cards), rental of POS terminals, check verification through POS terminals,
and the capturing and transmission of transactions using coupons, and loyalty programs.

Our goal is to be the main partner for
merchants that are seeking higher business potential with a focus on IT investments, infrastructure and POS modernization.
For those partners, Rede offers a series of products that follow the market’s latest trends. Among these products we
highlight Mobile Rede, which captures the transaction using a device attached to the smartphone or tablet. It allows card
reading and input of purchase data for client’s signature, reinforcing our position in new payments solutions for
freelancers and micro entrepreneurs. Through e-Rede we intensified and improved the quality of our electronic payments
platform, offering not only the acquisition service, but also an antifraud gateway. We offer a single platform for efficient,
fast and complete solutions for online payments using a robust antifraud system.

We are continuously investing in merchant
loyalty by focusing on retail and offering a wide product portfolio and innovative merchant acquirer and banking solutions. In
September 2016, we launched Smart Rede, a new generation of smart terminals with an innovative design and an App Store that enables
merchants to choose and download solutions that assist in controlling and managing businesses. By November 2016, we made Control
Rede available to merchants, a reconciliation solution that facilitates financial control of the merchant’s receivables.

In order to make banking as simple as possible
for our clients, in 2016, we also developed Rede Pay, our digital wallet solution, which brings to our online merchants the chance
to increase their sales by accessing thousands of customers in a simple and safe way and Preço Único (One Price),
a solution that simplifies billing for the merchants by charging a single fee that includes merchant discount rate and equipment
rental (POS).

In 2016, we received R$ 387 billion in transactions
with respect to credit and debit cards, an increase of 1.1% compared to 2015. As of December 31, 2016, Rede was present in almost
all municipalities in Brazil having electric power and telecommunications networks and had 1.5 million installed POS terminals
throughout Brazil. The following table sets forth the financial volume of transactions and the amount of transactions of credit
and debit cards processed by us in 2016, 2015 and 2014:

(In billions of R$)   (In billions)
Financial Volume   Transactions
2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014
Credit cards   252   250   232   2.0   2.0   1.9
Debit cards   135   133   126   2.0   2.0   2.0
Total   387   383   358   4.0   4.0   3.9

The following table shows the market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Merchant Acquirer   In the period from January to December, 2016 we reached a market share of 34.6% in terms of total transaction volume (credit and debit) generated by the acquiring services,  positioning  us  as  the second  largest player  in  this segment in Brazil.   Our main competitors in this business are Cielo S.A.,  Getnet  Tecnologia em  Captura e Processamento de Transações H.U.A.H. S.A. (GetNet) and Banco Bankpar S.A. (American Express).

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and ABECS.

Other products and services portfolio

Insurance

Our insurance business provides a wide range
of life and personal accident products, automobile and property insurance, credit insurance and travel insurance. Our insurance
core activities, which include our 30% stake in Porto Seguro, consist of mass-market insurance products related to life, property
and credit. These products are offered in synergy with retail channels – our branch network, partnership with retailers,
credit card clients, real estate and vehicle financing, personal and payroll loans – and the wholesale channel. These products
have characteristics such as a low loss ratio, low volatility in results and less use of capital, making them strategic and increasingly
relevant in the diversification of the conglomerate’s revenues.

A-
34

Other insurance activities encompass extended
warranty, health insurance, our stake in IRB – Brasil Resseguros S.A. and other operations.

In May 2016, we were granted the “Consumidor
Moderno de Excelência em Serviços ao Cliente” (Modern Consumer – excellence in services to clients) Award,
promoted by Consumidor Moderno magazine and CIP, the Standard Intelligence Center, in the Banks and Insurance, Pension Plan and
Capitalization categories. This award is granted as a recognition by the client relationship sector in Brazil.

The following table shows the market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Insurance   Considering our 30% ownership interest in Porto Seguro S.A., we
    reached 9.9% of share in total insurance market based on earned
    premiums, from January to December, 2016, positioning us as the fourth largest insurance
    provider in Brazil. Considering only our insurance core activities, our market  share  in  these  specific
    markets reached 12.6% in the same period.   The Brazilian insurance market is highly competitive. Our main competitors in this sector, excluding health insurance providers, are affiliated with large ommercial banks, such as Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco do Brasil S. A. Although there is a great concentration of Brazilian banks, this market is still dispersed, especially with players acting in specific niches. As of December 2016 this industry consisted of approximately 154 insurance companies of various sizes, including 39 conglomerates and 47 independent companies. We believe that our alliance with Porto Seguro S.A. resulted in gains in scale and efficiency for us.

Source: SUSEP – Superintendência
de Seguros Privados. Insurance core activities include: Personal Insurance (Life, Personal Accidents, Credit Insurance, Educational,
Travel, Unemployment, Funeral Allowance, Serious Diseases, Random Events), Housing, Multiple Peril and Domestic Credit –
Individuals. Health Insurance and VGBL - Redeemable Life Insurance products are not included.

Private pension plans

We offer private pension plans to our clients
as an option for wealth and inheritance planning and income tax purposes (these products are tax-deferred). We provide our clients
with a solution to ensure the maintenance of their quality of life, as a supplement to government plans, through long-term investments.

The contributions reached R$23.4 billion from
January to December 2016, mainly due to the increase in our VGBL product, and technical provisions, which increased 20.4% from
January to December, totaling R$148.7 billion on December 31, 2016.

The following table shows the market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Pension plans   In December 2016, our balance of provisions
    represented 22.8% of the market share for pension plans, positioning us as the third largest pension provider in Brazil.   Our main competitors in private retirement
    plan  products  are  controlled  by  large
    commercial banks, such as Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco do Brasil S.A., which, like us, take advantage of their branch network
    to gain access to the retail market.

Source:
FENAPREVI (Balance of provisions - Pension Plans for Individuals and Companies).

Premium bonds (
títulos de capitalização
,
or capitalization plans)

Premium bonds are fixed deposits products
pursuant to which a client makes a one-time deposit or monthly deposits of a fixed sum that will be returned at the end of a designated
term. Ownership of premium bonds automatically qualifies a customer to participate in periodic raffles, each time with the opportunity
to win a significant cash prize. In 2016, we distributed R$58.3 million in raffle prizes for 2,361 clients.

We currently market our premium bonds portfolio
of products through our branch network, electronic channels and ATMs, and we are currently developing new technologies for channel
diversification. Revenues from capitalization plans increased 4.8% in 2016 compared to 2015.

A-
35

Focusing on corporate responsibility principles,
since August 2014 we have maintained a partnership with
Instituto Ayrton Senna
, a non-profit organization which focuses
on promoting quality of public education in Brazil. A portion of the revenues upon purchase of PIC, our bank’s premium bonds,
is provided to
Instituto Ayrton Senna
’s education projects.

The following table shows the market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Premium Bonds   In the period from January to
    December, 2016, we had a market share of 13.8% in terms of revenues from sales of premium bonds,
    positioning us as the third largest provider of such products in this
    segment in Brazil.   Our main competitors in premium bonds are controlled
    by large commercial banks, such as Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco do Brasil S.A., which, like us, take advantage of their branch
    network to gain access to the retail market. Our profitability (measured by net
    profits over revenues from sales) is the highest among our main competitors.

Source: SUSEP.

Retail Banking

We have a large and diverse portfolio of products,
such as credit and investments, and services to address our clients’ needs. Our retail banking business is segregated according
to customer profiles, which allows us to be closer and understand our customer’s needs, enabling us to better offer the
most suitable products to meet their demands.

Itaú Retail Banking (individuals)

Our core business is retail banking and through
our retail operation we offer a dedicated service structure to consumer clients throughout Brazil. Our client service structure
is targeted to offer the best solutions for each client profile. We classify our retail clients as individuals with a monthly
income up to R$4,000.

Our Itaú Uniclass services are available
at every branch for clients who earn more than R$4,000 and below R$10,000 per month. We offer exclusive services to our Itaú
Uniclass clients, including investment advisory services, exclusive cashiers, special telephone service and higher credit limits
and a large team of dedicated relationship managers.

Our retail network is focused on building long term relationships
with our clients.

The following table shows our market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
Information and Main Competitors
Retail Banking (Including Itaú Personnalité)   In December 2016, we reached a
    market share of 11.7% based on total outstanding loan balance in reais ,
    positioning us as the third largest bank in this segment in Brazil.   Itaú Unibanco Holding has a leading position
    in many sectors of the Brazilian domestic financial market.
    Based on Central Bank data and publicly available financial information, our main competitors are Caixa Econômica
    Federal,  Banco  do  Brasil  S.A.,  Banco
    Bradesco S.A. and Banco Santander Brasil S.A.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding and the Central Bank.

Itaú Personnalité (banking for high-income individuals)

We began providing customized services to
high-income individuals in 1996 with the creation of Itaú Personnalité, which currently serves individuals who earn
more than R$10,000 per month or have investments in excess of R$100,000.

Itaú Personnalité is focused
on providing (i) financial advisory services by managers who understand the specific needs of our higher-income clients, (ii)
a large portfolio of exclusive products and services and (iii) special benefits based on the type and length of relationship with
the client, including discounts on various products and services. Itaú Personnalité services its clients through
a dedicated network comprised of 275 branches, located in the main Brazilian cities. Itaú Personnalité clients also
have access to our retail banking network of branches and ATMs throughout the country, as well as through services by internet,
telephone and mobile banking. For clients who prefer remote services, Itaú Personnalité provides a “digital
bank platform” where relationship managers service clients through telephone, email, SMS and videoconference from 7 a.m.
to midnight on business days.

A-
36

Itaú Empresas (very small and small companies)

To meet the needs of our corporate customers, we offer customized
solutions and detailed advice on all products and services for:

·   microenterprises:
                                         customer base consisting of companies with annual revenues of up to R$ 1.2 million, served
                                         by 3,617 bank branches and 2,257 relationship managers on December 31, 2016; and

·   small
                                         businesses: customer base consisting of companies with annual revenues between R$ 1.2
                                         million and R$ 30 million, served by 361 offices and 1,747 relationship managers on December
                                         31, 2016.

The Brazilian Financial and Capital Markets
Association (ANBIMA) certifies all of our relationship managers, who are trained to offer the best banking solution to each client.
Our customers rely on our ability to provide products, terms and rates tailored to their needs.

Our strategy is to capture market opportunities,
meeting the needs of the companies we serve and of their owners, particularly with respect to cash flow management, credit facilities,
investments, and banking.

As it was the case in 2015, improving our
credit portfolio and reducing the volume of non-performing loans remained our goal in 2016. During this period, we improved processes,
credit policies and tools, and we intensified our collection and credit recovery efforts.

Focusing on our customers’ needs, we have
launched a brand-new mobile application, offering greater ease, speed and convenience to our customers in their day-to-day interaction
with the bank. We have expanded the acquiring services we offer to our clients though Rede, and increased the number of customers
who have purchased our “Flex” offer, which allows merchants to receive credit card sales within two business days.
We have also improved our ability to attract qualified customers with product offerings and services suitable to their needs.

Finally, we have continued our efforts to
digitalize products and services, as well as develop the tools used by our sales and relationship teams. In 2017, we expect to
capture the benefits of such investments, as measured by increased business productivity and greater proximity to our customers.

Public sector

Our public sector business operates in all
divisions of the public sector, including the federal, state and municipal governments (in the Executive, Legislative and Judicial
branches).

To service public sector clients, we use platforms
that are separate from our retail banking branches, with teams of specially trained managers who offer customized solutions in
tax collection, foreign exchange services, administration of public assets, payments to suppliers, payroll for civil and military
servants and retirement. Based on these platforms, we have a significant amount of business with public sector clients, particularly
in those Brazilian states where we acquired previously state-owned financial institutions. In December 2016, we had 5,330 public
sector clients and 12 offices in Brazil.

Wholesale Banking

Wholesale Banking is the segment responsible
for banking operations of large companies (those with annual revenues over R$300 million) and middle-market companies (those with
annual revenues from R$30 million to R$300 million) and investment banking services. It offers a wide range of products and services
to the largest economic groups of Brazil.

Our activities in this business range from
typical operations of a commercial bank to capital markets operations and advisory services for mergers and acquisitions. These
activities are fully integrated, which enables us to achieve a performance tailored to our clients’ needs.

One of the most important features of our
Wholesale Bank is the set of initiatives linked to improving efficiency in our operations. These ongoing actions, which are expected
to continue to grow in the coming years, are designed to increase revenues, improve processes and reduce costs.

Investment Banking

Our investment banking business carried out
through Itaú BBA, assists companies raising capital through fixed income and equity instruments in public and private capital
markets, and provides advisory services in mergers and acquisitions. We advise companies, private equity funds and investors in
the structuring of variable income products and in mergers and acquisitions. From research to execution, we believe we offer a
wide portfolio of investment banking services with respect to Brazilian and other Latin American companies.

In investment banking, the fixed income department
acts as bookrunner or manager in the issuance of debentures, promissory notes and securitization transactions.

A-
37

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market Position   Additional Information and Main Competitors
Investment Banking   In the period from January to December 2016, Itaú BBA ranked first in mergers and acquisitions (1) . From January to December 2016, we ranked second in origination and in distribution in debt capital markets transactions (2) .   In investment banking, Itaú BBA’s main competitors include Banco Santander, Banco de Investimentos Credit Suisse (Brasil) S.A., Banco Merrill Lynch de Investimentos S.A., Banco Morgan Stanley S.A., Banco JP Morgan S.A., Bradesco BBI and Banco BTG Pactual S.A.

Source: (1) Dealogic. (2) ANBIMA ranking in terms of
volume

Itaú Private Bank

With a full global wealth management
platform, we are the market leaders in Brazil with a market share exceeding 27% and one of the main players in Latin America.
Our multidisciplinary team, which is supported by a team of investment advisers and product experts, provide comprehensive financial
services to clients, understanding and addressing their needs from our eight offices in Brazil and in our offices located in Zurich,
Miami, New York, Santiago, Asuncion and Nassau.

Our clients have access to a complete
portfolio of products and services, ranging from investment management to wealth planning, credit and banking solutions. In addition
to our in-house customized products and services, we offer our clients access to an open architecture of alternatives from third-party
providers.

Aligned with our vision to be the
leading bank in sustainable performance and customer satisfaction, we decided to focus our strategic priorities, and we intend
to continue to do so during the next year, on the following Itaú Private Bank initiatives:

·   being
                                         the leading private bank in terms of client satisfaction;

·   adding
                                         value to client and stockholders with a complete offering and long-term proactive advisory
                                         services;

·   continuing
                                         to invest in our international platforms to enhance Brazilian clients’ experience
                                         and expand our operations in Latin America;

·   increased
                                         operational efficiency of our platform through continuous investments in our IT platforms;
                                         and

·   maintaining
                                         a focus on risk management and regulatory considerations.

We were recognized by the main publications of the global
private bank market:

Private Wealth Management/The Banker

·

Best Private Bank in Latin America (2016)

·
Best
Private Bank in Brazil (2016)

Private Banker International

·

Outstanding Private Bank - Latin America (2016)

·
Most
Effective Investment Service Offering (2016)

Euromoney

·

Best Private Banking Services Overall in Brazil (2016)

Global Finance

·

Best Private Bank in Emerging Markets for 2017

·

Best Private Bank in Brazil for 2017

Itaú Asset Management

Itaú Asset Management is
responsible for managing client’s assets. With almost 60 years of experience in managing resources and 270 professionals,
it has positioned itself as a leading asset manager in Brazil, and one of the leading institutions of its kind in Latin America,
with assets under management of over R$527.0 billion, in December 2016 according to ANBIMA.

Furthermore, Itaú Asset
Management has one of the biggest research teams in Latin America, which is composed of professionals focused on specific industries
and investment strategies. The consistent investment in market research allows us to analyze investment opportunities in detail,
under multiple perspectives. We offer a range of customized products and solutions, tailored to the uniqueness of each client
segment, considering different investment objectives and risk profiles. We have a committed risk management team that is responsible
for the support of the operation.

In July 2016, Itaú Asset Management received
from Valor Investe the “Top Gestão 2016” award prepared by Standard & Poor´s as the best manager
of hedge funds with three 5 star funds. In December 2016, Itaú Asset Management was elected

A-
38

for the eighth time, being
the fourth consecutive time the Best Manager of Funds by Exame magazine, and was the winner in eight out of nine categories of
the award.

Kinea, an alternative investments management company
of Itaú Unibanco, held R$11.5 billion in managed assets at the end of 2016.

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Asset Management   In December 2016,
    we had a market share of 15.1% in terms of assets under management, positioning us as the third asset management in
    Brazil.   According to ANBIMA, the asset management industry in Brazil held assets totaling R$ 3,480 billion as of December 2016, with ompetition concentrated among large and well-established retail banks. Our main competitors are Banco do Brasil S.A. and Banco Bradesco S.A.

Source: ANBIMA.

Securities Services

Itaú Securities Services business units provide:

(i) local custody and fiduciary
services;

(ii) international custody
services; and

(iii) corporate solutions
that act as transfer agent and stockholder servicer for Brazilian companies issuing equity, debentures, promissory and bank credit
notes. We also work as guarantor in transactions for project finance, escrow accounts and loan and financing contracts.

Our focus is to be a full service provider with specialized
professionals and with technology as a foundation.

Pension funds, insurance companies,
asset managers, international institutional investors and equity and debt issuers are our primary clients in these businesses,
representing approximately 3,317 clients in 22 countries that reached R$2.6 trillion of assets under service as of December 31,
2016, which includes investment funds, underwriting, pension funds, trustee and brokerage services.

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
Information and Main Competitors
Local Custody   In December 2016, we had a market share of 27.3%
    based on total assets under local custody, positioning us as  the second  largest Local
    Custodian.   According to ANBIMA, the local custdy in Brazil held assets totaling R$4,035 billion as of December 2016. Our main competitors are Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco do Brasil S.A.
International Custody   Our market share in December 2016 was 14.1%
    in terms of total assets under international custody, positioning us as the third largest International Custodian.   Based on ANBIMA, the international custody srvice in Brazil totaled R$1,235 billion of assets as of December 2016. Our main competitors are Banco Citibank S.A., JP Morgan’s Securities Services and Banco Bradesco S.A.
Corporate Solutions   In December 2016, we had a leading position as agent and registrar provider to 217 companies listed on BM&FBovespa, which represents 62.2% of companies listed on that exchange. Moreover,
 we  were  leader  as transfer agent with 416 debentures offerings in the Brazilian market, representing 46.7%
of the debentures market in Brazil.   Our
        main competitors in the equities market are Banco Bradesco S.A. and Banco do Brasil S.A. Our
        main competitor in debentures is Banco Bradesco S.A.

Source: Itaú Unibanco Holding, ANBIMA and BM&FBovespa.

A-
39

Itaú Corretora (Brokerage)

Itaú Corretora has been providing brokerage
services in BM&FBovespa since 1965. We provide retail brokerage services in Brazil to over 130 thousand clients with positions
in the equity and fixed income markets, accounting for approximately R$40 billion in trading volume in 2016. The brokerage services
are also provided to international clients through our broker-dealer in New York.

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
Information and Main Competitors
Retail Brokerage Services (1)   Ranked fourth in Retail Brokerage Services  by trading volume  in
    December 2016.   Main competitors: XP Investimentos, Ágora
    Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., Rico Corretora de Títulos e Valores
    Mobiliários S.A. and BB Gestão de Recursos Distribuidora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários
Cash Equities (1)   Ranked sixth in Cash Equities by trading  volume  in  the  period
    between January and December 2016.   Main competitors:
    UBS Brasil Corretora, XP Investimentos, Morgan Stanley Corretora de     Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.,
    Credit Suisse Hedging-Griffo Corretora de Valores S.A. and Merrill Lynch S.A. Corretora de Títulos e Valores
    Mobiliários.
Futures and Derivatives (1)   Ranked sixth in Derivatives and
    Futures  by  number  of  traded contracts in the period between
    January and December 2016.   Main competitors: UBS Brasil Corretora, BTG
    Pactual  Corretora  de  Títulos e  Valores
    Mobiliários S.A., ICAP do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários Ltda. and Tullett Prebon Brasil S.A. Corretora de Valores e
    Câmbio,  BGC  Liquidez Distribuidora  de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários
    Ltda.
Research (2)   Ranked first Research House in
    Latin America.   Main competitors (local and global players):
    J.P. Morgan Corretora de Câmbio e Valores Mobiliários S.A., BTG Pactual Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., Credit
    Suisse Hedging-Griffo Corretora de Valores S.A. and Bank of America Merrill Lynch S.A. Corretora de Títulos e Valores
    Mobiliários.

Source: (1) CBLCnet, (2) Institutional Investor magazine.

A-
40

Our International Business

Itaú Unibanco Holding’s Global Footprint

Latin America

Latin America is a priority in our international
expansion strategy due to the geographic and cultural proximity to Brazil. Our purpose is to be recognized as the “Latin
American Bank”, becoming a reference in the region for all financial services provided to individuals and companies.

Over the past years, we consolidated our presence
in Argentina, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay, with a principal focus on commercial banking and, with the recent merger between Banco
Itaú Chile and CorpBanca, which strengthened our presence in Colombia and Panama, we further expanded even more our operations
in the region. In Peru, we operate in the corporate segment through a representative office.

As of December 31, 2016 we had a network of
549 branches and client service branches (CSBs) in Latin America (excluding-Brazil). In Paraguay, we had 50 non-bank correspondent
locations, which are points of service with a simplified structure, strategically located in supermarkets to provide services
to our clients in that country. As of December 31, 2016, we also had 35 points of service through OCA S.A., our credit card operator
in Uruguay. Please refer to section Our profile, item Distribution channels, for further details about our distribution network
in Latin America.

Banco Itaú Argentina

We have operated since 1979 in Argentina,
where we began with a focus on large companies with business ties to Brazil. In 1994, we initiated our retail operations in Buenos
Aires. In 1998, we increased our presence through the acquisition of Buen Ayre Bank, subsequently renamed Banco Itaú Argentina.

A-
41

Through Banco Itaú Argentina we offer
products and services in corporate banking, small and middle-market companies and retail banking. Our corporate banking business
focuses on large and institutional clients, providing lending, structured finance, investment and cash management services. Our
small and middle-market operations provide credit for working capital and investments in production capacity increases. Our retail
banking business focuses on middle and upper-income clients, and our services offerings include current and savings accounts,
personal loans and credit cards.

The table below shows our market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
Information and Main Competitors
Total Loan Portfolio (includes privately-owned
    banks only)   In December 2016, we had a market share of 2.2% in terms of total
    outstanding loan balance in Argentine pesos, positioning us as the thirteenth largest private bank in Argentina.   Our main competitors are Banco Santander
    Río S.A., Banco de Galicia y Buenos Aires S.A., BBVA Banco Frances S.A. and Banco Macro S.A.

Source: Central Bank of Argentina.

Itaú CorpBanca

In 2015, the last pending
regulatory approval required for the merger of Itaú Chile with and into CorpBanca was granted by the Superintendency of
Banks and Financial Institutions, or SBIF (Superintendencia de Bancos e Instituciones Financieras), in Chile. This completed the
set of regulatory approvals we required to consummate the merger in Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Panama.

The merger was consummated
on April 1, 2016 and, we acquired control of the resulting bank (Itaú CorpBanca). Since the second quarter of 2016, Itaú
CorpBanca’s financial results are consolidated with our results. We expect the technological and operational integration
of the banks to be completed at the end of 2017 and synergies to become more evident in 2018.

In October 2016, we acquired
from Corp Group 10.9 billion additional shares of Itaú CorpBanca for approximately R$288.1 million, pursuant to the terms
of the shareholders’ agreement we entered into on the merger date. As a result, our interest in Itaú CorpBanca increased
from 33.58% to 35.71%, without changing the governance of Itaú CorpBanca.

In January 2017, the agreement
which sets out the terms and conditions of the merger was amended to reflect, among other things, changes to the terms of the
transaction relating to operations in Colombia. Please refer to section Our profile, item 2016 highlights, Mergers, acquisitions
and partnerships, Itaú CorpBanca.

This operation represents
an important step in our strategy to expand our presence in Latin America, diversifying our operations in the region. We now rank
fourth, from a previous seventh place, among the largest private banks in Chile in terms of loans and we have entered the financial
retail market in Colombia through Banco CorpBanca Colombia S.A., the fifth largest bank in terms of loans, which will also operate
under the Itaú brand. We now also operate in Panama.

The following table shows the market position and information about
competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Total Loan Portfolio (includes privately-owned
    banks only)   In December 2016, our market share was  13.1%  based  on  total
    outstanding loan balance in Chilean pesos , positioning us as the fourth largest private
    bank in Chile.   Our main competitors are Banco Santander-Chile
    S.A., Banco de Chile S.A., Banco de Crédito e Inversiones S.A. and Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Chile S.A.

Source: Superintendency of Banks and Financial Institutions.

Banco Itaú Paraguay

Our operations in Paraguay began in 1978
and comprise retail and wholesale banking, through Interbanco, which was acquired in 1995 by Unibanco. In 2010, the
Itaú brand was introduced and our bank’s name was changed to Banco Itaú Paraguay. Banco Itaú
Paraguay distributes products and services to small and middle market companies, agribusiness, large companies, institutional
clients and consumer clients. Banco Itaú Paraguay’s main sources of income are consumer banking products,
primarily credit cards. The retail segment also focuses on payroll clients. Under corporate banking, Banco Itaú
Paraguay has a well-established presence in the agribusiness sector. We hold the leading position among banks in Paraguay in
terms of results and deposits (data provided by the Central Bank of Paraguay, December 2016).

Banco Itaú Paraguay was the regional
winner in the World’s Best Emerging Markets Banks in the Latin America 2016 category, according to Global Finance magazine.
It also won in the “Best Bank in Paraguay” category of the Euromoney Awards for Excellence 2016.

A-
42

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Total Loan Portfolio (includes privately-owned
    banks only)   In December 2016, we had a market share of 14.8% in terms of total
    outstanding loan balance in guaranis, positioning us as the third largest private bank in Paraguay.   Our  main  competitors  are  Banco  Continental
    S.A.E.C.A., Banco Regional S.A.E.C.A. and Banco Bilbao Viscaya Argentaria Paraguay S.A.

Source: Central Bank of Paraguay.

Banco Itaú Uruguay

Our banking operations in Uruguay
include Banco Itaú Uruguay, OCA (the largest credit card issuer in Uruguay, in accordance with data from Uruguay’s
Central Bank) and the pension fund management company Unión Capital. Our strategy in Uruguay is to serve a broad range
of clients through customized banking solutions.

Our retail banking business is
focused on individuals and small business clients. Retail products and services focus on the middle and upper-income segments,
and also include current and savings accounts, payroll payment, self-service areas and ATMs in all branches, and phone and internet
banking. The wholesale banking division is focused on multinational companies, financial institutions, large and middle market
companies and the public sector, providing lending, cash management, treasury, trade and investment services.

The following table shows the market position and information
about competitors for the business listed below:

Product/Service   Market
    Position   Additional
    Information and Main Competitors
Total Loan Portfolio (includes privately-owned
    banks only)   In December 2016, we had a market share of 20.5% based on total
    outstanding loan balance in Uruguayan pesos, positioning us as the third largest private bank in
    Uruguay.   Our main competitors are Banco Santander S.A,
    Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria  Uruguay  S.A.  and
    Scotiabank Uruguay S.A.

Source: Central Bank of Uruguay.

Peru

In Peru, we have a representative
office and we are considering to increase our activities in the corporate and investment banking segments.

Mexico

As part of a restructuring process
of our activities in Latin America, the sale of our broker business in Mexico was approved by the local regulatory agency and
completed on October 01, 2016. We will continue our presence in Mexico with an office dedicated to equity research with respect
to Mexican issuers.

Itau BBA International

Our banking activities carried
out under the corporate structure of Itau BBA International are mainly focused on two business lines:

• Corporate and
Investment Banking: headquartered in the United Kingdom, but with business platforms in several cities in Europe, we meet the
financial needs of companies with international presence and operations, focusing on transactions related to financing and investment
relationships between companies in Latin America and Europe. The services offered include the origination of structured financing,
hedging, trade financing and advisory to both European companies investing in Latin America and Latin American companies investing
overseas.

• Private Banking:
under the corporate structure of Itau BBA International, we manage private banking activities in Miami and Switzerland, offering
specialized financial products and services to high net worth Latin American clients.

Other international operations

To support our clients in cross-border
financial transactions and services, our international units are active in providing our clients with a variety of financial products,
such as trade financing, loans from multilateral credit agencies, offshore loans, international cash management services, foreign
exchange, letters of credit, guarantees required in international bidding processes, derivatives for hedging

A-
43

or proprietary trading purposes, structured transactions
and international capital markets offerings. These services are offered mainly through our branches in the Bahamas, New York and
the Cayman Islands, as well as through our other international operations.

We manage proprietary portfolios and raise
funds through the issuance of securities in the international market. Fund raising through the issuance of securities, certificates
of deposit, commercial paper and trade notes can be conducted by our branches located in the Cayman Islands, the Bahamas and New
York, as well as through Itaú Bank Ltd., a banking subsidiary incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our proprietary portfolios
are mainly held by Itaú Bank and our Nassau and Cayman Islands branches. These offices also enhance our ability to manage
our international liquidity.

Through our international operations, we establish
and monitor trade-related lines of credit from foreign banks, maintain correspondent banking relationships with money centers
and regional banks throughout the world and oversee our other foreign currency-raising activities.

Additionally, Itaú BBA participates
in the international capital markets as a dealer, as it has equity and fixed income sales and trading teams in São Paulo,
New York, Santiago, London and Hong Kong. We provide extensive research coverage of over 207 listed companies in Brazil, Mexico,
Chile, Colombia, Peru, Panama and Argentina. Our international fixed income and equity teams both act in offerings and trading
of Brazilian and Latin American securities to institutional investors.

Competitive strengths

We believe the following strengths provide
us with significant competitive advantages and distinguish us from our competitors.

Premier banking brand in Brazil

We believe that our brands are very strong
and very well recognized in Brazil and that they have been associated with quality, reliability, and with our large portfolio
of products, which help us maintain a low client turnover rate, especially among clients in the high-income segment. In 2016,
we reinforced our positioning as a digital bank combining innovative technology with our vision of making people’s daily
lives easier through increasingly simpler financial transactions. Also in 2016, our brand was elected by consulting firm Interbrand
as “the most valuable brand” in Brazil for the 13th consecutive time. Please refer to section Our profile, item Brand
for further information.

Large branch network in geographic areas with high economic
activities

Our Brazilian branch network, while national
in scope, is strategically concentrated in the southeast region of Brazil, which is the most developed and industrialized region
in Brazil. Our branch network in other Latin American countries (Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Paraguay, Panama, Peru and Uruguay)
is also positioned in regions with high levels of economic activity. Having our branch network in key economic areas gives us
a strong presence and a competitive advantage to offer our services to a broad range of clients and benefit from selective market
opportunities. Our exclusive ATM network allows us to offer a wide range of products and services to our clients, which we see
as one of our competitive strengths.

Additionally, we have refurbished branches,
especially in shopping malls. These branches have a new visual identity and service proposition, offering a new concept of client
service and a differentiated layout inspired by the design of a retail store. Shopping mall branches have extended hours, which
offers added convenience for our clients. We have an extensive network, including branches, client site branches and ATMs in Brazil
and abroad. Please refer to section Our profile, item Distribution channels for further information.

Diversified line of products and services

We are a multi-service bank offering a diverse
line of products and services designed to address the needs of various types of clients, including corporate clients, very small
and small companies, retail clients, high-income individuals, private bank clients, non-accountholders and credit card users.
We believe that this business model creates opportunities to improve our relationship with clients and thereby increases our market
share and our fee-based income. We expect to maintain our leading presence by capturing a solid and increasing number of transactions
across various business segments.

Technology and electronic distribution channels as drivers for
sales

Our intensive use of technology and electronic
distribution channels, which has contributed significantly to an increase in sales of products and services, is one of our most
important competitive advantages. We invest in technology because we believe that it is how we will be able to improve the environment
for our employees and clients. We focus our efforts on the development of platforms and services that use the best technology,
with the purpose of streamlining and making easier the lives of everybody who relate with the bank, with a focus on mobility and
convenience.

Our technology supports certain remote banking
capabilities (such as call centers, mobile applications and internet banking) and offers clients the ability to buy services,
verify statements and perform transactions online or over the telephone. In addition, our sales teams can access client credit
scores with ease and credit proposals can be sent over the internet by any broker registered with our systems.

A-
44

Through our digital branches we expanded our
client relationship model offering personalized customer services from 7 a.m. to midnight, from Monday through Friday allowing
our clients to manage their accounts remotely, simplifying their lives and making us more efficient. In December 2016, we had
135 digital branches, compared to 94 in 2015, an increase that is a result of good acceptance from our users. We are also investing
in other digital means of communication such as Itaú Pagcontas, Itaú Tokpag, Itaucard and Itaú Empresas applications.
In 2016, we developed Itaú Abreconta, an app which offers to clients the possibility to open new bank accounts from their
mobile phones. Additionally, in 2015, we concluded our new data center built in the State of São Paulo, which is one of
the largest in Latin America, had its construction concluded as planned and the configurations of the environmental infrastructure
were successfully established. The new data center will support our growth up to 2050, ensuring high performance and availability
of our operations.

Please refer to section Our profile, item
Distribution channels, for further information about Personnalité Digital and other digital channels.

Technological entrepreneurship

By improving and simplifying our client’s
experience, applying technology to new business models and working with agility, startups have been challenging traditional industries
to review their way of working. Technology companies have also started to offer financial services, impacting the banking sector.
To reinvent itself and lead this transformation, Itaú created Cubo in partnership with Redpoint to connect itself with
the technological entrepreneurship universe and, consequently, find opportunities to generate competitive advantage and evolve
as a digital bank.

Cubo is a non-profit organization that promotes
transformation to technological entrepreneurship through a variety of initiatives. In addition to offering a co-working space
for digital startups, the resident startups can count on the support mentors who are specialized in a wide range of topics and
on a platform of events that includes workshops, speeches, among others, aimed at entrepreneurs and others.

By the end of 2016, Cubo had 54 resident startups
that have already generated more than 650 jobs. Every day, Cubo receives investors, students, entrepreneurs and executives from
big companies that come to learn about the ecosystem. Between 2015 and 2016, the startups under Cubo have received around R$ 104
million in investments from companies that believe in their business models. Employees of Itaú have already taken part
in activities such as workshops, corporate events and lectures at Cubo, including employees from the international units.

Risk-based pricing model as a tool to manage risk while exploring
opportunities

Our risk-based pricing model, as applied to
our products, is an important competitive advantage as it gives us a more precise dimension of risk-return in various scenarios.
This is an essential tool to explore commercial opportunities and simultaneously manage risk. Depending on the product, each contract
is individually priced using risk adjusted return on capital models that give us a better assessment of the relevant market.

Competition

The last several years have been characterized
by increased competition and consolidation in the financial services industry in Brazil. As of December 31, 2016, there were 138
conglomerates, commercial banks and multiple-service banks, development banks and Caixa Econômica Federal, among a total
of 1,454 institutions in Brazil.

We, together with Banco Bradesco S.A. and
Banco Santander Brasil S.A., are the leaders in the privately-owned multiple-services banking sector. As of December 31, 2016,
these banks accounted for 37.8% of the Brazilian banking sector’s total assets. We also face competition from state-owned
banks. As of December 31, 2016, Banco do Brasil S.A., Caixa Econômica Federal, and Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico
e Social (BNDES) accounted for 43.2% of the banking system’s total assets.

The following table sets out the total assets
of the 10 main banks in Brazil, classified according to their interest in the total assets of the Brazilian banking sector:

A-
45

Position   Banks by total assets (1)   Control Type   As of December 31,
2016   % of Total
(In billions of R$)   (%)
1 st   Banco do
    Brasil S.A. (2)   state-owned   1,436.8   17.4
2 nd   Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.   privately-owned   1,331.8   16.2
3 rd   Caixa Econômica Federal   state-owned   1,256.2   15.2
4 th   Banco Bradesco S.A. (3)   privately-owned   1,081.4   13.1
5 th   Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social (BNDES)   state-owned   867.6   10.5
6 th   Banco Santander Brasil S.A.   privately-owned   705.1   8.6
7 th   Banco Safra S.A.   privately-owned   148.4   1.8
8 th   Banco BTG Pactual S.A.   privately-owned   132.0   1.6
9 th   Banco Citibank S.A.   privately-owned   72.0   0.9
10 th   Banco do Estado do Rio Grande do Sul S.A. (Banrisul)   state-owned   68.2   0.8
n.a.   Others   n.a.   1,139.9   13.8
Total   8,239.4   100.0

(1) Based on banking services, except insurance and pension
funds.

(2) Includes the consolidation of 50.0% do Banco Votorantim S.A.
based on Banco do Brasil’s shareholding stake and excludes these 50.0% of National Financial System.

(3) Includes the consolidation of HSBC Bank Brasil S.A.

Source: Central Bank (IF.data).

Our shares

SYMBOL   CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
STOCK EXCHANGE   Common Share   Preferred Share   LEVEL
Securities, Commodities and Futures Exchange (BM&FBOVESPA)   ITUB3   ITUB4   Level 1
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)   -   ITUB (1)   Level 2

(1) American Depositary Shares, or ADSs.

Common shares entitle the holder
to one vote at our general stockholders’ meetings. The voting rights of our controlling stockholders do not differ from
the voting rights of other holders of common shares.

Preferred shares are nonvoting but entitle the holder
to:

• priority to receive
mandatory dividends, in the amount of R$0.022 per share, non-cumulative with minimum dividend; and

• tag-along rights
in the event of sale of a controlling stake, assuring a price equal to 80% of the amount paid for the controlling stockholders’
common shares.

Brazilian Corporate Law provides
that preferred stockholders may vote when the company does not pay fixed or minimum dividends to which they are entitled for the
period established in the company’s Bylaws, which may never exceed three consecutive fiscal years. The preferred stockholders
maintain such right until the payment is made if these dividends are noncumulative or until cumulative dividends are paid.

The creation of a new class of
shares with priority over preferred shares, as well as any change in preference or in rights associated with preferred shares,
must be approved by at least 50% of common shares and also approved by stockholders representing the majority of preferred shares
in a special general meeting. Please refer to section Our governance, item Management structure, Annual General Stockholders’
Meeting, for further information about the procedures for calling general and special stockholders meetings.

The following table sets forth the high and low market
closing prices for the preferred shares for the periods indicated:

A-
46

Per Preferred Share (ITUB4) (1)   Per ADS (ITUB) (1)
Preferred share price   High   Low   High   Low
(In R$)   (In R$)   (In US$)   (In US$)
2017   41.68   33.53   13.52   10.70
January   38.25   33.53   12.15   10.70
February   41.68   37.51   13.52   11.96
March   40.26   37.77   12.88   12.07
April (through April 18, 2017)   38.78   37.12   12.49   11.78
2016   38.40   20.97   11.98   4.99
First quarter   30.18   20.97   8.31   4.99
Second quarter   30.65   25.44   8.76   7.28
Third quarter   33.71   27.88   10.51   8.38
Fourth quarter   38.40   31.01   11.98   9.12
2015   32.34   23.46   11.18   5.75
First quarter   30.49   27.07   11.18   8.59
Second quarter   32.34   27.11   10.98   8.64
Third quarter   28.95   23.46   9.26   5.75
Fourth quarter   27.05   23.64   7.38   5.90
2014   34.08   21.98   15.14   8.98
2013   26.00   20.14   13.00   8.78
2012   26.36   18.48   14.86   8.94

Source: Economatica System.

(1) Historical prices are adjusted by corporate actions, such as
10% share bonus of Itaú Unibanco.

The following graph shows the evolution of
R$100 invested from December 29, 2006 to December 28, 2016, comparing our preferred share (ITUB4) price, with and without reinvestment
of dividends, to the performance of Ibovespa and CDI.

Information for the Investor

Adoption of Cumulative Voting

Under Brazilian Corporate Law and CVM’s
regulation, stockholders that represent at least 5% of share capital with voting rights may demand a cumulative voting process
up to 48 hours before a general stockholders’ meeting. Each share will be entitled to as many votes as the members of the
board being elected, and the stockholder has the right to concentrate votes in one candidate or distribute them among several
candidates. The presiding officer must inform the stockholders in advance about the number of votes required for the election
of each member of the Board of Directors.

A-
47

Whenever the election of the Board of Directors
is held under the cumulative vote process and the common or preferred stockholders exercise their right of electing one director,
the controlling stockholder will have the right to elect directors in the same number as those elected by the other stockholders
plus one, regardless of the number of directors that, according to our Bylaws, compose the board.

Additionally, as our Bylaws do not provide
for staggered terms, our directors may be reelected consecutively without interruption. Whenever the election has been conducted
through a cumulative voting process, the removal from office of any of our directors by our stockholders, at a stockholders’
meeting will result in the removal from office of all of the remaining directors and a new election shall be arranged. In order
not to affect the management of the company as a result of the removal of directors, Brazilian Corporate Law provides that despite
the removal, the same directors may continue to exercise their functions until the newly elected board members take office.

Preemptive right, capital increase and payment for subscribed
shares

Each stockholder has the preemptive right
to subscribe for shares in any capital increase, in proportion to his equity interest, except in specific cases, in compliance
with Brazilian Corporate Law.

Our Bylaws authorize the Board of Directors
to increase our share capital up to a limit of 8,784,600,000 shares, of which 4,392,300,000 must be common shares and 4,392,300,000
must be preferred shares (
authorized capital
). Up to the limit of our authorized capital, the issuance of our shares may
be made without considering our stockholders preemptive rights if (i) made for the sale on a stock exchange; (ii) by a public
subscription; and (iii) exchange for our shares in a public offering for the acquisition of our control. Regardless of this provision,
all increases in our share capital must be ratified by our stockholders and approved by the Central Bank.

After the approval of the capital increase
by the Central Bank, a stockholder must pay the value corresponding to the subscribed shares under the terms established in the
subscription documentation related to that capital increase. A stockholder that fails to make payment under the terms of the subscription
documentation will be deemed to be in default, in accordance with Brazilian Corporate Law.

Brazilian legislation does not provide for
liability in capital calls, therefore the ownership interest of our stockholders may be diluted if they decide not to exercise
their preemptive rights to subscribe shares in cases of capital increase.

Form and Transfer

Our shares are book-entry and Itaú
Corretora de Valores S.A. is our bookkeeping service provider. Therefore, the shares issued by us are to be kept in deposit accounts,
under the investor’s name.

As an alternative, the investor may also deposit
shares in the BM&FBovespa via a custodian institution authorized by the CVM. In such case, the BM&FBovespa, as central
depositary, holds the shares under its name but controls the ownership of the securities through a structure of deposit accounts
kept under the investors’ name. There is no distinction in the rights and obligations of stockholders, regardless of whether
their shares are deposited with a broker-dealer or with BM&FBovespa.

Redemption and withdrawal rights

Our common shares and our preferred shares
are not redeemable, except upon delisting. Pursuant to Brazilian Corporate Law, however, the approval of certain matters entitles
a dissenting stockholder to withdraw from the company, such right expiring thirty days after publication of the minutes of the
applicable stockholders’ meeting. This withdrawal may occur under certain conditions upon reimbursement of the value of
such holder’s shares, calculated based on criteria set forth under Brazilian Corporate Law. Also, in accordance with Brazilian
Corporate Law, we are entitled to reconsider any resolution that gives rise to a withdrawal within ten days following the expiration
of the withdrawal period, if such exercise of withdrawal rights jeopardizes our financial stability.

Withdrawal rights are
not available to stockholders whose shares have liquidity and are actively traded in the stock market in cases of merger or takeover
or in case the company elects to take part in a group of companies.

Common and preferred
shares should be reimbursed upon cancellation of their registration at their value, calculated based on the criteria set forth
under Brazilian Corporate Law. If the resolution that gave rise to withdrawal rights was approved more than 60 days after the
date when the last balance sheet was approved, the stockholder may demand that his shares be redeemed at a value based on a new
balance sheet, dated up to 60 days after the date of the general meeting.

In the United States Our preferred shares have been traded
        on the NYSE in the form of ADSs (one ADS represents one preferred share) since February 21, 2002, in compliance with NYSE
        and SEC requirements. These requirements include disclosure of financial statements in IFRS since 2011 and compliance
        with U.S. legal requirements, including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Our ADSs are issued by The Bank of New York
Mellon, as depositary, under a Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2001, as amended and restated as of February 20, 2002 and
as of March 30, 2009, effective as of April 3, 2009, among us, the depositary and

A-
48

the owners and beneficial owners of ADSs from
time to time. The depositary’s principal executive office is located at 225 Liberty Street, New York, New York 10281.

ADS holders have no stockholder
rights, which are governed by Brazilian Corporate Law. The depositary is the holder of the preferred shares underlying the ADSs.
Holders of ADSs have ADS holder rights.

An investor may hold the ADSs directly,
registered under his or her name, or indirectly, through a broker or another financial institution. The holders of our ADSs do
not have the same rights as our stockholders and the depositary and holders of corresponding shares in Brazil. The deposit agreement
determines the rights and obligations of the ADS holders and is governed by New York law.

In the event of a capital increase
that maintains or increases the proportion of our capital represented by preferred shares, the holders of ADSs, except as described
above, have preemptive rights to subscribe only to newly issued preferred shares. In the event of a capital increase that reduces
the proportion of capital represented by preferred shares, the holders of ADSs, except as described above, have preemptive rights
to preferred shares in proportion to their interests and to common shares only to the extent necessary to prevent dilution of
their interests.

Please refer to section Attachments, item Considerations
for ADS holders for further information.

Fees and expenses

The following table summarizes the fees and expenses
payable by holders of ADSs to the depositary:

Event   Fees
Issuance (1) or cancellation
    for the purpose of withdrawal (2) of ADSs   US$5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof)
    plus any additional fees charged by any governmental authorities or other institutions for the execution and delivery or surrender
    of ADSs.
Any cash distribution   US$0.02 (or less) per ADS (or portion thereof).
Depositary services   US$0.02 (or less) per ADS (or portion
    thereof) per calendar year (in addition to cash distribution fee of US$0.02 per ADS during the year).

(1)
Including
issuances resulting from a distribution of preferred shares or rights or other property, substitution of underlying shares and
transferring, splitting or grouping of receipts.

(2)
Including if the deposit agreement terminates.

In addition, set below are other fees and expenses payable
by holders of ADSs:

·   registration
                                         fees: registration of transfers of preferred shares on our preferred share register to
                                         or from the name of the depositary or its agent when the holder deposit or withdraws
                                         preferred shares.

·   distribution
                                         of securities by the depositary to ADS holders fee: equivalent to the fee that would
                                         be payable if securities distributed to the holder thereof had been preferred shares
                                         and the shares had been deposited for issuance of ADSs.

·   foreign
                                         currency conversion expenses: expenses of the depositary in converting foreign currency
                                         to U.S. dollars.

·   depositary
                                         expenses: cable, telex and facsimile transmissions (when expressly provided in the Deposit
                                         Agreement).

Moreover,
taxes and other governmental charges which the depositary or the custodian has to pay on any ADR or preferred share underlying
an ADS (for example, stock transfer taxes, stamp duty or withholding taxes) would be payable by holders of ADSs. Any other charges
incurred by the depositary or its agents for servicing the deposited securities are not currently assessed in the Brazilian market.

Payment of taxes

The depositary may deduct the amount
of any taxes owed from any payments to investors. It may also sell deposited securities, by public or private sale, to pay any
taxes owed. Investors will remain liable if the proceeds of the sale are not sufficient to pay the taxes. If the depositary sells
deposited securities, it will, if appropriate, reduce the number of ADSs to reflect the sale and pay to investors any proceeds
or send to investors any property remaining after it has paid the taxes.

Reimbursement of fees

The Bank of New York Mellon, as
depositary, has agreed to reimburse us for expenses we incur that are related to establishment and maintenance of the ADS program.
The depositary has agreed to reimburse us for our continuing annual stock exchange listing fees. The depositary has also agreed
to pay the standard out-of-pocket maintenance costs for the ADSs, which consist of the expenses of postage and envelopes for mailing
annual and interim financial reports, printing and

A-
49

distributing dividend checks, electronic filing of United States federal tax
information, mailing required tax forms, stationery, facsimile, and telephone calls, as well as to reimburse us annually for certain
investor relationship programs or special investor relations promotional activities. In certain instances, the depositary has
agreed to provide additional payments to us based on applicable performance indicators relating to the ADS facility. There are
limits on the amount of expenses for which the depositary will reimburse us, but the amount of reimbursement available to us is
not necessarily tied to the amount of fees the depositary collects from investors.

The depositary collects its fees for delivery
and surrender of ADSs directly from investors, depositing shares or surrendering ADSs in case of exercise of withdrawal rights
or from intermediaries acting for them. The depositary collects fees for making distributions to investors by deducting those
fees from the amounts distributed or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. The depositary may collect
its annual fee for depositary services by deducting from cash distributions, by directly billing investors or by charging the
book-entry system accounts of participants acting for them. The depositary may generally refuse to provide services subject to
fees until its fees for those services have been paid.

In 2016, we received from the depositary US$21.9
million for promoting and encouraging the ADR program in the market, out-of-pocket maintenance costs for the ADSs (as described
above), any applicable performance indicators relating to the ADS facility, underwriting fees and legal fees.

In Argentina

Until December 2016, we issued Argentine Certificates
of Deposits (CEDEARs) on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange (BCBA), which represent shares of foreign companies traded in Argentina.
In 2017, we requested the Comisión Nacional de Valores (CNV) the suspention of the trading of our deposits certificates
and cancellation of our CEDEARs program. On March 10, 2017 we obtained such authorization from the regulator.

Stockholders’ payment

Our Bylaws establish the distribution to stockholders
of mandatory dividends equivalent to 25% of our net income calculated for each fiscal year, adjusted by the decrease or increase
of amounts related to legal reserve, to reserve for contingencies and to its reversal related to prior years.

The mandatory dividend may be paid as dividends
or interest on capital. The main difference between these forms of payment is tax-related. The payment of dividends is tax-free
for stockholders.

The payment of interest on capital is subject
to withholding income tax at a 15% rate, or 25% if the stockholder is a resident of or domiciled in a tax haven jurisdiction or
a privileged tax regime.

The amount paid to stockholders as interest
on capital, net of any withholding tax, may be included as part of the mandatory dividend. In such cases, we are required to distribute
to stockholders an amount sufficient to ensure that the net amount received by stockholders, after the payment by us of applicable
withholding taxes in respect of the distribution of interest on capital, is at least equal to the mandatory dividend. Please refer
to section Attachments, item Considerations for ADS holders, Taxation for ADS holders, for further details.

Our Stockholder Remuneration Policy, approved
by our Board of Directors, establishes the monthly payment of R$0.015 per share as an advance mandatory dividend. The date used
in Brazil as a reference to determine which stockholders are entitled to receive the monthly dividend is determined according
to the shareholding position registered on the last day of the preceding month. With respect to our ADSs, however, the date used
to determine the stockholders that are entitled to receive the monthly dividend is three days after the Brazilian reference date.
In both cases, monthly dividends for a given month are paid on the first business day of the next month.

Once our net income is calculated, we intend
to pay the difference between the mandatory dividend, calculated as mentioned before, and the accumulated amount of advanced monthly
dividends. Additionally, our Board of Directors may declare interim dividends, which will be submitted for ratification at our
annual stockholders’ meeting.

A stockholder may claim payment of any dividend
for a period of three years counted from the dividend payment date. After this period we have no responsibility for such payment.

Stockholders not residing in Brazil must register
with the Central Bank so that dividends, interest on capital and other amounts related to their shares can be remitted abroad
in a foreign currency.

Currently, we pay dividends and interest on
capital equivalent to or higher than the mandatory dividends, but this may not continue to happen if our stockholders decide that
such distribution is not advisable in view of our financial condition. In this case, if our Fiscal Council is constituted, it
must issue an opinion about that decision, and management must present a report to CVM detailing the reasons for the suspension
of the dividend payment. Profits not distributed due to a suspension of the dividend payment must be allocated to a special reserve
and, if it is not absorbed by losses in subsequent years, it must be paid as dividends as soon as our financial position so permits.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 21b, and section Our risk Management, item Regulatory environment, Implementation of
Basel III in Brazil.

ADS holders’ payment of dividends

A-
50

Preferred shares underlying ADSs are kept
in Brazil by the custodian, Itaú Unibanco, which is the owner recorded in the register service of our preferred shares.
The depositary of our ADS program is The Bank of New York Mellon. The payments of dividends and distributions in cash for our
preferred shares underlying the ADSs are made directly to the depositary bank abroad, which is responsible for passing them on
to the stockholders within an average period of 10 days after payment is made in Brazil. The amount received by the ADS holder
may be reduced if we, the custodian or the depositary are required to retain an amount related to taxes and other government charges.

Please refer to section Our profile, item
2016 highlights, Corporate events, Payment of dividends, 10% Share Bonus of Itaú Unibanco and please refer to Performance,
item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 21 – Stockholders’ equity, for further information about dividends,
share bonus and shares outstanding.

Further information for the investor

We are organized as a publicly held
corporation for an unlimited period of time under the laws of Brazil. Our head offices are located at Praça Alfredo
Egydio de Souza Aranha, 100, 04344-902, São Paulo, SP, Brazil and our telephone number is +55-11-2794-3547. We are
primarily governed by Brazilian Corporate Law and our Bylaws. Our Tax Payer’s Registry (CNPJ) is 60.872.504/0001-23,
and we are registered with the São Paulo Commercial Registry (
Junta Comercial do Estado de São Paulo
)
under NIRE 35300010230. Our corporate purpose, as set forth in Article 2 of our Bylaws, is to perform banking activity in all
its authorized forms, including foreign exchange transactions. Our agent for service of process in the United States is the
general manager of our New York branch, which is located at 767 Fifth Avenue, 50
th
 floor, New York, NY 10153.

CONTACTS
Shares Program
Bookkeeping service   Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A.
Phone   3003 9285 (capitals and metropolitan areas) or 0800 720 9285 (further areas) (Brazilian callers) or +55 11 3003 9285 (Non-Brazilian callers)
E-mail   investfone@itau-unibanco.com.br
Site   www.itaucorretora.com.br
Specialized branches address   www.itaucustodia.com.br/agencia_enderecos.htm
ADS Program
Depositary bank   The Bank of New York Mellon
Phone   1 888 BNY ADRS (1 888 269 2377) (U.S. callers) or
+1 201 680 6825 (Non-U.S. callers)
E-mail   shrrelations@cpushareownerservices.com
Site   www.bnymellon.com/shareowner
Investor Relations   Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.
Phone   +55 11 2794 3547
E-mail   investor.relations@itau-unibanco.com.br
Site   www.itau.com.br/investor-relations

2017 CORPORATE CALENDAR
Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting   April 19, 2017
Earnings Release – First Quarter, 2017   May 3, 2017
Earnings Release – Second Quarter, 2017   August 1, 2017
Earnings Release – Third Quarter, 2017   October 31, 2017

Our commitment to best practices in corporate
governance is directly related to our focus on stockholders and investors, transparency and accountability. We are particularly
focused on platforms for communication with these groups and are continuously investing to upgrade channels and the quality of
our services.

In 2016, to encourage our communications with
and further strengthen our relationship with our stockholders, capital markets investors and analysts, we disclosed the organization’s
results, strategies and perspectives in 16 public meetings that drew approximately 2.2 thousand attendees in several cities. The
meetings were held in partnership with the Association of Capital Markets Investment Analysts and Investment Professionals (APIMEC
-
Associação dos Analistas e Profissionais de

Investimento do Mercado de Capitais
). We also took part
in 30 conferences and seven road shows in Brazil and abroad.

We held four quarterly conference calls during
2016, in each case on the day after each quarterly earnings release. The calls are conducted in Portuguese and afterwards in English
and may be accessed by telephone or on the internet.

A-
51

Our corporate information is posted
on our Investor Relations website (www.itau.com.br/relacoes-com-investidores). In addition, our bank was the first Brazilian bank
to have an IR profile on Twitter (@itauunibanco_ri) and a Facebook (facebook.com/itauunibancori) page.

Credit ratings

We subscribe to independent credit
rating agency reviews by Fitch Ratings, Moody’s and Standard&Poor’s (S&P). These ratings assess our credit
worthiness and are based on reviews of a broad range of business and financial attributes including risk management processes
and procedures, capital strength, earnings, funding, liquidity, accounting and governance, in addition to government and/or group
support.

Credit Ratings
(1)

As
    of December 31, 2016   Fitch
    Ratings   Standard&Poor’s   Moody’s
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.
Short Term   B   B   NP
Long Term   BB+   BB   (P) Ba3 (2)
Outlook   Negative   Negative   Stable
Itaú Unibanco S.A.
Short Term   B   B   NP
Long Term   BB+   BB   (P) Ba2 (3)
Outlook   Negative   Negative   Stable
Itau BBA International plc (4)
Short Term   -   -   P-2
Long Term   -   -   A3
Outlook   -   -   Stable

(1)   International Scale
                                         Foreign Currency Ratings.

(2)   Refers to Itaú
                                         Unibanco Holding S.A. Senior Unsecured Debt Rating. Moody’s does not assess Deposit Ratings
                                         for Itaú Unibanco Holding.

(3)   Refers to Itaú
                                         Unibanco S.A. Senior Unsecured Debt Rating. Itaú Unibanco S.A. Long Term Deposit
                                         Rating is Ba3.

(4)   Itau BBA International
                                         plc is not rated by Fitch Ratings or Standard & Poor’s.

In mid-February 2016, Standard
& Poor’s downgraded Brazil’s ratings. As a result, the rating agency also announced reviews of the ratings of
44 Brazilian financial services institutions, including Itaú Unibanco and Itaú Unibanco Holding, which were also
downgraded.

Following Moody’s downgrade
of Brazil’s sovereign bond rating from Baa3 to Ba2, with a negative outlook, on February 24, 2016, Moody’s announced
on February 25, 2016 that it had downgraded ratings assigned to 31 Brazilian banking entities, including Itaú Unibanco
and Itaú Unibanco Holding. According to Moody’s, the affected ratings were constrained by the sovereign rating because
of the relevant issuers’ close economic linkages to the government.

Following Fitch’s downgrade of
Brazil’s sovereign rating from BB + to BB, with a negative outlook, on May 5, 2016, Fitch announced on May 11, 2016 that it had
downgraded ratings assigned to 22 Brazilian financial institutions, including Itaú Unibanco and Itaú Unibanco Holding,
which had their ratings revised to BB+ from BBB-. According to Fitch, the ratings of Itaú Unibanco and Itaú Unibanco
Holding remain one notch above Brazil’s sovereign rating, due to their very strong credit profile.

In May 2016, Moody’s recalibrated
the Brazilian national rating scale. As a result, Moody’s repositioned the national scale ratings of 28 Brazilian financial
institutions, including Itaú Unibanco S.A. and Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A., which had their national scale ratings
upgraded from Aa2.br to Aa1.br and from A2.br to A1.br, respectively, as a result of such repositioning.

On August 5, 2016, Moody’s
assigned to, for the first time, Itau BBA International plc (domiciled in the United Kingdom) an investment grade, long-term deposit
and issuer ratings of A3 (with a negative outlook). In assigning the ratings, Moody’s recognized the strength of Itau BBA
International plc’s strong macro profile, low level of asset risk, strong capital and liquidity.

On September 1, 2016, Fitch reaffirmed
the global scale long-term foreign and local currency ratings of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and Itaú Unibanco S.A.
at BB+ (with a negative outlook). The rating agency has emphasized that the bank has a comfortable liquidity position due to low-cost
funding sources through our extensive branch network.

On October 10, 2016, Standard &
Poor’s reaffirmed the global scale long-term foreign and local currency ratings of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and
Itaú Unibanco S.A. at BB (with a negative outlook). The rating agency also highlighted the bank’s level of capitalization.

In March, 2017, Moody’s upgraded from negative to stable the outlook of Itaú Unibanco S.A.
and Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. , aligned to the sovereign outlook review. Also in March 2017, Fitch reaffirmed the global
scale long-term foreign and local currency ratings of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and Itaú Unibanco S.A. at BB+ (with
a negative outlook). The rating agency has emphasized that the bank has a strong liquidity, a good capitalization, a consistent
profitability and comfortable levels of asset quality.

A-
52

Our governance

Our practices

The adoption of good corporate governance
practices adds value to a company, facilitates its access to capital and contributes to its longevity. Therefore, we have adopted
corporate governance practices aligned with best practices adopted in the Brazilian and foreign markets. Furthermore, we comply
with the corporate governance rules issued by the Central Bank and the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (CVM –
Comissão de Valores Mobiliários). We seek constant development of our management policies and mechanisms so as to
ensure excellence in our practices and sustainable growth for our company. Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/ENGLISHpolitica_gc.pdf
for our governance principles and practices we adopt.

In line with such principles, we voluntarily
comply with the Code of Self-Regulation and Good Practices for Publicly Held Companies of the Brazilian Association of Publicly
Held Companies (Associação Brasileira de Companhias Abertas, or ABRASCA), which was based on the best corporate
governance practices in effect in Brazil and abroad. Our governance practices have been recognized and, as a result, we have been
named to BM&FBovespa´s Corporate Sustainability Index (ISE - Índice de Sustentabilidade Empresarial) and to the
Dow Jones Sustainability Index. On the latter, we were recognized as one of the top-scoring companies in the banking industry,
qualified for inclusion in the 2017 Sustainability Yearbook and received the Bronze Class distinction for our sustainability performance.

In December 2016, for the third consecutive
semester, we were selected for inclusion in the portfolio of the Euronext Vigeo – Emerging 70 Sustainability Index. The
index is comprised of 70 companies, selected among over 850 companies listed in developing countries that showed the best performance
in corporate responsibility, according to the ratings assigned by Vigeo. Inclusion in Euronext Vigeo – Emerging 70 reflects
our long-term commitment to ethical business behavior, compliance with the law, corporate governance, and social, cultural and
environmental responsibility. Please refer to section Our profile, item 2016 highlights for further information about our awards
and recognition.

Since 2002, in line with our commitment to
strengthen our position in the Brazilian capital markets, we have made a number of presentations in the regional offices of the
Association of Capital Markets Investment Analysts and Investment Professionals (APIMEC - Associação dos Analistas
e Profissionais de Investimento do Mercado de Capitais, or APIMEC). Beginning in 1996, we have also made presentations in the
United States and Europe with respect to our governance practices. In these presentations, we have the opportunity to provide
the financial community with details on our performance, strategies to add value, future perspectives and other important issues.

Our Code of Ethics was updated in August 2016
and applies to all of our employees, directors and officers. Our Code of Ethics is based on principles that support a corporate
culture focused on valuing people, on strict compliance with rules and regulations and on a permanent pursuit of development.
Please refer to http://www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/codigo_de_etica_ingles.pdf?title= Itaú Unibanco's Code of Ethics for our Code of Ethics.

Additionally, we have adopted the Policy
of Material Information Disclosure, which deals with the public disclosure of material information pursuant to CVM
regulation. We also have adopted a Policy on Trading of Securities, which restricts the trading of securities during certain
periods and requires the disclosure of all transactions carried out by the management with our securities, as permitted by
CVM regulation. These policies can be found in:
https://www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/Politica_de_Divulgacao_(FOR)_INGLES.pdf?title=Corporate Policy and
Procedure Disclosure of Material Information
https://www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/IHF-Politica_de_Negociacao_(FOR)_INGLES.pdf?title=Policy for Trading
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. Securities.

Over the course of our history, as part of our corporate governance
initiatives, we have made several decisions regarding the improvement of the disclosure of our information and the protection
of minority stockholders rights. For example, we are listed as a publicly held company on BM&FBovespa and, in 2001, we
were one of the first companies to voluntarily adhere to Corporate Governance Level 1 of the BM&FBovespa. In 2002, we
listed our Level 2 ADSs on NYSE, complying with both SEC’s rules and other U.S. legal requirements, such as the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Public sector

In order to ensure the work of our managers
and employees on an ethical and transparent basis, as well as to prevent and fight frauds and illicit acts in the relationship
with the public sector, we adopt policies to clearly determine how to carry on the relationship, as well as processes and rules
that determine what is allowed and what is not allowed, providing for a proper risk management.

In 2016, it is worth mentioning the launch
of the ‘Relationship Policy with Public Agents and Hiring of Public Administration Bodies and Companies’, aiming at
guiding governmental relations in Itaú Unibanco Conglomerate, which is construed as the institutional interests of the
bank and of the financial system in general, on an organized and transparent basis with public agents. In addition to the rules
established for the allowed and expected employees conduct in the relationship with any public agents, the policy also includes
rules for the execution of agreements with public administration bodies and companies.

Furthermore, we revisited the Integrity and
Ethics and the Bribery Prevention Corporate Policies, and the Code of Ethics, which state rules to avoid conflicts of interests
in processes regarding donations and sponsorships, gifts, and in relationships

A-
53

with clients, suppliers and partners, both in the
public and private sectors, and which also establish guidelines and processes to prevent and fight corruption, such as training,
communications, consultation and whistleblowing channels.

These policies are available at https://www.itau.com.br/investor-relations/corporate-governance/rules-and-policies

Management structure

Our management is structured so as to ensure
that matters are extensively discussed and decisions are made on a collective basis. The chart and text below present our management
bodies, their main functions and the management members that compose them.

Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting and Extraordinary
Stockholders’ Meeting

Our Annual General Stockholders’ Meeting
is our highest decision-making body, which gathers stockholders on a regular basis before the end of April of each year and, on
a special basis, whenever corporate interests so require.

It is the responsibility of our Board of Directors
to call a stockholders’ meeting. The first notice of the stockholders’ meeting must be published no later than 15
days before the date of the meeting on the first call. Brazilian Corporate Law establishes that under specified circumstances,
the meeting may also be convened by the fiscal council or any stockholder.

The notice of a stockholders’ meeting
must be published three times, on different dates, in official newspapers widely circulated in São Paulo, our principal
place of business, setting forth the place, date and time of the meeting, the meeting’s agenda and, in the event of an amendment
to our Bylaws, a description of the proposed change.

In addition to the requirements of Brazilian
Corporate Law, we also publish notices in two different languages (Portuguese and English) on our website and e-mail our subscribed
investors and stockholders, as well as through CVM, BM&FBovespa , SEC and NYSE.

As a general rule, Brazilian Corporate Law
provides that a quorum for a stockholders’ meeting consists of stockholders representing at least 25% of a company’s
issued and outstanding voting share capital, on the first date the meeting is called for, and, if a quorum is not reached, any
percentage of the company’s voting share capital on a second date the meeting is called for. Generally, our meetings are
held with a quorum representing approximately 90% of our voting share capital.

In order to attend a stockholders’ meeting,
stockholders must present an identification document. A stockholder may be represented at a stockholders’ meeting by a proxy
appointed less than a year before the meeting.

Since 2012, we made available an “Online
Meeting” tool. This tool is an electronic voting platform that provides stockholders with more accessibility, allowing them
to exercise their voting rights in advance, from any place. In September 2016, we voluntarily made available the Remote Voting
Form, an electronic document by which stockholders can convey their voting instructions directly to the Company or through service
providers. According to CVM Ruling No. 561/2015, we are obligated to provide the Remote Voting Form from 2017 onwards.

Board of Directors

Our Board of Directors is the body responsible
for establishing the general guidelines of our business, including our controlled companies, and is elected annually by our stockholders.

Board members must act impartially, in compliance
with pre-established rules, so as to prevent conflicts of interest. Such rules include:

A-
54

• not taking part
in resolutions related to matters in which the director’s interests conflict with our interests. The director must inform
the Board of Directors about the conflict of interest as soon as the matter giving rise to such conflict is included in the agenda
or proposed by the Chairman of the Board, and in any event, before the beginning of any discussion on such matter;

• in the event the
director or a company controlled or managed by the director carries out a transaction with any company of the Itaú Unibanco
Group: (a) the transaction must be carried out at arm’s length; (b) if it is not a customary transaction or involves the
provision of services, there must be an opinion issued by recognized financial advisors evidencing that the transaction was carried
out at arm’s length; and (c) the transaction must be disclosed to and conducted under the supervision of the Related Parties
Committee, the Ethics and Ombudsman Superintendence or the channels usually competent in the hierarchy of Itaú Unibanco
Group, subject to the rules and conditions set forth in our Related Party Transactions Policy; and

• serving on no
more than four boards of directors of companies that do not belong to the same group.

The Board of Directors’ performance
is assessed yearly to ensure that board members are aligned with the organization’s values and that they represent the interests
of our stockholders.

Our Board of Directors is currently
composed of 12 members, nine of whom are non-executive (75%) of which five are independent (41.66%). Our board members meet on
a regular basis eight times a year and on a special basis whenever necessary (in practice, on average, once a month).

According to our Bylaws, the positions
of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer or principal executive officer cannot be held by the same person.

Pursuant to Brazilian law, the
election or reelection of each member of our Board of Directors is subject to approval by the Central Bank. All directors are
elected for a term of one year and can be reelected upon the Central Bank’s approval. Also under Brazilian law, an acting
director retains his position until he is reelected or his successor takes office.

Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/InternalCharterof...pdf,
for further information.

Committees of the Board of Directors

There are seven committees presented
in the management organization chart above, that report directly to the Board of Directors. Committee members are elected by the
Board of Directors for a term of one year, and must have proven knowledge in their respective professional fields as well as technical
qualification compatible with their responsibilities.

The committees may hire outside
experts but must always be careful to maintain the integrity and the confidentiality of their work.

Please refer to www.itau.com.br/investor-relations/corporate-governance/rules-and-policies,
for each committee rules.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee is a statutory
body responsible for overseeing the quality and integrity of our financial statements, the compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements, the performance, independence and quality of the services provided by our independent auditors and of the work performed
by our internal auditors, and of the effectiveness of our internal controls and risk management systems. It is a single body which
is responsible for overseeing companies of the Itaú Unibanco Group that are authorized to operate by the Central Bank or
supervised by the Superintendency of Private Insurance (Superintendência de Seguros Privados, or SUSEP).

All Audit Committee members
are independent, pursuant to Brazilian banking regulation, and the Board of Directors will terminate the term of office of
any member of the Audit Committee if such member’s independence is affected by any conflict or potentially conflicting
situation. In order to meet the requirements of CMN, the Brazilian Council of Private Insurance (Conselho Nacional de Seguros
Privados, or CNSP) as well as those of SEC and NYSE, the Board of Directors has determined that Mr Diego Fresco Gutierrez is
an independent financial expert who qualifies as an “Audit Committee Financial Expert” as such term is defined in
SEC rules.

The Audit Committee assessments
are based on information received from management, external auditors, internal auditors, the units responsible for risk management
and internal controls and on the analyses of the Audit Committee’s members resulting from direct observation. After establishing
an annual schedule to comply with its duties, the Committee held 191 meetings over 58 days in the period from January to December
2016.

“Throughout 2016, the
Committee held 191 meetings over 58 days. This year, in addition to following its regular agenda, the Committee made special efforts
to monitor risk management and the performance of the Internal Audit in relation to information security, client relationships,
and the integration process of the banks acquired in Chile and Colombia. We deeply regret to inform you of the passing of Sergio
Darcy da Silva Alves, whose work on our Committee in the last years was of an invaluable contribution. On December 22, 2016, Rogério
P. Calderón Peres took office as a new Committee member.”

Geraldo Travaglia Filho

President of the Audit Committee

A-
55

Internal Audit

Internal Audit, under the technical supervision
of the Audit Committee, provides the Board of Directors and senior management with independent, impartial and timely evaluations
of the effectiveness of risk management, the adequacy of controls and compliance with the regulations and rules related to the
operations of the conglomerate. Such evaluations occur periodically, with intervals from 12 to 36 months, following a methodology
which is designed according to the standards of The Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA).

Internal Auditing requires the functions audited
to establish action plans for the deficiencies identified, considering the deadlines which vary according to the risk rating.

Pre-approval of policies and procedures

Among the Audit Committee’s responsibilities
is to establish policies and procedures regarding services that can be provided by our external auditors. On an annual basis,
the Audit Committee issues (i) the list of those services which cannot be provided by our external auditors, due to the fact that
such services could, eventually, affect their independence, (ii) the list of pre-approved services, and (iii) those services that
need to be previously approved by the Audit Committee.

Fees and services of the principal auditor

The following table presents the total amount
charged by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes by category for services rendered in 2016 and 2015:

(In
    thousands of R$)
Fees   2016   % Approved by the Audit Committee   2015   % Approved by the Audit Committee
Audit Fees   60,512   100.0   48,133   100.0
Audit-Related Fees   4,755   100.0   3,728   100.0
Tax Fees   453   100.0   423   100.0
All Other Fees   969   100.0   1,175   99.0
Total   66,689   53,459

•   audit
                                         fees: corresponds to the audit of our annual financial statements, the review of our
                                         quarterly financial statements, as well as the audit and review of financial statements
                                         of our subsidiaries, services relating to issuance of comfort letters in securities offerings,
                                         issuance of reports required by regulatory bodies and audit of internal control over
                                         financial reporting in connection with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements;

•   audit-related
                                         fees: corresponds to services provided in connection with the issuance of appraisal reports
                                         at book value, assistance related to review of documents to be filed with local and foreign
                                         regulatory bodies, including documents regarding compliance with legislation and regulations,
                                         audit of specific financial statements, compliance with greenhouse gas emissions controls
                                         and policies, due diligence activities, assurance of special purpose reports and previously
                                         agreed-upon procedures to review profit share calculation with respect to commercial
                                         partnership contracts;

•   tax
                                         fees: corresponds to tax consulting and advising on cross-border transactions and review
                                         of Brazilian income tax;and

•   other
                                         fees: corresponds to training, use of surveys and technical materials, independent review
                                         of accounting and tax matters of transactions outside Brazil, independent review of the
                                         implementation plan using the COSO 2013 framework, independent review of credit models,
                                         consultancy related to internal processes and benchmarking of a middle market transaction,
                                         review of credit card debt negociation process controls and advising on the revision
                                         of structuring sale of a credit portfolio.

Personnel Committee

The Personnel Committee is responsible for
establishing the main guidelines related to personnel. Its duties include establishing guidelines related to talent attraction
and retention, recruiting and qualification, and our long term incentive programs.

“Throughout 2016 our journey took
us to the consolidation of our corporate culture (“Our Way”), and we have escalated some actions for disseminating
and engaging our risk management principles. We started a process to unveil the bank’s purpose, which encompassed the following
steps: (1) understanding Itaú Unibanco’s history, its values and peculiarities based on its large history of mergers
and acquisitions; (2) mapping its historical and potential heritage for the future; and

A-
56

(3) designing the conceptual and strategic
territory in which the branch will firmly anchor its purpose. We monitored the talent programs, which are aimed to attract talents
from the best universities in Brazil and the world by adopting a highly rigorous selection process, and recorded a significant
increase in the number of participants. Finally, we addressed significant topics, such as the executive succession planning for
many careers in the bank, and diversity as a strategic value.”

Pedro Moreira Salles

Chairman of the Board of Directors and President of the Personnel
Committee

Related Parties Committee

The Related Parties Committee is responsible
for analyzing transactions between related parties in the circumstances specified by our Related Parties Policy in order to ensure
equality and transparency in such transactions. The Committee is composed entirely of independent members.

“Throughout 2016, the Committee acted
effectively on the analysis of related party transactions, having always in mind the purpose of ensuring equality among stockholders,
investors, and stakeholders, as well as ensuring more transparency to the market. Approximately 30 related-party transactions
of diversified types were analyzed, such as those involving real estate, supply, and technology. Another highlight was the creation
of an Internal Circular Letter, aimed at improving processes related to the Transactions with Related Parties Policy, by formalizing
internal responsibilities and the flows associated with the governance of transactions. Accordingly, we proceed with our commitment
to keep Itaú Unibanco Holding in line with the best corporate governance practices.”

Gustavo Jorge Laboissière Loyola

Independent Director and member of the Related Parties Committee

Transactions with related parties

Our Policy for Transactions with Related Parties,
or Related Parties Policy, defines the concept of related parties and establishes rules and procedures for transactions among
them. It provides that such transactions must be carried out in writing, under market conditions, pursuant to our internal practices
(such as the guidelines set forth in our Code of Ethics) and, subject to criteria defined by accounting standards, disclosed in
our financial statements. Transactions with related parties, or sets of related transactions, that involve, in the period of one
year, amounts higher than R$1.0 million are subject to additional internal governance procedures. Such transactions must be approved
by our Related Parties Committee, composed entirely of independent members of our Board of Directors, and are reported to our
Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/IHF_Politica_Partes_Relacionadas_ING.pdf
for our Related Parties Policy.

CVM Rulling No. 480/2009 requires that transactions
with related parties that meet the conditions set forth by Schedule 30-XXXIII of such rule be disclosed within seven business
days of their occurrence, in accordance with the terms defined in such rule.

Additionally, Brazilian laws and regulations
provide that financial institutions are not allowed to grant loans, advances or guarantees to certain individuals and entities
related to them, including:

(i)   officers, and
                                         members of the board of directors, fiscal council, advisory councils and other statutory
                                         committees, as well as their spouses, ascendants, descendants and collateral relatives
                                         to the second degree, either blood relatives or in-laws;

(ii)   individuals
                                         or legal entities that directly or indirectly control the financial institution or hold
                                         more than 10% of the financial institution’s share capital;

(iii)   legal entities
                                         directly or indirectly controlled by the financial institution or legal entities in which
                                         the financial institution directly or indirectly holds more than 10% of the share capital;
                                         or

(iv)   legal entities
                                         directly or indirectly controlled by the individuals mentioned in items “i”
                                         and “ii” above or legal entities in which such individuals directly or indirectly
                                         hold more than 10% of the share capital.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 35 – Related Parties, for further details about the related parties we do business
with and the main terms of those transactions.

Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee

The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
is composed entirely of non executive directors and is responsible for stimulating and overseeing discussions of matters related
to our governance. Its duties include analyzing and issuing opinions on situations of potential conflicts of interest between
the directors and companies of the Itaú Unibanco Group, periodically reviewing the criteria for nomination of our independent
directors, in accordance with governance principles and applicable regulation, giving methodological and procedural support for
the assessment of the Board of Directors, individual directors, committees and the chief

A-
57

executive officer, and discussing and
making recommendations on the succession of the directors and the chief executive officer. Please refer to section Our governance,
item Management structure, for further information about changes in our Board of Officers.

“The agenda of the Nomination and Corporate
Governance Committee in 2016 was highly intense, as it addressed several relevant themes for the Company’s good governance,
particularly the CEO succession process.

Among other issues also addressed over the year,
noteworthy issues are as follows:

•   Discussions
                                         and recommendations on nominees to make up the Board of Directors and its Committees;

•   Approving
                                         the Management Nomination Policy and defining a fixed 75% minimum percentage of attendance
                                         at meetings for members of the Board of Directors and the Committees, which is in line
                                         with the best corporate governance practices; and

•   Discussions
                                         on the evaluation results for the Board of Directors and its members, as well as for
                                         the Chairman and CEO.”

Fábio Colletti Barbosa

Independent Director and member of the Nomination
and Corporate Governance Committee

Risk and Capital Management Committee

The Risk and Capital Management
Committee is responsible for supporting the Board of Directors in performing its responsibilities related to our capital and risk
management as well as submitting reports and recommendations on these topics for the approval of the Board of Directors. Its duties
include establishing our risk appetite and minimum return expected on our capital, overseeing our risk control and management
activities in order to assure their adequacy to the risk levels assumed and the complexity of our operations as well as the compliance
with regulatory requirements. It is also responsible for promoting the improvement of our risk culture.

“In 2016, in addition
to exercising its mandate of supervising risk and capital management activities, the Risk and Capital Management Committee committed
a significant amount of time to revisiting our risk appetite policy. It improved its approach on governance issues and extended
the scope of risks monitored in connection with this appetite, by adding aspects related to operational risk, information security
and reputation to the management of risks of credit, market, and liquidity and capitalization level.”

Pedro Luiz Bodin de Moraes

Independent Director and President of the Risk and
Capital Management Committee

Strategy Committee

The Strategy Committee is responsible
for leading discussions of strategic matters critical to us. Its duties include proposing budgetary guidelines for the Board of
Directors, and issuing opinions and recommendations on the strategic guidelines and investment opportunities in order to support
the decisions of the Board of Directors.

“The Strategy Committee
held five meetings during 2016, which were intended to address issues on sustainability and adequacy of guidelines to major world
trends, on the suitability and its impact on current and future business, and on the profit pool of the financial system, by analyzing
the strategy of inserting Itaú Unibanco Holding into the many segments of this market. In addition to these more comprehensive
themes, the Committee addressed the several scenarios for both 2017 and the following years, as well as its adequacy to the strategic
plan and any possible acquisition of new business. Noteworthy mentioning in 2016 was the purchase of the remaining shares of Itaú
BMG Consignado, required for us to hold 100% of its capital, and the purchase of Citibank’s retail business in Brazil, which
is pending approval by CADE.”

Nildemar Secches

Independent Director and member of the Strategy Committee

Compensation Committee

The Compensation Committee is composed
entirely of non executive members and is responsible for leading discussions of matters related to our management compensation.
Its duties include developing the Compensation Policy for our management members, proposing to our Board of Directors different
methods of fixed and variable compensation, in addition to benefits and special recruiting and termination programs, discussing,
analyzing and overseeing the implementation and operation of our existing compensation models, and discussing the general principles
for the compensation of our employees.

“Throughout 2016 the Compensation Committee
was dedicated to:

-   defining the overall
                                         compensation for the members of the Board of Directors and Executive Board;

-   approving the bank’s
                                         overall bonus pool, taking into account a scenario of higher default for the wholesale
                                         banking segment;

A-
58

-   changing the overall
                                         calculation model and the bank pool limit for the investment banking and private banking
                                         segments, therefore adjusting these segments to the institution’s other areas;

-   complying with
                                         the Central Bank’s request to adjust the executive compensation to the market risk,
                                         so that it refrains from having financial targets;

-   approving a model
                                         for a new area designed for “restructuring loan portfolios”;

-   approving the individual
                                         compensation for the Executive Committee members;

-   analyzing the comparative
                                         study on executive compensation and market research, with the conclusion that our model
                                         is consistent with market levels and our own results; and

-   approving rules
                                         for the so-called “good leavers”, that is, Officers who leave our organization
                                         to work with the Government, by prompting the termination of the vesting period and making
                                         them immediately dispose of their shares, to avoid any conflict of interest.”

Alfredo Egydio Arruda Villela

Member of the Compensation Committee

Digital Advisory Board

The Board of Directors shall constitute a Digital Advisory
Board which shall supply the Board with inputs, thus supporting the latter’s reflections on customer experience as impacted by
the evolution of technology and world trends.

Annual evaluation of the Board of Directors and Board
Committees

To assess the performance of our management and in order
to comply with best corporate governance practices, we annually carry out an evaluation of our Board of Directors, its members
and its Chairman, as well as the Board committees. Decisions regarding whether to propose the reelection of Board members to the
Annual General Stockholders Meeting and of the members of the Board committees to the Board take into account both (i) positive
performance results and high attendance at meetings during the previous term and (ii) the level of independence and industry experience.

Evaluation process

The evaluation process consists
of the following stages: self-evaluation of the members of the Board, cross-evaluation of the members of the Board (Board members
evaluate each other), evaluation of the Board itself by its members, evaluation of the Chairman by Board members and evaluation
of the Board committees by their members.

The evaluation process is structured
taking into consideration the specific responsibilities of the Board, its members, its Chairman, and each of the Board’s
committees. Therefore, we aim at a high level of expertise.

The evaluation process is conducted
by an independent person, responsible for distributing specific questionnaires to the Board of Directors and to each of the Board
committees, as well as interviewing members of the Board and Board committees individually. The independent person is also responsible
for analyzing the answers and comparing them to the results from the previous years to identify and address any findings and/or
gaps relating to the Board of Directors or the Board committees that may be revealed by this process.

Methodological support and independent evaluation

The Nomination and Corporate Governance
Committee provides methodological and procedural support to the evaluation process. The Committee also discusses the results of
the evaluation, as well as the composition and succession plan of the Board.

Besides such support by the Nomination
and Corporate Governance Committee, an independent person is responsible for carrying out the evaluation process itself.

International Advisory Board

The International Advisory Board
is responsible for evaluating the prospects for the world economy and the adoption by us of internationally accepted codes and
standards, especially with respect to monetary and financial policy, corporate governance, capital markets, payments systems and
prevention of money laundering, in order to contribute towards strengthening our presence in the international financial community
and to provide guidelines for the Board of Directors. The International Advisory Board is comprised of the following individuals,
some of whom are not members of our Board of Directors or employees of the Itaú Unibanco Group: Pedro Sampaio Malan, Alessandro
Profumo, André Lara Rezende, Andres Velasco, Angel Corcóstegui, Pascal Lamy, Pedro Moreira Salles, Ricardo Villela
Marino, Roberto Egydio Setubal and Vikram Pandit.

A-
59

Fiscal Council

The Fiscal Council is an independent body
composed of three to five members elected annually by our stockholders to supervise the activities of our management, to examine
our financial statements for the year ended and to issue an opinion on such financial statements, among other duties established
by Brazilian law. The fiscal council must operate independently from management, our external auditors and the Audit Committee.

Although its permanent existence is not legally
mandatory, we have had a Fiscal Council established and functioning continuously since 2000.

Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/Rules_Fiscal_Council.pdf,
for each committee rules.

Board of Officers

Our Board of Officers is elected annually
by the Board of Directors and its role is to implement the guidelines proposed by our Board of Directors. The officers manage
our daily business activities, ensuring the best allocation and management of our funds to accomplish our established goals. The
structure of our Board of Officers takes into account the segmentation of our businesses, which demands in-depth knowledge in
different areas, skills and business sectors given our organization’s complexity.

Pursuant to Brazilian law, the election of
each member of our Board of Officers must be approved by the Central Bank. Also under Brazilian law, an acting officer retains
his or her position until he or she is reelected or a successor takes office. Our officers are subject to internal and periodic
assessment, in which performance criteria such as client satisfaction, personnel and financial management are considered.

As announced on November 9, 2016, structural
changes were made to the management of Itaú Unibanco Holding. The chart below presents our Board of Officers, made up of
two General Managers and three Vice Presidents:

Disclosure and Trading Committee

The Disclosure and Trading Committee reports
to the Board of Officers and is comprised of members of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Officers of Itaú Unibanco
Holding or any company of the Itaú Unibanco Group, and professionals of proven knowledge in the capital markets area, appointed
by our Investor Relations Officer, who is also a permanent member of the committee.

The committee is responsible for managing
our Policy of Material Information Disclosure and our Policy on Trading of Securities. We were among the first publicly held companies
in Brazil to have such a committee.

The duties of the Disclosure and Trading Committee
include carrying out internal actions intended to improve the information flow and foster the ethical conduct of our management
members and our employees in order to ensure transparency, quality, equality and security in the information provided to our stockholders,
investors and other participants in the capital markets.

Our Directors and Executive Officers

Four of our directors, Alfredo Egydio Arruda
Villela Filho, Ricardo Villela Marino, Alfredo Egydio Setubal and Roberto Egydio Setubal, are members of the Egydio de Souza Aranha
family and one of our directors, Pedro Moreira Salles, is a member of the Moreira Salles family.

Our Board of Directors was elected and reelected on April 27,
2016 at our annual stockholders’ meeting. Pedro Moreira Salles, Alfredo Egydio Arruda Villela Filho, Roberto Egydio
Setubal, Alfredo Egydio Setubal, Candido Botelho Bracher, Demosthenes Madureira de Pinho Neto, Fábio Colletti Barbosa,
Gustavo Jorge Laboissiere Loyola, Nildemar Secches, Pedro Luiz Bodin de Moraes and Ricardo Villela Marino were reelected as
members of our Board of Directors, each for a term of one year.

On the same date, José Galló
was also elected as member of the Board of Directors. Henri Penchas was not reelected, having reached the age limit provided in
our Bylaws.

A-
60

Directors Fábio Colletti Barbosa, Gustavo
Jorge Laboissière Loyola, José Galló, Nildemar Secches, and Pedro Luiz Bodin de Moraes have been deemed by
us to be independent members of the Board of Directors.

With respect to our Fiscal Committee, Iran
Siqueira Lima was reelected as an effective member, with José Caruso Cruz Henriques also being reelected as his alternate.
Alkimar Ribeiro Moura was elected as an effective member, with João Costa also being reelected as his alternate. Current
alternate Carlos Roberto de Albuquerque Sá was elected an effective member, with Eduardo Azevedo do Valle being elected
on the same date as his alternate.

At the Meeting of the Board of Directors of
April 28, 2016, the members of our Board of Officers were reelected for a term of office of one year. At the same meeting Atilio
Luiz Magila Albiero Júnior, Fernando Barçante Tostes Malta, Gilberto Frussa and Sergio Mychkis Goldstein were elected
officers. The members of the Audit Committee were also reelected for a term of office of one year with the exception of Luiz Alberto
Fiore. On the same date, Ricardo Baldin was elected to the Audit Committee; however, he did not continue as a member of the Audit
Committee on account of having accepted an invitation to join the Executive Board of the
Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento
Econômico e Social
 – BNDES (the Brazilian Development Bank).

On May 3, 2016, we announced that
Professor Iran Siqueira Lima, President of our Fiscal Council, reelected at the Annual General Meeting of April 27, 2016, had
passed away on April 29. In light of this, José Caruso Cruz Henriques, elected as alternate member of our Fiscal
Council on April 27, 2016, assumed the position as an effective member for a term of office, which shall terminate on the
date of the Annual General Meeting for 2017. The position of alternate member held by Mr. José Caruso remains vacant
until our next General Meeting is held.

In addition, the current members of our Audit,
Strategy, Risk and Capital Management, Nomination and Governance, Personnel, Compensation and Related Parties Committees were
reelected for a term of one year.

On June 7, 2016, the Central Bank approved
the election and reelection (as applicable) of the members of our Board of Directors, Fiscal Council and Audit Committee.

On November 24, 2016, at the Board of Directors
Meeting, Rogério Paulo Calderón was elected to the position of member of the Audit Committee and, on December 22,
2016, the Central Bank approved this election.

On December 9, 2016, at the Board of Directors
Meeting, André Sapoznik and Caio Ibrahim David were elected to the position of Vice President of the Board of Officers.
At the same meeting, Vice President Eduardo Mazzili de Vassimon was reassigned to the position of General Director.

On the same date, it was recorded that the General Directors will
have the following specific duties:

·

Candido Botelho Bracher is the Deputy CEO, responsible for supporting
the CEO in his activities. This role will be performed on a temporary basis until Candido takes office as CEO
,
 the
position for which he will be elected after the next Ordinary General Stockholders’ Meeting;

·

Eduardo Mazzilli de Vassimon is responsible for structuring the
services and establishing internal and operational rules related to the departments of wholesale and relationship with medium-sized
and large companies, including banking services, investment banking, asset and wealth management services, international business
and institutional treasury;

·

Márcio de Andrade Schettini is responsible for structuring
services and establishing internal and operational rules related to the Retail Bank, to client relationships and offer of products
and services to our client base, including individuals and companies, comprised in all retail segmentation levels, and to the
insurance, pension plan, and premium bonds departments; and

·

Marco Ambrogio Crespi Bonomi is responsible for supporting the
process of transfer of his activities to Márcio de Andrade Schettini and this job will be performed on a temporary basis
until he takes office as member of the Board of Directors, the position for which he will be appointed at the next Ordinary General
Stockholders’ Meeting.

In the same way as the Vice Presidents, André
Sapoznik is responsible for coordinating and organizing the technical and operational infrastructure that is necessary for the
Company’s business and Caio Ibrahim David is responsible for the control and risk management department, the finance segment
and the controllership department.

The elections of the members were approved by the Central Bank
on January 5, 2017.

The composition of the statutory bodies as of December 31, 2016
is as follows:

A-
61

Members Name (age), position   Member since   Audit Committee   Personnel Committee   Related Parties Committee   Nomination
    and Corporate Governance Committee   Risk
    and Capital Management Committee   Strategy Committee   Compensation Committee (1)   International Advisory Council (2)
Board of Directors (3) (12 members)
Pedro Moreira Salles
    (57), Chairman   08/2009
Alfredo Egydio Arruda Villela
    Filho (47), Vice Chairman   03/2003
Roberto Egydio Setubal (62), Vice Chairman   03/2003
Alfredo Egydio Setubal (58), Member   06/2007
Candido Botelho Bracher (58), Member   02/2009
Demosthenes Madureira de Pinho Neto (56), Member   05/2012
Fábio Colletti Barbosa (62), Independent
    Member   07/2015
Gustavo Jorge Laboissière Loyola (64),
    Independent Member   07/2006
José Galló (65), Independent Member   04/2016
Nildemar Secches (68), Independent Member   05/2012
Pedro Luiz Bodin de Moraes (60), Independent
    Member   02/2009
Ricardo Villela Marino (42), Member   06/2008
Board of Officers (24 members)
Roberto Egydio Setubal (62), Chief Executive
    Officer   11/1995
Candido Botelho Bracher (58), General Manager   08/2005
Márcio de Andrade Schettini (52), General
    Manager   07/2015
Marco Ambrogio Crespi Bonomi (60), General Manager   07/2015
Eduardo Mazzilli de Vassimon (58), General Manager   03/2013
André Sapoznik (44), Vice President   12/2016
Caio Ibrahim David (48), Chief Financial Officer
    and Vice President   12/2016
Claudia Politanski (46), Vice President   11/2008
Alexsandro Broedel Lopes (42), Executive Officer   08/2012
Fernando Barçante Tostes Malta (48), Executive
    Officer   04/2016
Leila Cristiane Barboza Braga de Melo (45), Executive
    Officer   04/2015
Paulo Sergio Miron (50), Executive Officer   07/2015
Adriano Cabral Volpini (44), Officer   02/2015
Álvaro Felipe Rizzi Rodrigues (39), Officer   04/2015
Atilio Luiz Magila Albiero Junior (39), Officer   04/2016
Eduardo Hiroyuki Miyaki (44), Officer   08/2011
Emerson Macedo Bortoloto (39), Officer   11/2011
Gilberto Frussa (50), Officer   04/2016
José Virgilio Vita Neto (38), Officer   04/2015
Marcelo Kopel (52), Officer and Investor Relations
    Officer   06/2014
Matias Granata (42), Officer   07/2014
Rodrigo Luis Rosa Couto (41), Officer   01/2012
Sergio Mychkis Goldstein (39), Officer   04/2016
Wagner Bettini Sanches (45), Officer   06/2014
Audit Committee(3) (5 members)
Antonio Francisco de Lima Neto (51), Independent
    Member   07/2015
Diego Fresco Gutierrez (46), Independent Member
    and Financial Expert   04/2014
Geraldo Travaglia Filho (65), Independent Member   03/2013
Maria Helena dos Santos Fernandes de Santana
    (57), Independent Member   06/2014
Rogério Paulo Calderón Peres (54),
    Independent Member   11/2016
Fiscal Council (3) (3 members)
Alkimar Ribeiro Moura (75), Independent Member   04/2016
Carlos Roberto de Albuquerque Sá (66),
    Independent Member   04/2016
José Caruso Cruz Henriques (69), Independent
    Member   04/2016

(1)   Includes individuals that are not members of our Board
of Directors: Israel Vainboim.

(2)   Includes individuals that are not members of our Board
of Directors or employees of the Itaú Unibanco Group: Alessandro Profumo, André Lara Rezende, Andres Velasco, Angel
Corcóstegui, Pascal Lamy, Pedro Sampaio Malan, Vikram Pandit.

(3)   Independence criteria for the members of the Board of Directors,
Audit Committee and Fiscal Council are diverse, under our policies and applicable regulations in force.

President   Member   Independent Member   also Member of the Board of Directors

A-
62

Board of Directors

Pedro Moreira Salles (Chairman)
has
held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including Vice Chairman of the Board

of Directors (February
2010 to April 2012) of Banco Itaú BBA S.A.; Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (March 2008 to November 2008) and CEO
of Unibanco Holdings S.A. (March 2007 to November 2008); Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO at Unibanco – União
de Bancos Brasileiros S.A. (September 2004 to November 2008) and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Unibanco Seguros S.A. (December
1995 to February 2009).

He has also been Member of the Board of
Directors of Totvs S.A. since March 2010; Chairman and Member of the Board of Directors of Companhia E. Johnston de Participações
since 2008 and CEO since 2015; Member of the Board of Directors (November 2008 to June 2015) and CEO since June 2015 at IUPAR
having previously served as Chairman (November 2008 to April 2012) and Chairman of the Board of Directors of FEBRABAN since march
2017.

He also served as Vice Chairman of the Board
of Directors of Porto Seguro S.A. (November 2009 to March 2012) and as Chairman of the Board of Directors of E. Johnston Representação
e Participações S.A. (2001 to February 2009).

He has a Bachelor’s degree, magna cum laude, in Economics
and History from the University of California, Los Angeles.

He also attended the international relations
master’s program at Yale University and the OPM – Owner/President Management Program at Harvard University both in
the United States.

Alfredo Egydio Arruda Villela Filho
(Vice Chairman)
has been Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 2003.

He has also served as Member of
the Board of Directors since April 1997; being Vice Chairman since January 2010; and having been Chairman (April 2009 to
January 2010) and Vice Chairman (April 1997 to April 2009) of Itautec S.A.; Member of the Board of Directors (April 2004 to
April 2010), being the Board’s Chairman (April 2009 to November 2009) and Vice Chairman (April 2004 to April 2009 and
November 2009 to April 2010) of Elekeiroz S.A.; Member of the Board of Directors since 1996, being the Board’s Vice
Chairman since 2008 of Duratex S.A.; Member of the Board of Directors since August 1995, serving as Chairman since May 2015
and CEO (September 2009 to May 2015) of Itaúsa.

He has also been Member of the Itaú
Unibanco Group serving as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Itaú Unibanco (August 2002 to March 2003).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical
Engineering from Escola de Engenharia Mauá of Instituto Mauá de Tecnologia (IMT) and Postgraduate degree in Business
Administration from
Fundação Getulio Vargas
 (FGV) both in Brazil.

Roberto Egydio Setubal (Vice Chairman)

is currently the CEO of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. He has overseen the

commercial operations of Banco Itaú
since 1984 being appointed Chief Executive Officer (April 1994 to March 2015); General Manager (July 1990 to April 1994) and Member
of the Board of Directors from May 1991 to March 2003 at Itaú Unibanco S.A. In his career at the Bank, he held several
positions in the controlling, products and sales areas.

Since 1995 he is member of the International
Monetary Conference and he became President of IMC in June, 2010. From 1997 up to 2000, he was the elected President of FEBRABAN
(Federação Brasileira de Bancos). He is also Vice Chairman of the IIF (Institute of International Finance) and of
its Steering Committee of Crisis Prevention and Capital Adequacy. In 2000 he became member of the Trilateral Commission. In 2002
he became member of the International Advisory Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. In 2003 he was appointed to
the Board Member of Brazilian Economic & Social Development Council (CDES). In 2010 he became Member of the China Development
Forum. He is founding member and President of the Executive Committee of Fundação Itaú Social that has developed
various social programs in partnership with UNICEF and other NGOs. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of Instituto
Itaú Cultural and member of the Economic and Social Development Council of the Presidency of Brazil (CDES) since November
2016.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Production
Engineering from Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo (USP) in Brazil and a Master’s degree in
Science Engineering from Stanford University in the United States.

Alfredo Egydio Setubal (Member)
has
held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including Vice President

(April 1996 to March 2015); Executive
Officer (May 1993 to June 1996), Managing Officer (between 1988 and 1993) and Investor Relations Officer (1995 to 2003) of Itaú
Unibanco.

He has also served as Vice Chairman of the
Board of Directors since September 2008; CEO and Investor Relations Officer since May 2015 of Itaúsa; Advisory Board Member
of the Securities Dealers’ Association (ADEVAL) since 1993; Financial Officer for the São Paulo Museum of Modern
Art (MAM) since 1992 and of ABRASCA since 1999.

He was Chairman of the Higher Committee for
Guidance, Nomination and Ethics since 2009 and Member of the Board of Directors (1999 to 2009) of IBRI. He was Vice President
(1994 to August 2003) and President (August 2003 to August 2008), of the National Association of Investment Banks (ANBID) (now
Brazilian Financial and Capital Markets Association – ANBIMA).

He has a Bachelor’s and Postgraduate degrees in Business
Administration from FGV in Brazil with specialization course at INSEAD (France).

Candido Botelho Bracher (Member)
has
been Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (March 2013 to April 2015) and

CEO of Banco Itaú BBA S.A. (August 2005
to December 2016). He has been the wholesale General Manager of Itaú Unibanco Holding since April 2015.

He has been Member of the Board of Directors
of the São Paulo Stock Exchange – BM&FBovespa S.A. (April 2009 to June 2014); Alternate Member of the Board of
Directors (September 1999 to June 2005) and Member of the Board of Directors (June 2005 to

A-
63

March 2013) of Pão de Açúcar
– Cia. Brasileira de Distribuição. He was Vice President of Banco Itaú BBA S.A. (February 2003 to August
2005) where he was responsible for the Commercial, Capital Markets and Human Resources Policies units. He served as Officer at
Banco Itaú BBA Creditanstalt S.A. (1988 to 2003).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from
FGV in Brazil.

Demosthenes Madureira de Pinho Neto (Member)

served as Executive Officer of Itaú Unibanco (November 2008 to

January 2012).

He was Vice President at Banco Itaú
BBA S.A. (November 2008 to April 2009); Vice President at Unibanco (December 2004 to April 2009); Executive Officer at Unibanco
Asset Management (August 2002 to July 2005).

He was Vice President of the National Association
of Investment Banks (ANBID) (2000 to 2003); Chief Executive Officer at Dresdner Asset Management (November 1999 to 2002); Director
of Foreign Affairs at the Central Bank (1997 to March 1999) and General Monetary and Financial Policy Coordinator for the Ministry
of Finance (1993).

He has a Bachelor’s and Master’s
degrees in Economics from
Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro
 (PUC-Rio) in Brazil and a Ph.D
in Economics from the University of California in the United States.

Fábio Colletti Barbosa (Independent
Member)
was Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A.

(January 2011 to September 2011) and
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banco Santander S.A. (August 2008 to December 2010); Chief Executive Officer of Banco Real
S.A. (1998 to 2008).

He was Chairman of Abril Comunicações
S.A. (September 2011 to March 2014); Chairman of the Board of Directors of Fundação OSESP since 2012; Member of
the Deliberative Council of Insper Institute of Education and Research since 2010; Member of the Board of UN Foundation (United
Nations Foundation – USA) since 2011; Member of the Board of Instituto Empreender Endeavor since 2008; Member of the Board
of ALMar Participações S.A. since 2013; Member of the Consulting Council of Vox Capital – Investments since
2012 and Member of the Investment Policies Committee of Gavea Investments since September 2015.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from
Faculdade de Economia of FGV in Brazil, and Master in Business Administration from the Institute for Management and Development,
Lausanne.

Gustavo Jorge Laboissière Loyola
(Independent Member)
was Chairman of the Fiscal Council (March 2003 to April

2006) and Chairman of the Audit Committee
(September 2008 to April 2014) at Itaú Unibanco Holding. He has been a Partner at Tendências Consultoria Integrada
S/S Ltda. since November 2002 and Tendências Conhecimento Assessoria Econômica Ltda. since July 2003. He has also
been Managing Partner at Gustavo Loyola Consultoria S/C since February 1998. He served as governor of the Central Bank (November
1992 to March 1993 and June 1995 to August 1997) and as deputy governor for Financial System Regulations and Organization of the
National Financial System at the Central Bank (March 1990 to November 1992).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Economics
from
Universidade de Brasília
 (UnB) and a Ph.D in Economics from FGV, both in Brazil.

José Galló (Independent Member)

was Member of the Board of Directors since April 2016 and member of the Personnel

Committee since June 2016 at Itaú
Unibanco Holding.

He has been member of the Board of Directors
since 1998, having held the positions of Chairman of the Board of Directors between 1999 and 2005; Chief Executive Officer since
March 1999; and Managing Director (September 1991 to March 1999) at Lojas Renner S.A.

He has also been Officer since September 2005
at Renner Administradora de Cartões de Crédito Ltda. and Dromegon Participações Ltda.; Officer since
August 2008 at LR Investimentos Ltda.; Officer since December 2015 at Realize Participações S.A.; Officer since
March 1987 at Rumos Consultoria Empresarial Ltda.; Member of the Board of Directors between April 2007 and May 2016 at SLC Agrícola
S.A.; Member of the Board of Directors since October 2010 at Localiza Rent a Car S.A. and Member of the Board of Directors since
July 2004 at IDV - Instituto para Desenvolvimento do Varejo; Member of the Deliberative Council since June 2008 at Instituto Lojas
Renner; Vice President since June 2004 at Store Directors Chamber (CDL) of Porto Alegre.

He has a Bachelor´s degree in Business
Administration from Escola de Administração de Empresas de São Paulo - Fundação Getúlio
Vargas in 1974.

Nildemar Secches (Independent Member)
is
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Weg S.A. since 1998; Vice

Chairman of the Board of Directors of Iochpe-Maxion
since 2004; Member of the Board of Directors of Suzano Papel e Celulose since May 2008 and of Ultrapar S.A. since April 2002.

He was CEO of Perdigão S.A. (January
1995 to October 2008); General Corporate Officer of the Iochpe-Maxion Group (1990 to 1994). He served as Director of BNDES (1987
to 1990) and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Brasil Foods - BRF S.A. (April 2007 to April 2013). He served as President
of the Association of Chicken Producers and Exporters (2001 to 2003).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical
Engineering from USP, in São Carlos, a Ph.D in Economics from
Universidade

Estadual de Campinas
(UNICAMP)
and a Postgraduate degree in Finance from PUC-Rio, in Brazil.

A-
64

Pedro Luiz Bodin de Moraes (Independent
Member)
served as Member of the Board of Directors at Unibanco (July 2003

to December 2008). He was Officer and Partner
at Banco Icatu S.A. (1993 to 2002). He has been Partner since 2003 and Officer (2002 to 2003) at Icatu Holding S.A. He served
as Monetary Policy Director of the Central Bank (1991 to 1992) and Director of BNDES (1990 to 1991).

He has a Bachelor’s and Master’s
degrees in Economics from PUC-Rio in Brazil and Ph.D. in Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the
United States.

Ricardo Villela Marino (Member)
has
served Itaú Unibanco Group as Vice President of Itaú Unibanco since August 2010.

He served as Executive Officer
(September 2006 to August 2010), Senior Managing Director (August 2005 to September 2006), Managing Director (December 2004 to
August 2005) at Itaú Unibanco. He has served as Alternate Member of the Board of Directors of Itaúsa since April
2011.

He has served as Alternate Member of the Board
of Directors of Duratex S.A., Elekeiroz S.A. and Itautec S.A. since April 2009. He was President of the Latin American Federation
of Banks (FELABAN) (2008 to 2010).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering
from Escola Politécnica at USP in Brazil and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from MIT Sloan School
of Management, Cambridge in the United States.

Board of Officers

The résumés of Mr. Roberto Egydio
Setubal (Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) and Mr. Candido Botelho Bracher (Member of the Board) are detailed above,
in the Board of Directors item.

Eduardo Mazzilli de Vassimon (General Manager)

has held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including

Vice President of Itaú Unibanco Holding
(April 2015 to December 2016); Vice President of Itaú Unibanco since March 2013 and Member of the Board of Directors (November
2004 to April 2015) and Chief Executive Officer (since December 2016) of Banco Itaú BBA S.A.

He also served as Vice President of Banco
Itaú BBA S.A. (November 2004 to December 2008), and was responsible for the international, financial institutions, products,
client desk and treasury departments. He has served as General Manager of Itaú Unibanco (1980 to 1990). He has served as
member of the Board of Directors at Investimentos Bemge S.A. since February 2013. He worked as Deputy Foreign Exchange Director
(1990 to 1991) and as International Unit Director (1992 to 2003) of Banco BBA-Creditanstalt S.A. He has a Bachelor’s degree
in Economics from Faculdade de Economia at USP (1980) and in Business Administration from FGV (1980). He also has Master’s
degrees from the São Paulo Business Administration School at FGV (1982) and from
École dês Hautes Études
Commerciales
(1982) in France.

Márcio de Andrade Schettini (General
Manager)
has served the Itaú Unibanco Group as General Manager since April

2015 and Vice President (November
2008 to March 2015) of Itaú Unibanco.

He has served as Vice President (April 2004 to April 2009) at Unibanco.

He has a Bacharelor’s degree in Engineering
and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from PUC-Rio, where he also specialized in mathematical models. He also attended
the Administration program for Owners and Presidents at Harvard University.

Marco Ambrogio Crespi Bonomi (General Manager)

has served Itaú Unibanco Group as a General Manager since April

2015 and Vice President (April 2007 to March
2015); Executive Director (April 2004 to April 2007); Senior Managing Director (October 2000 to April 2004); Managing Director
(August 1998 to October 2000) of Itaú Unibanco.

He has served as Executive Director (November
2008 to June 2014) of Unibanco; Vice President (April 2004 to April 2011) of ACREFI – National Association of Credit.

He has a Bacharelor´s degree in Economics from
Fundação
Armando Alvares Penteado
(FAAP) (1978), Executive Financial courses at FGV (1982) and Capital Markets at

New York University
(1984).

André Sapoznik (Vice President)

has held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including Vice President of

Itaú Unibanco Holding
since December 2016; Executive Officer since December 2011 and Officer from April 2009 to December 2011 at Itaú Unibanco.
He joined Unibanco in 1998.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Production
Engineering from Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo and an MBA from Stanford University Graduate School
of Business.

Caio Ibrahim David (Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer)
has held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco

Group including Vice President
of Itaú Unibanco Holding since December 2016; Executive Officer from June 2010 to April 2015 and member of the Disclosure
and Trading Committee since July 2010.

He has also served as Vice President since
July 2013; Executive Officer from August 2010 to July 2013 and was responsible for the area of finance at Itaú Unibanco
S.A. He joined the Itaú group in 1987 as a trainee, working in the areas of accounting and control of market and liquidity
risks.

A-
65

He is member of the Board of Directors since
April 2012 and Executive Vice President from October 2010 to April 2013 at Investimentos Bemge S.A.; Member of the Board of Directors
since July 2010 at Dibens Leasing S.A. - Arrendamento Mercantil; Executive Officer from April 2010 to April 2013 and Chief Executive
Officer from May 2013 to March 2015 at Itauseg Participações S.A.; Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors from June
2010 to December 2012 and member of the Board of Directors from May 2010 to December 2012 at Redecard S.A.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in
Engineering from Universidade Mackenzie (1986 to 1990), with Postgraduate studies in Economics and Finance (1992 to 1993)
from Universidadede São Paulo and a Masters degree in Controllership from Universidade de São Paulo (1994 to
1997) and an MBA from New York University (1997 to 1999) with specialization in Finance, Accounting and International
Business.

Claudia Politanski (Vice President)
has
held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including Vice President

since April 2015 at Itaú Unibanco
Holding, having been Executive Officer (November 2008 to March 2015); Vice President of Itaú Unibanco since July 2013.
She is currently responsible for the Legal, Institutional & People areas and serves as general legal counsel.

She joined Unibanco in 1991 and became Executive
Officer (August 2007 to July 2014); Officer (February 2006 to August 2007) and Deputy Officer (July 2003 to February 2006). She
was also Executive Officer of Itaú Unibanco (February 2010 to July 2013).

She has a Bachelor’s degree in Law from
USP and an MBA from Fundação Dom Cabral, in Minas Gerais, both in Brazil. She also has a Master of Laws (L.L.M.)
from the University of Virginia in the United States.

Alexsandro Broedel Lopes (Executive Officer)

has served the Itaú Unibanco Group as Finance Executive Officer since

March 2015 and Chief Accountant and Controller
(May 2012 to March 2015).

He has also been Officer at Investimentos
Bemge S.A. since June 2012 and Officer at Dibens Leasing S.A. – Arrendamento Mercantil since August 2012.

He is Member of the Board of Directors of
CETIP (since May 2013), IRB Brasil Resseguros (since 2015) and IIRC (International Integrated Report Committee since 2014). He
has also been a Member of the Accounting Standards Advisory Forum (ASAF) of the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB)
since 2010. His academic activities include a part-time Professorship at Universidade de São Paulo (Accounting and Law
Schools) and a visiting appointment at the London School of Economics (LSE).

Previously, he served as Commissioner at the
Securities and Exchange Commission of Brazil (2010 to 2012), Member of the Audit Committee of BMF&Bovespa in 2012 and Consultant
at Mattos Filho Advogados (2008 to 2009). Alexsandro is a Chartered Management Accountant (FCMA and CGMA), has a Ph.D. in Accounting
and Finance from the Manchester Business School (2008) and degrees in both Accounting (BSc) and Law (LLB) at the Universidade
de São Paulo.

Fernando Barçante Tostes Malta (Executive
Officer)
has served the Itaú Unibanco Group as Executive Officer since

March 2015 and Operations Area Manager
(2008 to March 2015) at Itaú Unibanco.

He served Unibanco – União de
Bancos Brasileiros S.A. (1995 to 2008) in charge of managing the Channel, Branch, Institutional Portfolio areas and participated
in several projects/initiatives.

He has a Bachelor´s degree in Information
Technology from PUC Rio de Janeiro; MBA at Fundação D. Cabral and Advance Course in Bank Management at the Swiss
Finance Institute.

Leila Cristiane Barboza Braga de Melo (Executive
Officer)
has held several positions in the Legal Department of Itaú

Unibanco Group including the current position
of Executive Officer (since April 2015 at Itaú Unibanco) and Officer (February 2010 to March 2015).

She was Deputy Officer at Unibanco (October
2008 to April 2009). She joined Unibanco in 1997 and was initially responsible for providing legal assistance on banking transactions
involving banking, credit card, mortgage and vehicles, and projects related to mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructuring
and capital markets, among others.

In 2000 and 2001 she worked in the Project
Finance and Securities areas at Debevoise & Plimpton in NY. She is also member of W.I.L.L. – Women in Leadership in
Latin America, an organization with international coverage that focuses on enhancing the individual and collective value of women
in leadership positions in Latin America.

She has a Bachelor’s degree in Law from
USP, and a specialization in Corporate Law with emphasis in Corporate Finance and Capital Markets from Instituto Brasileiro de
Mercado de
Capitais
 (IBMEC), and a specialization on the Fundamentals of Business Law from New York University (NYU) (2001).

Paulo Sergio Miron (Executive Officer)

has held several positions within PricewaterhouseCoopers in São Paulo, he served as

partner (1996 to 2015),
being responsible for the audit work for large Brazilian Financial Conglomerates, among them: Unibanco (1997 to 2000), Banco do
Brasil (2001 to 2005) and Itaú Unibanco (2009 to 2013); in Brasília he served as partner (2001 to 2008), being in
charge of government related services (2004 to 2008) and banking (1997 to 2008). At PricewaterhouseCoopers, he was also the training
area coordinator for over 10 years and served as a University professor for a few years on matters related to the financial market.

He is Member of the Brazilian Institute of
Accountants and speaker at various seminars related to financial instruments and audit.

A-
66

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting
from
Universidade São Judas Tadeu
 and in Economics from Universidade Mackenzie, both in Brazil.

Adriano Cabral Volpini (Officer)
has
held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including Corporate Safety

Officer since July 2012; Senior
Manager of Illicit Act Prevention (August 2005 to March 2012); Manager of Illicit Act Prevention (January 2004 to July 2005);
Inspection Manager (June 2003 to December 2003); Inspector (January 1998 to March 2003); Auditor (May 1996 to December 1997);
Branch Operational Area (March 1991 to April 1996) of Itaú Unibanco.

He has been Officer since January 2014; Executive Officer (June
2012 to January 2014) at Dibens Leasing S.A.

He has a Bachelor’s
degree in Social Communications from FAAP (1991-1995); a Postgraduate degree in Accounting and Financial Administration from FAAP
(1998-2000); and an MBA in Finance from IBMEC (2000 to 2002).

Álvaro Felipe Rizzi Rodrigues (Officer)

has served as Officer since October 2014 at Itaú Unibanco. Before that, he was our

Legal Superintendent (July
2008 to October 2014) and Legal Manager (March 2006 to July 2008). He has been working on the coordination and supervision of
the Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Department, the Corporate and Corporate Governance Legal Department, the Corporate Affairs
Paralegal Department, the Contracts, Intellectual Property and Third Sector Legal Department, as well as the International Legal
Department (responsible for the matrix management of the legal teams of the Itaú Unibanco Conglomerate’s foreign
units and for the monitoring and assessment of the main legal issues related to these units).

Before joining Itaú Unibanco, he practiced
Corporate and Contracts Law (August 1998 to February 2005) at Tozzini Freire Advogados.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Law from USP Law School, class
of 1999, a specialization diploma in Corporate Law from
Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo

(PUC-SP) in 2001, and a Master´s degree in Law (LL.M). from Columbia University’s School of Law in New York (2004).

Atilio Luiz Magila Albiero Junior (Officer)

has held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including as an

Officer since June 2015; Senior Manager
– Financial Planning (March 2011 to May 2014), having as his principal activities budget preparation, closing of the results
for the month, generation of the P&L for several levels; Senior Planning Manager – Retail (May 2008 to February 2011),
his principal activities being budget preparation, capacity models, AGIR for the operational and projects area; Senior Manager
for Corporate Products (January 2007 to April 2008), having responsibility for the electronic channels for Corporate Entities
and Cash Management; Manager for Corporate Products (May 2002 to December 2006); Company Products Analyst (January 2000 to April
2002); Intern (September 1999 to December 1999) at Itaú Unibanco S.A.

He has an undergraduate course in Electronic
Engineering from Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica (ITA) (1995 to 1999); Lato-Sensu postgraduate course in Business
Administration from Fundação Getúlio Vargas – EAESP (2000 to 2002); MBA with Emphasis on Finance from
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) (2004 to 2006).

Eduardo Hiroyuki Miyaki (Officer)
served
the Itaú Unibanco Group as Officer at Itaú Unibanco (August 2010 to August

2011).

He was Compliance Manager and Officer in the
Money Laundering Prevention program of Itaú Unibanco (1996 to 2003). He was the manager responsible for the Internal Audit
Department of our Asset Management and Treasury units (2003 to 2004). He was also the manager of our Internal Audit, Capital Markets,
Insurance and Securities units (2005 to 2010).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Civil
Engineering from USP and a Postgraduate degree in Sanitation from Gunma University, in Japan. He also has a Postgraduate degree
in Business Administration from FGV. He has an MBA degree in Finance and Foreign Affairs from New York University, Leonard Stern
School of Business in the United States.

Emerson Macedo Bortoloto (Officer)
joined
Itaú Unibanco in July 2003, holding positions in the Internal Audit Department.

Since November 2008, he has been
responsible for evaluating processes related to market, credit and operational risks, in addition to auditing projects and continuous
audit. He was also responsible for audits in the processes of information technology and retail credit analysis and granting.
He also worked at Ernst & Young Auditores Independentes (May 2001 to June 2003). He worked at Banco Bandeirantes S.A. (1992
to 2001) and was responsible for performing IT and operational process audits.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Data Processing
Technology from Faculdades Integradas Tibiriça and Postgraduate degree in Audit and Consultancy in Information Security
from Faculdades Associadas de São Paulo (FASP). In 2004, he obtained the CISA certification issued by ISACA. He has an
MBA degree in Internal Audit from
Fundação Instituto de Pesquisas

Contábeis, Atuariais e Financeiras

(FIPECAFI).

Gilberto Frussa (Officer)
has held
several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including as Officer since 2014 at Itaú

Unibanco S.A. Between
1989 and 1993 he held the positions of Lawyer and Legal Manager. Since 1993 he holds the position of Legal Manager and Coordinator.

He also served as Officer (June 2006 to February
2016) at Banco Itaú BBA S.A. and is a partner of law firm Carvalho Pinto, Monteiro de Barros, Frussa e Bohlsen –
Advogados.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Law from Universidade de São
Paulo in 1989.

A-
67

José Virgilio Vita Neto (Officer)
has served as Officer
since October 2011 at Itaú Unibanco.

He joined Unibanco in January 2001, as a lawyer
until June 2003, as a member of the legal team in charge of the wholesale banking legal advisory areas and real estate finance.
From June 2003 to December 2005, acted as Legal Manager, leading the legal team in charge of the legal advisory services to the
wholesale bank and project finance; From January 2006 to March 2011, acted as Legal Manager of retail legal advisory services.
Since March 2011, as Legal Officer, he has been leading the legal team responsible for litigation, including labor, tax and civil
litigation.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Law from
Universidade de São Paulo in 2000; Master´s degree in Civil Law – Contracts from Universidad de Salamanca –
Spain, in 2006; and PhD in Civil Law – Contracts from Universidade de São Paulo, in 2007.

Marcelo Kopel (Officer)
was an
Executive Officer at Redecard S.A. (May 2010 to July 2014) and has been Officer at Itaú

Unibanco since July
2014. He also worked as Officer at Banco Credicard S.A. (November 2004 to February 2010), Financial Officer at Banco Citibank
S.A. (2006 to 2010) and ING Bank in Brazil (1992 to 1998) and for Latin America (1998 to 2002). At Bank of America he worked
as Financial Officer accumulating the position of Operations Officer (2002 to 2003). He has served as Investor Relations
Officer at Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. since February 2015.

He has a degree in Business Administration from FAAP in Brazil.

Matias Granata (Officer)
has held several
positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including as Officer since July 2014;

Senior Manager for Market Risk from
October 2010 to April 2014; and Senior Manager for Operational Risk from March 2009 to October 2010 at Itaú Unibanco.

He also served as Senior Treasury Trader –
Proprietary Desk São Paulo (August 2007 to March 2009); Senior Treasury Trader – Proprietary Desk London (August
2004 to August 2007), Treasury Trader – Proprietary Desk, São Paulo (April 2003 to August 2004); Senior Economic
Research Economist (May 2002 to April 2003).

He has a Master of Arts – International
Economic Policy from the University of Warwick, UK. British Chevening Scholarship (2000-2001); a Master’s degree in Economics
from
Universidad Torcuato Di Tella
 (UTDT), Argentina (1998-2000) and completed a Degree Course in Economics from
Universidad
de Buenos Aires
 (UBA), Argentina (1992-1997).

Rodrigo Luís Rosa Couto (Officer)

has held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including as Officer since

January 2012 and Head of
Corporate Risks (February 2008 to December 2011) at Itaú Unibanco Holding and Officer since December 2011 at Itaú
Unibanco.

He has served as Officer at Dibens Leasing
S.A. – Arrendamento Mercantil since January 2014. He worked as Inspector of the Direct Supervision Department – DESUP
at Central Bank (1988 to 2003), Financial Stability Institute of BIS where he carried out an internship during which he participated
in the preparation and lectured in a preparation course for bank supervisors of regulatory authorities worldwide (April to June
2003). He served at McKinsey & Company Associate as Consultant Member of the Risk Management Practice and Specialist in Risk
and Finance subjects (September 2005 to February 2008).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Administration,
with an emphasis on Finance, from Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul (UFRS) (1997) in Brazil and an MBA with honors from
The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania (2005) in the United States.

Sergio Mychkis Goldstein (Officer)
has
held several positions within the Itaú Unibanco Group including as an Officer since

December 2015 at Itaú
Unibanco.

He also served as Officer since December 2015;
General Legal Manager for the General Director’s Office for Wholesale (2000 to November 2015), responsible for the Legal
Department for Wholesale providing legal services for the following business areas/lines: (i) Investment Banking: coordinating
services for fixed income, equity income and M&A operations, as well as structured operations; (ii) Treasury: coordinating
services for treasury operations, especially funding for the retail sector, private segment and institutional investors; (iii)
Wealth Management Services: coordinating services for Itaú Group’s asset management operations, Private Banking and
the activities of custody, administration and management of own and third party funds; (iv) Restricted Lending Funds and On-Lending:
coordinating services with respect to the demands of the corporate bank in relation to operations involving restricted resources
(rural and mortgage lending) and on-lending operations with Development Bank (BNDES) funds and for lines raised abroad; (v) Debt
Restructuring: coordinating services with respect to the demands of the debt restructuring area both for the major corporations
area as well as the larger middle-market companies segment, operating essentially in contractual restructurings – with the
exception of court enforced restructuring; (vi) Cross-border loans/F/X: coordinating services with respect to the demands for
the execution of foreign loans and cross-border lending; (vii) High Volumes: coordinating services with reference to the demands
involving bank lending products such as simple working capital loans, buying and selling, assignment and discount operations at
Banco Itaú BBA S.A.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Law from
Pontifícia Universidade Católica (PUC), São Paulo (SP) in 2000, and a Master’s degree in Banking and
Finance from the Law Faculty, Boston University, Boston (MA) in 2004.

A-
68

Wagner Bettini Sanches (Officer)
has
been Officer of the Itaú Unibanco Group and Officer since June 2014 at Itaú Unibanco

Holding and Officer
since October 2011 at Itaú Unibanco and Officer (November 2012 to June/2014) at Banco Itaú BMG Consignado S.A.

He previously held a number of positions within
the Itaú Unibanco Group, including Company Market Consultancy Analyst (1996 to 1999); Coordinator of the Company Market
Consultancy (1999 to 2000); Manager of the Company Market Consultancy (2000 to 2001); Manager of the Corporate Credit –
Company Market (2003 to 2007); Senior Manager of the Commercial Corporate Real Estate, in charge of the commercial relationship
with real estate developers throughout the country (2007 and 2008); Senior Manager of Credit and Collection of Real Estate Lending
Operations, in charge of the lending desk to individuals, credit analysis of companies, planning, monitoring of projects, management
of collection and operational and litigation collections as from 2009 of Itaú Unibanco.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Production
Engineering from Escola Politécnica at USP in Brazil; a Post-graduate degree from the University of Michigan; an MBA with
high distinction, with an emphasis on Finance and Strategy from the Ross School Business in the United States (2003).

Audit Committee

Antonio Francisco de Lima Neto (Independent
Member)
served as President (August 2009 to October 2013) at Banco Fibra

S.A.

He has worked as President (December 2006
to April 2009); Vice President of Retail and Distribution (July 2005 to December 2006); Vice President of International Business
and wholesale (November 2004 to July 2005); Commercial Director (September 2001 to November 2004); Executive Superintendent of
the Commercial Board (July 2000 to September 2001); Tocantins State Superintendent (May 1999 to May 2000) and Regional Superintendent
of Belo Horizonte (January 1997 to May 1999) at Banco do Brasil S.A.

He has also served as Member of the Board
of Directors (2007 to 2009) at Brasilprev Seguros e Previdência S.A.; Member of the Board of Directors (2006 to 2009) at
FEBRABAN Brazilian Federation of Banks; Member of the Board of Directors (2004 to 2005) at BB Seguridade e Participações
S.A; Member of the Board of Directors (2003 to 2005) at Brasilsaúde Companhia de Seguros; Member of the Board of Directors
(2001 to 2009) at Alliance Insurance Company of Brazil; Member of the Board of Directors (2000 to 2007) at BB Securities Limited
Pension Fund.

He is pursuing a Master’s degree in
Economics at FGV since January 2014. He has a Course for Advisors from the Brazilian Institute of Corporate Governance (2014);
a Postgraduate degree in Marketing from PUC-Rio (2001); Training for Executive MBA from Fundação Dom Cabral (1997).
He has a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from
Universidade Federal de

Pernambuco
(UFPE), 1996.

Diego Fresco Gutierrez (Independent Member
and Financial Expert)
has served as an independent consultant on complex

issues of financial reporting, particularly
to companies doubly listed (in Brazil and in the United States) since June 2013. He was a partner at PwC – São Paulo
(2000 to June 2013) in the Capital Markets and Accounting Advisory Services area and prior to that held several positions at PwC
in Uruguay (1998 to 2000 and 1990 to 1997) and in the United States (1997 to 1998).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting
from
Universidad de la Republica Oriental del Uruguay
 in 1994. He is a Certified Public Accountant CPA registered in the
State of Virginia (United States) since 2002 (Registration 27,245) and an Accountant registered with the Regional Council of Accountancy
of the State of São Paulo. He has also served in the Brazilian Institute of Corporate Governance as Member of the Commission
of Governance in Financial Institutions since 2013.

Geraldo Travaglia Filho (Independent Member)

served as Executive Officer of Itaú Unibanco and Itaú Unibanco Holding

(November 2008 to April 2009)
and Executive Officer at Banco Itaú BBA S.A. (November 2008 to January 2010) and as Financial Executive Officer of Redecard
S.A. (May 2009 to April 2010). He served as Vice President at Unibanco (September 2004 to April 2009).

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Business
Administration from USP in Brazil and a specialization in Bank Management from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
in the United States.

Maria Helena dos Santos Fernandes de Santana
(Independent Member)
has served as Member of the Board of Directors

and Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee
at Companhia Brasileira de Distribuição S.A. since 2013; Member of the Board of Directors and Coordinator of the
Audit Committee at Totvs S.A. since 2013; Member of the Board of Directors of Bolsas y Mercados Españoles – BME since
2016 and Member of the Board of Trustees of the IFRS Foundation since January 2014. She was Member of the Board of Directors at
CPFL Energia S.A. (2013 to 2015); Chairperson (July 2007 to July 2012) and Commissioner (July 2006 to July 2007) at CVM; Chairperson
of the Executive Committee (2010 to 2012) at the International Organization of Securities Commissions, (IOSCO); Vice President
(2004 to 2006) at the Brazilian Institute of Corporate Governance (IBGC -
Instituto Brasileiro de Governança Corporativa
,
or IBGC). Worked for BOVESPA – São Paulo Stock Exchange (now BM&FBovespa S.A.) for 12 years, acting as Head of
Listings and Issuer Relations (2000 to June 2006). She was involved, since the beginning, with the creation of the Novo Mercado
and the Corporate Governance Listing Tiers, having been in charge of their implementation.

She has a Bachelor’s degree in Economics
from
Faculdade de Economia, Administração e Contabilidade da Universidade

de São Paulo
(FEA-USP)
in Brazil.

A-
69

Rogério Paulo Calderón Peres
(Independent Member)
has served as Member of the Audit Committee since November

2016; Officer from April 2011 to April
2014; Member of the Disclosure and Trading Committee from June 2009 to April 2014 at Itaú Unibanco Holding and Officer
from April 2009 to April 2014 at Itaú Unibanco.

He has also served as CFO for Latin America,
Member of the Financial Management Council and Member of the Administrative Committee for Latin America from July 2014 to October
2016 at HSBC Group. He served as Managing Vice-President from June 2012 to April 2013, Chairman of the Board of Directors and
CEO from April 2013 to April 2014 at Investimentos Bemge S.A.; Officer from April 2013 to April 2014 at Dibens Leasing S.A. –
Arrendamento Mercantil; Executive Officer from 2007 to 2009 at Unibanco – União de Bancos Brasileiros S.A.; Executive
Vice President from 2003 to 2006 at Bunge Group – Bunge Brasil S.A.; Member of the Board of Directors at Fosfertil, Ultrafertil
and Fertifos; Member of the Audit Committee at Bunge Foundation, Bungeprev and Fosfertil and Active partner in the divisions of
Audit, Tax and Consultancy for Agribusiness and Consumer and Retail Products at PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1981 to 2003.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in Business
Administration from Fundação Getúlio Vargas (State of Sao Paulo), and in Accounting from Fundação
Paulo Eiró (State of São Paulo), and Postgraduate degrees and special professional courses: E-Business Education
Series from the University of Virginia Darden School of Business. Executive M.B.A. from the University of Western Ontario, in
Canada, Case Studies in consumer and retail companies. Center for Executive Development Faculty at Princeton University, Business
Strategy and Organization. Continuing Education Management and Professional Training, Arundel, England. Executive Business Development
– Finance and Investment Decision Course – Analyzes and Measures at Fundação Getúlio Vargas (State
of São Paulo). Continuing Education Course at Harvard Business School, Making Corporate Boards More Effective – United
States.

Fiscal Council

Alkimar Ribeiro Moura (Independent Member)

has served as Member of the Fiscal Council since April 2016, being its

Chairman since August 2016; Member of the Audit
Committee (May 2010 to July 2015) at Itaú Unibanco Holding.

He is a retired Economics Professor at Escola
de Administração de Empresas de São Paulo - Fundação Getúlio Vargas – São
Paulo; Independent Member of the Supervisory Board (October 2007 to September 2010) at BM&FBovespa S.A.; Member of the Board
of Directors at Banco Nossa Caixa S.A. (May 2006 to February 2007); Telemar Participações S.A. (May 2001 to January
2003); Cia. Brasil de Seguros (May 2001 to February 2003); Banco Bandeirantes S.A. (May 1999 to December 2000); President of the
Investment Bank (April 2001 to January 2003) and Vice President of Finance and Capital Markets (April 2001 to January 2003) at
Banco do Brasil S.A.; Officer of the National Financial System for Norms and Organization (February 1996 to September 1997), Officer
of Monetary Policy (February 1994 to February 1996) and Officer of Public Debt and Open Market Operations (January 1987 to January
1988) at Central Bank of Brazil; Officer (March 1988 to March 1993) at Banco Pirelli-Fintec.

He has a Bachelor’s degree in
Economics, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Belo Horizonte in 1963, a Master’s degree from the University of
California, Berkeley, California in 1966, PhD in Applied Economics from the University of Stanford, California in 1978.

Carlos Roberto de Albuquerque Sá
(Independent Member)
has served as Member of the Fiscal Council since April 2016;

Alternate Member of the Fiscal Council
(April 2015 to April 2016) at Itaú Unibanco Holding.

He was Alternate Fiscal Councilor (March 2011
to October 2012) at Marfrig S.A.; Officer (March 2003 to December 2010) at KPMG Auditores Independentes; Risk Officer (March 1999
to December 2002) at Net Serviços de Comunicação S.A.; Finance and Administration Officer (March 1995 to
December 1998) at Sobremetal; Finance Officer (March 1991 to December 1994) at Castrol do Brasil Ltda.; Financial Controller (March
1986 to December 1988) at Schlumberger Serviços de Petróleo Ltda. and Financial Manager (March 1979 to December
1981) at Det Norske Veritas.

He graduated in Economics from Universidade
Candido Mendes in 1973 and.graduated in Accounting Sciences from Faculdade Moraes Júnior in 1981. He also holds a Postgraduate
degree in Finance from Pontifícia Universidade Católica - Rio de Janeiro in 1995.

José Caruso Cruz Henriques (Independent
Member)
has served as Alternate Member of the Fiscal Council since August

2011, having been made a full Member on May
03, 2016 at Itaú Unibanco Holding.

He has also served as Executive President since 2003 at Corhen
Serviços Ltda.

He was Managing Officer (1988 to August 2003)
at Itaú Unibanco; Officer (1997 to July 2003) at BFB Leasing S.A. – Arrendamento Mercantil; Member of the Board of
Directors (December 1994 to September 2003) at Banco Itauleasing S.A.; Officer (March 2000 to April 2003) at Banco Itaucard S.A.;
Managing Officer (April 1994 to July 2003) at Intrag Distribuidora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários Ltda.; Managing
Officer (July to October 2000) at Banco Itaú Cartões S.A. and Officer (April 1993 to April 2003) at Itautec Componentes
da Amazônia S.A. – Itaucam.

He holds a Bachelor´s degree in
Law from Universidade de São Paulo (SP) in 1971 and a Postgraduate degree in Business Administration from
Fundação Getúlio Vargas (SP) in 1979.

A-
70

Directors’ and senior management’s compensation

Our Compensation Policy, applicable to directors
and officers in Brazil (constituting a majority of the management of Itaú Unibanco Group), is in accordance with guidelines
provided under applicable Brazilian regulation and is built upon our principles and practices and is intended to better align
the interests of our stockholders and our management. Regarding variable compensation, the purpose of our Compensation Policy
is to attract, retain and reward management achievements, as well as to stimulate the adoption of prudent levels of risk exposure
in the short, medium and long term.

Accordingly, our Compensation Policy sets
forth that of the total aggregate variable compensation paid, at least 50% must be paid in shares or share-based instruments,
and at least 50% must be deferred for future payment in a minimum period of three years. If the institution or business unit records
a significant decrease in the realized recurring profit or a negative result during the deferral period, the deferred and unpaid
portions of the compensation will be reversed proportionally to the decrease in result (malus).

Our governance structure for the establishment
of compensation sets forth clear and transparent processes, and is overseen by the Compensation Committee. Among others, its responsibilities
comprise the formulation of our Compensation Policy, which must be submitted to the annual approval of the Board of Directors.
Additionally, our Compensation Committee acts as an important liaison with the Central Bank, increasing the accuracy and transparency
of information provided to this regulatory body. Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/CompensationCommittee.pdf
for further information.

We have established a variable
compensation plan pursuant to which each beneficiary is assigned annually a base amount for computation of payments. The
final payment amount to an individual is calculated by the multiplication of the individual’s base amount and key
performance indicators such as the consolidated results of the Itaú Unibanco Group, the results of the business unit
to which the individual belongs and the individual’s performance. The performance of directors and senior management is
measured by financial and non-financial metrics, with 80% linked to financial metrics and 20% linked to non-financial
metrics, on a median basis within Commercial areas. Back-office areas have 25% of their metrics linked to financial results
and 75% to non-financial results, also on a median basis. Commercial areas have their objectives mainly set to Managerial
Operational Results (similar to net profit), banking products, costs and client satisfaction’s survey results. The
objectives for back-office employees are mainly related to client satisfaction’s survey and costs.

We also have an institutional program called
Partners Program, comprised of members of management and employees approved by the Personnel Committee as having provided an outstanding
performance. The beneficiaries are entitled to use part or their total annual variable compensation to purchase our preferred
shares (Own Shares). If they hold the ownership of these own shares for three- and five-year terms as from the initial investment,
the return on investment will be through the receipt of our preferred shares (Partners Shares) also for three- and five-year terms.
These partners’ shares will subsequently remain unavailable for five- and eight-year terms as from the initial investment
in own shares. The Partners Program may also consider instruments derived from shares rather than actual shares.

In 2016, we recorded expenses at Itaú
Unibanco Group for our management compensation, including long-term incentives plans (except Stock Option Plan) in the amount
of approximately R$ 622 million. Our long-term incentive plans take into consideration amounts granted in the past but that are
still being recorded. Management compensation also considers contributions to pension plans of approximately R$ 11.8 million and
other benefits, such as health and dental care, of approximately R$ 2.8 million. Please refer to section Performance, item Complete
Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 35 – Related Parties – (b) Compensation of the Key Management Personnel, for further
details.

Brazilian legislation does not require the
disclosure of individual compensation of our management, except for the highest and lowest amount received, and it is not necessary
to identify those individuals. The Brazilian Institute of Finance Executives of Rio de Janeiro (
Instituto Brasileiro de Executivos
de Finanças
, or IBEF Rio de Janeiro) filed, on behalf of its members, a lawsuit challenging the legality of this disclosure
requirement, and an injunction was granted to suspend such requirement. We do not intend to make this disclosure until the matter
is finally determined. Please refer to section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment, Compensation of directors and
Officers of financial institutions, for further information.

Our Compensation Policy provides post-employment
benefits for our management, including medical benefits such as health plan and annual medical check-up. Except for the benefits
established by our Compensation Policy, we do not have service contracts with our management providing for benefits upon termination
of employment.

Stock option plan

We have a stock option plan through which
our employees and management receive stock options. These options enable employees and management to share the risk of price fluctuations
of our preferred shares with other stockholders and is intended to integrate the beneficiaries of our Stock Option Plan into the
development process of our group in the medium and long term.

Our Personnel Committee manages the Stock
Option Plan, including matters such as strike prices, vesting periods and effectiveness of options, in compliance with the rules
set forth in the Stock Option Plan.

Options may only be granted to beneficiaries
if there is net income sufficient for the distribution of mandatory dividends. Please refer to section Our profile, item Information
for the investor, Stockholders payment, for further information on the payment of dividends. Also, to avoid the dilution of stockholders,
the sum of shares to be used for compensation of management and options to be granted each year will not exceed the limit of 0.5%
of total shares outstanding at the closing balance sheet date of the same year. In the event the number of shares delivered and
options granted is below the 0.5% limit,

A-
71

the difference may be added for purposes of share-based compensation or granting of options
in any one of the seven subsequent fiscal years.

In view of the effects related to Article
33 of Law No. 12,973/2014, the amounts granted under the Partners Program and not yet paid, which used to be under our Stock Option
Plan, are now recognized as compensation. As a result, on April 29, 2015, our stockholders approved, among other modifications,
to exclude from our Stock Option Plan the provisions on the granting of partner options (related to our prior Partners Program),
so that the Stock Option Plan will provide only the granting of simple options.

In 2016, no simple options were granted pursuant
to our Stock Option Plan. On December 31, 2016, we still had 38,033,506 options to be exercised by the beneficiaries. Please refer
to section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 22 – Share-based Payment, I - Stock Options Plan.

Main differences between Brazilian and U.S.
corporate governance practices

In the United States, we have listed our ADSs
on NYSE as a foreign private issuer and, as a result, NYSE allows us to comply with certain corporate governance requirements
established by applicable Brazilian legislation in lieu of those under NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards applicable
to U.S. companies with securities listed on NYSE.

Under the NYSE rules, we are required to:
(i) have an audit committee or an audit board that meets certain requirements, as discussed below; (ii) provide notice by our
chief executive officer to NYSE with respect to any non-compliance by us with any applicable NYSE corporate governance listing
standards; (iii) provide NYSE with annual and interim written affirmations of our compliance with NYSE corporate governance listing
standards; and (iv) provide a statement of the significant differences between our corporate governance practices and practices
required by NYSE to be followed by U.S. listed companies. Except for those requirements, we are permitted to manage our corporate
governance in accordance with applicable Brazilian legislation.

The description of the significant differences
between our corporate governance practices and those required of U.S. listed companies follows below. Our main rules and policies
can be found at www.itau.com.br/investor-relations/corporate-governance/rules-and-policies.

Majority of independent directors

NYSE rules require that the majority of board
members be independent. Independence is defined by various criteria, including the absence of a material relationship between
the director and the listed company. However, under NYSE rules, controlled listed companies (whether U.S. or foreign) of which
more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company, such as in our case, are not required
to comply with the majority independence requirement.

Brazilian legislation does not have a similar
requirement. Nevertheless, our Board of Directors has five directors considered independent pursuant to the criteria established
in our Corporate Governance Policy. For further information on the composition of our Board of Directors, see section Our governance,
item Management structure, Our Directors and Executive Officers.

Additionally, Brazilian Corporate Law, the
Central Bank and CVM have established rules that address the duties and responsibilities of companies’ officers and directors
and their professional qualification, so as to ensure the proper operation of the board.

Executive sessions

NYSE rules require that non-management directors
meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without the presence of directors who are also officers of the company.

Brazilian legislation does not have a similar
requirement. However, we hold such executive sessions at least once a year. Currently, three quarters of the members of our Board
of Directors are non-management directors.

Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation
Committee

NYSE rules require that listed companies have
a nominating or corporate governance committee and also a compensation committee, each entirely comprised of independent directors
and governed by a charter on the purposes and responsibilities of such committee. However, under NYSE rules, controlled listed
companies (whether U.S. or foreign) of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company,
such as in our case, are not required to comply with such requirement.

Brazilian legislation does not require us
to have a nominating or corporate governance committee. However, we have elected to form a Nomination and Corporate Governance
Committee responsible for stimulating and overseeing discussions of matters related to the company’s governance. Currently,
one out of five members of our Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee is considered independent under our Corporate Governance
Policy. Also, one out of five members of our Compensation Committee is not a director or officer of Itaú Unibanco Holding,
as required by Brazilian banking regulation.

A-
72

CVM rules do not require listed companies
to have a compensation committee. Nonetheless, we are required to establish a Compensation Committee pursuant to Brazilian banking
regulation. In accordance with such regulation, our Compensation Committee reports to the Board of Directors and members of the
Compensation Committee are not required to be independent. However, currently, three out of five members of our Compensation Committee
are considered independent under our Corporate Governance Policy.

Please refer to section Our governance, item
Management structure, for further information about our Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and our Compensation Committee.

Audit Committee

NYSE rules require that listed companies have
an audit committee that (i) is composed of at least three independent members who are financially literate; (ii) complies with
SEC rules related to the audit committee of companies registered with NYSE; (iii) has at least one member who has accounting or
financial management expertise; and (iv) is governed by a charter that expressly sets out the purposes and responsibilities of
the committee and that establishes annual performance assessments.

The applicable Brazilian banking rules regulate
independent audit services rendered to financial institutions and requires the establishment of an audit committee composed of
at least three independent members, pursuant to the independence criteria of such rules. Our Audit Committee, formed on April
28, 2004, meets applicable Brazilian legal requirements, is elected annually by the Board of Directors and is composed of professionals
with proven technical qualification compatible with the responsibilities of this committee.

Under SEC rules, we are not required to have
an Audit Committee constituted or operated in accordance with NYSE rules if we meet specified SEC requirements. We believe that
our Audit Committee is compliant with the requirements of Rule 10A-3(c)(3) under the Exchange Act and that it is able to act independently
when performing its responsibilities. Our Audit Committee, to the extent permitted by Brazilian legislation, performs all functions
required to be performed by an audit committee by Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act.

In line with applicable Brazilian legislation,
hiring independent auditors is the responsibility of the Board of Directors, whereas the recommendation for hiring and removing
independent auditors is the responsibility of the Audit Committee. Thus, our Board of Directors acts in lieu of the Audit Committee,
as permitted by Rule 10A-3(c)(3)(v) under the Exchange Act, for the purpose of hiring our independent auditors.

Stockholders’ approval of management members’ compensation
and stock option plans

NYSE rules require that stockholders have the opportunity to vote
on all share-based compensation plans and significant changes thereto, including significant increases in the number of shares
available to the plan, with a few exceptions. Brazilian legislation sets forth a comparable requirement, as it establishes the
need for approval of the aggregate annual compensation of management members (including shares) and stock option plans at General
Stockholders’ Meetings. Please refer to section Our governance, items Directors’ and Senior management’s compensation.

Corporate governance guidelines

NYSE rules require that listed companies adopt and disclose their
corporate governance guidelines.

Brazilian legislation does not establish a
similar requirement. However, we have a Corporate Governance Policy that consolidates the corporate governance principles and
practices that we adopt. We believe such corporate governance principles and practices, consistent with Brazilian legislation,
are compatible with the guidelines established by NYSE. We have adopted stricter rules than those required by Brazilian legislation,
since we voluntarily adhere to BM&FBovespa’s Level 1 of Corporate Governance and have granted tag-along rights to all
stockholders, regardless of their voting rights. Please refer to section Our governance, item Our practices, for further information.

Code of Ethics

NYSE rules require that listed companies adopt
and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for their directors, officers and employees. NYSE also requires that listed
companies promptly disclose any waiver of the code provisions for directors or executive officers.

Brazilian legislation does not have a similar
requirement. However, we have a Code of Ethics that, among other matters, governs the conduct of all directors, officers and employees
of the Itaú Unibanco Group, detailing the principles that guide our attitudes and practices.

Internal Audit

NYSE rules require that listed companies maintain
an internal audit function to provide management and the audit committee with ongoing assessments of the company’s risk
management processes and internal control systems.

Brazilian banking legislation establishes
a similar requirement, since it requires that financial institutions have an internal audit function. Our internal audit function
is responsible for assessing the sufficiency and effectiveness of our operating and

A-
73

management controls, as well as the adequacy
of our risk identification and risk management processes. In addition, our internal audit function is independent from management
in carrying out its activities and has access to all places, information and people deemed necessary for it to carry out its duties.
The internal audit function is administratively subordinated to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and its activities are
supervised by the Audit Committee.

A-
74

Our risk management

Risk factors

This section addresses the risks we consider
material to our business and to investment in our securities. Should any of the events described in such risks occur, our business
and financial condition, as well as the value of the investments made in our securities, may be adversely affected. Accordingly,
investors should carefully assess the risk factors described below and the information disclosed in this document.

Other risks that we currently deem immaterial
or we are not aware of may give rise to effects similar to those discussed below should they actually occur.

Macroeconomic risks

Changes in economic conditions may adversely affect us.

Our operations are dependent upon the performance
of the Brazilian economy and, to a lesser extent, the economies of other countries in which we do business, Latin American countries
in particular. The demand for credit and financial services, as well as clients’ ability to pay, is directly impacted by
macroeconomic variables, such as economic growth, income, unemployment, inflation, and fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange
rates. Therefore, any significant change in the Brazilian economy and, to a lesser extent, in the economies of other countries
in which we do business, Latin American countries in particular, may affect our operations.

After a period of accelerated economic expansion,
Brazil’s growth rates began to slow down in 2011 and by 2015 the country was in recession. In 2016, GDP decreased by 3.6%.
Growth has been impacted by high interest rate, low commodities price, and high corporate leverage. In the long term, growth may
be limited by a number of factors, including structural factors, such as inadequate infrastructure, which entail risks of potential
energy shortages and deficiencies in the transportation sector, among others, and lack of qualified professionals, which can reduce
the country’s productivity and efficiency levels. Low levels of national savings require relatively large financial flows
from abroad, which may falter if political and fiscal instability is perceived by foreign investors. Depending on their intensity,
these factors could lead to decreasing employment rates and to lower income and consumption levels, which could result in increased
default rates on loans we grant for individuals and non-financial corporations and, therefore, have a material adverse effect
on us.

Brazilian authorities exercise influence
on the Brazilian economy. Changes in monetary, fiscal and foreign exchange policies may adversely affect us.

Brazilian authorities intervene from time
to time in the Brazilian economy, through changes in fiscal, monetary, and foreign exchange policies, which may adversely affect
us. These changes may impact variables that are crucial for our growth strategy (such as foreign exchange and interest rates,
liquidity in the currency market, tax burden, and economic growth), thus limiting our operations in certain markets, affecting
our liquidity and our clients’ ability to pay and, consequently, affecting us. Uncertainty regarding future economic policies
may, in the future, contribute to an increase in the volatility of the Brazilian capital markets, which, in turn, may have an
adverse impact on us. Other political, diplomatic, social and economic developments in Brazil and abroad that affect Brazil may
also affect us.

Inflation and fluctuations in interest rates may have a material
adverse effect on us.

Sudden increases in prices and long periods
of high inflation may cause, among other effects, loss of purchasing power and distortions in the allocation of resources in the
economy. Measures to combat high inflation rates include a tightening of monetary policy, with an increase in the SELIC interest
rate, resulting in restrictions on credit and short-term liquidity, which may have a material adverse effect on us. Changes in
interest rates may have a material effect on our net margins, since they impact our funding and credit granting costs.

In addition, increases in the SELIC interest
rate could reduce demand for credit and increase the costs of our reserves and the risk of default by our clients. Conversely,
decreases in the SELIC interest rate could reduce our gains from interest-bearing assets, as well as our net margins.

Instability of foreign exchange rates may negatively affect
us.

Brazil has a floating foreign exchange rate
system, pursuant to which the market establishes the value of the Brazilian
real
 in relation to foreign currencies. However,
the Central Bank may intervene in the purchase or sale of foreign currencies for the purpose of easing variations and reducing
volatility of the foreign exchange rate. In spite of those interventions, the foreign exchange rate may significantly fluctuate.
In addition, in some cases, interventions made with the purpose of avoiding sharp fluctuations in the value of the Brazilian
real

in relation to other currencies may have the opposite effect, leading to an increase in the volatility of the applicable foreign
exchange rate.

Instability in foreign exchange rates could
negatively impact our business. A potential depreciation of the Brazilian
real
 could result in (i) losses on our liabilities
denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies; (ii) a decrease in our ability to pay for obligations denominated in or indexed
to foreign currencies, as it would be more costly for us to obtain the foreign currency required to meet such obligations; (iii)
a decrease in the ability of our Brazilian borrowers to pay us for debts denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies; and
(iv) negative effects on the market price of our securities portfolio. On the other hand,

A-
75

an appreciation of the Brazilian
real

could cause us to incur losses on assets denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies. For further information on how the
effects of these variables may affect us, please see “Crises and volatility in the financial markets of countries other
than Brazil may affect the global financial markets and the Brazilian economy and have a negative impact on our operations”
below.

Government fiscal accounts deterioration may affect us.

If the government fiscal accounts deterioration
continues, it could generate a loss of confidence by local and foreign investors. Regional governments are also facing fiscal
concerns due to their high debt burden, declining revenues and inflexible expenditures. In 2017, the spotlight will remain on
fiscal reforms. The Lower House of the Brazilian Congress may approve the proposed Social Security reforms, which are critical
for achieving future compliance with the spending limits, by the end of the second quarter. Diminished confidence in government
fiscal circumstances could lead to the downgrading of the Brazilian sovereign debt by credit rating agencies, and negatively impact
the local economy, causing a depreciation of the Brazilian
real
, an increase in inflation and interest rates and a deceleration
of economic growth, thus adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Crises and volatility in the financial
markets of countries other than Brazil may affect the global financial markets and the Brazilian economy and have a negative impact
on our operations.

The economic and market conditions of other
countries, including the United States, countries of the European Union, and emerging markets, may affect the credit availability
and the volume of foreign investments in Brazil, to varying degrees.

Crises in these countries may decrease investors’
interest in Brazilian assets, which may materially and adversely affect the market price of our securities, making it more difficult
for us to access capital markets and, as a result, to finance our operations in the future.

Banks that operate in countries considered
to be emerging markets, including ours, may be particularly susceptible to disruptions and reductions in the availability of credit
or increases in financing costs, which may have a material adverse impact on their operations. In particular, the availability
of credit to financial institutions operating in emerging markets is significantly influenced by aversion to global risk. In addition,
any factor impacting investors’ confidence, such as a downgrade in credit ratings, since the ratings of financial institutions,
including ours, tend to be subject to a ceiling based on the sovereign credit rating, or an intervention by a government or monetary
authority in one of such markets, may affect the price or availability of resources for financial institutions in any of these
markets, which may affect us.

The disruptions and volatility in the global
financial markets may also have significant consequences in the countries in which we operate, such as volatility in the prices
of equity securities, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. Higher uncertainty and volatility may result in a slowdown in
the credit market and the economy, which, in turn, could lead to higher unemployment rates and a reduction in the purchasing power
of consumers. In addition, such events may significantly impair our clients’ ability to perform their obligations and increase
overdue or non-performing loan operations, resulting in an increase in the risk associated with our lending activity. Thus, global
financial crises, in addition to the Brazilian macroeconomic environment, may also affect in a material and adverse way the market
price of securities of Brazilian issuers or lead to other negative effects in Brazil and in the countries in which we operate
and have a material adverse effect on us.

The UK exit from the European Union could
adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.

On June 23, 2016, the U.K. electorate voted
in a general referendum in favor of the U.K. exiting from the European Union (so-called “Brexit”). Brexit could adversely
affect European or worldwide economic or market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial markets and
impact the operations of Itau BBA International. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent
national laws and regulations as the U.K. determines which E.U. laws to replace or replicate. The effects of Brexit, and others
we cannot anticipate, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Please refer to section Context, item Macroeconomic
context, Global context and Brazilian context for further details about data and economic indicators.

Ongoing high profile anti-corruption investigations
in Brazil may affect the perception of Brazil and domestic growth prospects.

Certain Brazilian companies in the
energy and infrastructure sectors are facing investigations by CVM, SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), the Brazilian
Federal Police and other Brazilian public entities which are responsible for corruption and cartel investigations, in
connection with corruption allegations (so called Lava Jato investigations) and, depending on the outcome of such
investigations and the time it takes to conclude them, they may face (as some of them already faced) downgrades from credit
rating agencies, experience (as some of them already experienced) funding restrictions and have (as some of them already had)
a reduction in revenues, among other negative effects. Such negative effects may hinder the ability of those companies to
timely honor their financial obligations bringing losses to us as a number of them are our clients. The companies involved in
the Lava Jato investigations, a number of which are our clients, may also be (as some of them already have been) prosecuted
by investors on the grounds that they were misled by the information released to them, including their financial statements.
Moreover, the current corruption investigations have contributed to reduce the value of the securities of several companies.
The investment banks (including Itau BBA Securities) that acted as underwriters on

A-
76

public distributions of securities of such investigated companies
are also parties to certain law suits in the United States and may be parties to other legal proceedings yet to be filed. We cannot
predict how long the corruption investigations may continue, or how significant the effects of the corruption investigations may
be for the Brazilian economy and for the financial sector that may be investigated for the commercial relationships it may have
held with companies and persons involved in Lava Jato investigations. Other high profile investigation, besides Lava Jato, ongoing
in Brazil is the so called Zelotes operation. If the allegations of such investigations are confirmed they may also affect some
of our clients and their credit trustworthiness. In March 2016, the Brazilian IRS (Internal Revenue Services) summoned us to account
for certain tax proceedings related to BankBoston Brazil which came under investigation in relation to the Zelotes operations.
We acquired BankBoston Brazil’s operation from Bank of America in 2006. On December 1, 2016, the Brazilian Federal Police
conducted searches at Itaú Unibanco’s premises, to look for documents related to those proceedings, and documents
related to payments made to lawyers and consultants that acted on those proceedings. We clarify that the agreement with Bank of
America for the acquisition of BankBoston Brazil’s operations included a provision whereby the seller would remain liable
and responsible for the conduct of BankBoston’s tax proceedings, including with regard to the retention of lawyers and consultants.
Therefore, according to such agreement, any and all payments made by Itaú Unibanco to lawyers and consultants were made
strictly on behalf of Bank of America. These investigations have not yet been concluded, and we remain fully available and will
cooperate with the authorities should any further clarification be needed. After reviewing our control procedures and our monitoring
systems, we believe we are in compliance with the existing standards, especially related to anti-money laundering standards; notwithstanding,
due to the size and breadth of our operations and our commercial relationship with investigated companies or persons, and due
to the several banks, both publicly and privately owned, that Itaú Unibanco acquired throughout the last 15 years, we may
also come within the scope of investigations, which may ultimately result in reputational damage, civil or criminal liability.
Negative effects on a number of companies may also impact the level of investments in infrastructure in Brazil, which may also
lead to lower economic growth.

Legal and regulatory risks

Changes in applicable law or regulations may have a material
adverse effect on our business.

Changes in the law or regulations applicable
to financial institutions in Brazil may affect our ability to grant loans and collect debts in arrears, which may have an adverse
effect on us. Our operations could also be adversely affected by other changes, including with respect to restrictions on remittances
abroad and other exchange controls as well as by interpretations of the law by courts and agencies in a manner that differs from
our legal advisors’ opinions.

In the context of economic or financial crises,
the Brazilian government may also decide to implement changes to the legal framework applicable to the operation of Brazilian
financial institutions. For example, in response to the global financial crisis which began in late 2007, Brazilian national and
intergovernmental regulatory entities, such as the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, proposed regulatory reforms aiming
to prevent the recurrence of similar crises, which included a new requirement to increase the minimum regulatory capital (Basel
III). Please refer to section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment, Basel III framework and implementation of Basel
III in Brazil for further details about regulatory capital requirements. Once the implementation of the Basel III framework is
completed for Brazilian banks and its effects fully evaluated, we may need to reassess our funding strategy for regulatory capital
should additional regulatory capital be required to support our operations under the new standards.

Moreover, the Brazilian Congress is considering
enacting new legislation that, if signed into law as currently drafted, could have an adverse effect on us. For example, a proposed
law to amend the Brazilian consumer protection code would allow courts to modify terms and conditions of credit agreements in
certain circumstances, imposing certain difficulties for the collection of amounts from final consumers. In addition, local or
state legislatures may, from time to time consider bills intending to impose security measures and standards for customer services,
such as limits in queues and accessibility requirements, that, if signed into law, could affect our operations. More recently,
certain bills have passed (and others were proposed) in certain Brazilian states or municipalities that impose, or aim to impose,
restrictions on the ability of creditors to include the information about insolvent debtors in the records of credit protection
bureaus, which could also adversely affect our ability to collect credit outstanding.

We also have operations outside of Brazil,
including, but not limited to, Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Paraguay, United Kingdom, United States, Uruguay and Switzerland. Changes
in the laws or regulations applicable to our business in the countries where we operate, or the adoption of new laws, and related
regulations, may have an adverse effect on us.

Increases in compulsory deposit requirements may have a material
adverse effect on us.

Compulsory deposits are reserves that financial
institutions are required to maintain with the Central Bank. Compulsory deposits generally do not provide the same returns as
other investments and deposits because a portion of these compulsory deposits does not bear interest; instead, these funds must
be held in Brazilian federal government securities and used to finance government programs, including a federal housing program
and rural sector subsidies. The Central Bank has periodically changed the minimum level of compulsory deposits. Increases in such
level reduce our liquidity to grant loans and make other investments and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on us.

A-
77

We are subject to regulation on a consolidated
basis and may be subject to liquidation or intervention on a consolidated basis.

We operate in a number of credit and financial
services related sectors through entities under our control. For regulation or supervision purposes, the Central Bank treats us
and our subsidiaries and affiliates as a single financial institution. While our consolidated capital base provides financial
strength and flexibility to our subsidiaries and affiliates, their individual activities could indirectly put our capital base
at risk. Any investigation or intervention by the Central Bank, particularly in the activities carried out by any of our subsidiaries
and affiliates, could have a material adverse impact on our other subsidiaries and affiliates and, ultimately, on us.

If we or any of our financial subsidiaries
become insolvent, the Central Bank may carry out an intervention or liquidation process on a consolidated basis rather than conduct
such procedures for each individual entity. In the event of an intervention or a liquidation process on a consolidated basis,
our creditors would have claims on our assets and the assets of our consolidated financial subsidiaries. In this case, claims
of creditors of the same nature held against us and our consolidated financial subsidiaries would rank equally in respect of payment.
If the Central Bank carries out a liquidation or intervention process with respect to us or any of our financial subsidiaries
on an individual basis, our creditors would not have a direct claim on the assets of such financial subsidiaries, and the creditors
of such financial subsidiaries would have priority in relation to our creditors in connection with such financial subsidiaries’
assets. The Central Bank also has the authority to carry out other corporate reorganizations or transfers of control under an
intervention or liquidation process.

Our insurance operation is subject to regulatory agencies.

Insurance companies are subject to SUSEP intervention
and/or liquidation. In case of insufficient resources, technical reserves, or poor economic health with respect to a regulated
entity, SUSEP may appoint an inspector to act within the relevant company. If such intervention does not remedy the issue, SUSEP
will forward to CNSP proposal to withdraw the applicable insurance license.

In additional, insurance companies are subject
to pecuniary penalties, warnings, suspension of authorization of activities and disqualification to engage in business activities
as set in Law.

With respect to health insurance companies
that are deemed to have financial imbalances or serious economic-financial or administrative irregularities, the Brazilian Regulatory
Agency for Private Health Insurance and Plans (ANS) may order the disposal of the applicable health insurance company’s
portfolio, or take other measures such as fiscal or technical direction regime for a period not exceeding 365 days, or extrajudicial
liquidation.

The penalties established for violations committed
by health insurance companies and their directors and officers are: (i) warnings; (ii) pecuniary penalties; (iii) suspension of
company’s activities; (iv) temporary disqualification for the exercise of management positions in health insurance companies;
(v) permanent disqualification for the exercise of management positions in health insurance companies as well as in open private
pension funds, insurance companies, insurance brokers and financial institutions; and (vi) the cancellation of the company’s
authorization to operate and sale of its portfolio.

In this sense, the risks of our insurance
operation may be affected negatively by the penalties applied by SUSEP or ANS, as described above.

Holders of our shares and ADSs may not receive any dividends.

Corporations in Brazil are legally required
to pay their stockholders a minimum mandatory dividend at least on a yearly basis (except in specific cases provided for in applicable
law). Our Bylaws determine that we must pay our stockholders at least 25% of our annual net income calculated and adjusted pursuant
to Brazilian Corporate Law. Applicable Brazilian legislation also allows corporations to consider the amount of interest on shareholders’
equity distributed to their stockholders for purposes of calculating the minimum mandatory dividends. The calculation of net income
pursuant to the Brazilian Corporate Law may significantly differ from our net income calculated under IFRS.

Brazilian Corporate Law also allows the suspension
of the payment of the mandatory dividends in any particular year if our Board of Directors informs our general stockholders’
meeting that such payment would be incompatible with our financial condition. Therefore, upon the occurrence of such event, the
holders of our shares and ADSs may not receive any dividends. If this happens, the dividends that were not paid in the particular
fiscal year shall be registered as a special reserve and, if not used to cover any losses of subsequent years, the amounts of
unpaid dividends still available under such reserve shall be distributed when the financial condition of the corporation allows
for such payment.

Furthermore, pursuant to its regulatory powers
provided under Brazilian law and banking regulations, the Central Bank may at its sole discretion reduce the dividends or determine
that no dividends will be paid by a financial institution if such restriction is necessary to mitigate relevant risks to the Brazilian
financial system or the financial institution.

Please refer to section Our profile, item
Our shares, Stockholders’ payment and section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment, Basel III framework, Implementation
of Basel III in Brazil for further details about CMN’s capital requirements and to section Performance, item Complete Financial
Statements (IFRS), Note 2.4t and Note 21, for further details about dividends and interest on capital.

Tax reforms may adversely affect our operations and profitability.

The Brazilian government regularly amends
tax laws and regulations, including by creating new taxes, which can be temporary, and changing tax rates, the basis on which
taxes are assessed or the manner in which taxes are calculated, including in respect

A-
78

of tax rates applicable solely to the banking
industry. Tax reforms may reduce the volume of our transactions, increase our costs or limit our profitability.

Decision on lawsuits due to government monetary stabilization
plans may have a material adverse effect on us.

We are a defendant in lawsuits for the collection
of understated inflation adjustment for savings resulting from the economic plans implemented in the 1980s and 1990s by the Brazilian
Federal Government as a measure to combat inflation.

Itaú Unibanco Holding is a defendant
in lawsuits filed by individuals, as well as class actions filed by: (i) consumer protection associations; and (ii) public attorneys’
office (
Ministério Público
) on behalf of holders of savings accounts. In connection with these class actions,
Itaú Unibanco Holding establishes provisions upon service of the individual claim requiring the enforcement of a judgment
handed down by the judiciary, using the same criteria used to determine the provisions of individual actions.

The Brazilian Federal Supreme Court (
Supremo
Tribunal Federal
, or STF) has issued a number of decisions in favor of the holders of savings accounts, but has not ruled
regarding the constitutionality of economic plans and their applicability to savings accounts. Currently, the appeals on this
issue are suspended by order of the Supreme Court, until there is a definitive statement of this Court regarding the constitutional
issue.

We are also subject to operational risks associated
with the handling and conducting of a large number of lawsuits involving government monetary stabilization in case of loss.

Please refer to section Performance, item Financial performance,
Liabilities, Litigation for further information.

Tax assessments may adversely affect us.

As part of the normal course of business,
we are subject to inspections by federal, municipal and state tax authorities. These inspections, arising from the divergence
in the understanding of the application of tax laws may generate tax assessments which, depending on their results, may have an
adverse effect on our financial results.

Risks associated with our business

Market risk factor

The value of our securities and derivatives
is subject to market fluctuations due to changes in Brazilian or international economic conditions and, as a result, may subject
us to material losses.

The securities and derivative financial instruments
in our portfolio may cause us to record gains and losses, when sold or marked to market (in the case of trading securities), and
may fluctuate considerably from period to period due to domestic and international economic conditions. If, for example, we enter
into derivative transactions to hedge against decreases in the value of the Brazilian
real
or in interest rates and the
Brazilian
 real
appreciates or interest rates increase, we may incur financial losses and such financial

losses could
have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, we may incur losses from fluctuations in the market value of positions held,
including risks associated with transactions subject to variations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, price indexes, and
equity and commodity prices, along with various indexes on these risk factors.

We cannot predict the amount of realized or
unrealized gains or losses for any future period. Gains or losses on our investment portfolio may not contribute to our net revenue
in the future or may cease to contribute to our net revenue at levels consistent with more recent periods. We may not successfully
realize the appreciation or depreciation now existing in our consolidated investment portfolio or in any assets of such portfolio.

Operational risk factor

Failures, deficiency or inadequacy of our internal processes
and human error or misconduct may adversely affect us.

Although we have in place information security
controls, policies and procedures designed to minimize human error, and make continuous investments in infrastructure, management
of crises and operations, the operational systems related to our business may stop working properly for a limited period of time
or may be temporarily unavailable due to a number of factors. These factors include events that are totally or partially beyond
our control such as power outages, interruption of telecommunication services, and generalized system failures, as well as internal
and external events that may affect third parties with which we do business or that are crucial to our business activities (including
stock exchanges, clearing houses, financial dealers or service providers) and events resulting from wider political or social
issues, such as cyber-attacks or unauthorized disclosures of personal information in our possession.

Operating failures, including those that result
from human error or fraud, not only increase our costs and cause losses, but may also give rise to conflicts with our clients,
lawsuits, regulatory fines, sanctions, interventions, reimbursements and other indemnity costs, all of which may have a material
adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations.

Operational risk also includes legal risk
associated with inadequacy or deficiency in contracts signed by us, as well as penalties due to noncompliance with laws and punitive
damages to third parties arising from the activities undertaken by us.

Cyberattacks may cause loss of revenue
and reputational harm through data security breaches that may disrupt our operations or result in the dissemination of proprietary
or confidential information.

We manage and store certain proprietary information
and sensitive or confidential data relating to our clients and to our operations. We may be subject to breaches of the information
technology systems we use for these purposes. We are strongly

A-
79

dependent on technology and thus are vulnerable to viruses, worms
and other malicious software, including “bugs” and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation
of our systems. We also rely in certain limited capacities on third-party data management providers whose possible security problems
and security vulnerabilities may have similar effects on us.

The costs to us to eliminate or address the
foregoing security problems and security vulnerabilities before or after a cyber incident could be significant and the lack of
remediation may result in interruptions, delays and may affect clients and partners.

Competition risk factor

We face risks associated with the increasingly
competitive environment and recent consolidations in the Brazilian banking industry

The Brazilian market for financial and banking
services is highly competitive. We face significant competition from other Brazilian and international banks, in addition to other
companies competing in markets we operate. Competition has increased as a result of recent consolidations among financial institutions
in Brazil and of regulations that increase the ability of clients to switch business between financial institutions. Please refer
to section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment, Antitrust regulation for further information about competitionin
the Brazilian markets. Such increased competition may adversely affect us by, among other things, limiting our ability to retain
or increase our current client base and to expand our operations, or by impacting the fees and rates we adopt, which could reduce
our profit margins on banking and other services and products we offer.

We rely on third party services

We have essential services for the proper
functioning of our business and technology infrastructure, such as call centers, networks, internet and systems, among others,
provided by external or outsourced companies. Impacts on the provision of these services, caused by these companies due to the
lack of supply or the poor quality of the contracted services, can affect the conduct of our business as well as our clients.

Credit risk factors

Changes in the profile of our business may adversely affect
our loan portfolio

Our historical loan loss experience may not
be indicative to our future loan losses. While the quality of our loan portfolio is associated with the default risk in the sectors
in which we operate, changes in our business profile may occur due to our organic growth or merger and acquisition activity, changes
in local economic conditions and, to a lesser extent, in the international economic environment, in addition to changes in the
tax regimes applicable to the sectors in which we operate, among other factors. Any changes affecting any of the sectors to which
we have significant lending exposure may adversely affect our loan portfolio. For example, in recent years, Brazilian banks have
experienced an increase in loans to consumers, particularly in the automotive sector. However, this increased demand for vehicle
loans has been followed by a significant rise in the level of consumer indebtedness, leading to high nonperforming loan rates.
As a result, many financial institutions recorded higher loan losses due to an increased volume of provisions and a decrease in
loans for vehicle acquisition.

Additionally, changes in the economy and in
political conditions, a slowdown in customer demand, an increase in market competition, and changes in regulation and other related
changes in countries in which we operate could also adversely affect the growth rate and the mix of our loan portfolio. Past performance
of our loan portfolio may not be indicative of future performance.

The value of any collateral securing our
loans may not be sufficient, and we may be unable to realize the full value of the collateral securing our loan portfolio

The market value of any collateral related
to our loan portfolio may fluctuate, from the time we required it to the evaluation time, due to the factors related to changes
in economic, political or sectorial factors beyond our control. Changes in the value of the collateral securing our loans may
result in a reduction in the value we realize from collateral and may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and
financial condition.

We may incur losses associated with counterparty exposure risks

We may incur losses if any of our counterparties
fail to meet their contractual obligations, due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons that are
exclusively attributable to our counterparties. This counterparty risk may arise, for example, from our entering into reinsurance
agreements or credit agreements pursuant to which counterparties have obligations to make payments to us and are unable to do
so, or from our carrying out transactions in the foreign currency market (or other markets) that fail to be settled at the specified
time due to non-delivery by the counterparty, clearing house or other financial intermediary. We routinely conduct transactions
with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual
and hedge funds and other institutional clients, and their failure to meet their contractual obligations may adversely affect
our financial performance.

We have significant exposure to Brazilian federal government
debt

A-
80

Like most Brazilian banks, we invest in debt
securities issued by the Brazilian government. As of December 31, 2016, approximately 16.4% of all our assets and 66.7% of our
securities portfolio were comprised of these debt securities. Any failure by the Brazilian government to make timely payments
under the terms of these securities, or a significant decrease in their market value, could negatively affect our results of operations
and financial condition.

Underwriting risk factor

Inadequate pricing methodologies for insurance, pension plan
and premium bond products may adversely affect us

Our insurance and pension plan subsidiaries
establish prices and calculations for our insurance and pension products based on actuarial or statistical estimates. The pricing
of our insurance and pension plan products is based on models that include a number of assumptions and projections that may prove
to be incorrect, since these assumptions and projections involve the exercise of judgment with respect to the levels and timing
of receipt or payment of premiums, contributions, provisions, benefits, claims, expenses, interest, investment results, retirement,
mortality, morbidity and persistency. We could suffer losses due to events that are contrary to our expectations directly or indirectly
based on incorrect biometric and economic assumptions or faulty actuarial bases used for contribution and provision calculations.

Although the pricing of our insurance and
pension plan products and the adequacy of the associated reserves are reassessed on a yearly basis, we cannot accurately determine
whether our assets supporting our policy liabilities, together with future premiums and contributions, will be sufficient for
the payment of benefits, claims, and expenses. Accordingly, the occurrence of significant deviations from our pricing assumptions
could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our insurance and pension products. In addition, if we conclude that our
reserves and future premiums are insufficient to cover future policy benefits and claims, we will be required to increase our
reserves and record these effects in our financial statements, which may have a material adverse effect on us.

Management risk factors

Our policies, procedures and models related
to risk control may be ineffective and our results may be adversely affected by unexpected losses

Our risk management methods, procedures and
policies, including our statistical models and tools for risk measurement, such as value at risk (VaR), and default probability
estimation models, may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all economic environments or against all types
of risks, including those that we fail to identify or anticipate. Some of our qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk
are based on our observations of the historical market behavior. In addition, due to limitations on information available in Brazil,
to assess clients’ creditworthiness, we rely largely on credit information available from our own databases, on certain
publicly available consumer credit information and other sources. We apply statistical and other tools to these observations and
data to quantify our risk exposure. These tools and metrics may fail to predict all types of future risk exposures. These risk
exposures, for example, could arise from factors we did not anticipate or correctly evaluate in our statistical models. This would
limit our ability to manage our risks. Our losses, therefore, could be significantly greater than indicated by historical measures.
In addition, our quantified modeling may not take all risks into account. Our qualitative approach to managing those risks could
prove insufficient, exposing us to material unexpected losses. Our results of operations and financial position depend on our
ability to evaluate losses associated with risks to which we are exposed and on our ability to build these risks into our pricing
policies. We recognize an allowance for loan losses aiming at ensuring an allowance level compatible with the expected loss, according
to internal models credit risk measurement. The calculation also involves significant judgment on the part of our management.
Those judgments may prove to be incorrect or change in the future depending on information as it becomes available. These factors
may adversely affect us.

Damages to our reputation could harm our business and outlook

We are highly dependent on our image and credibility
to generate business. A number of factors may tarnish our reputation and generate a negative perception of the institution by
our clients, counterparties, stockholders, investors, supervisors, commercial partners and other stakeholders, such as noncompliance
with legal obligations, making irregular sales to clients, dealing with suppliers with questionable ethics, unauthorized disclosure
of client data, inappropriate behavior by our employees, and third-party failures in risk management, among others. In addition,
certain significant actions taken by third parties, such as competitors or other market participants, may indirectly damage our
reputation with clients, investors and the market in general. Damages to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on
our business and prospects.

Strategy risk factors

Our controlling stockholder has the ability to direct our business

As of January 31, 2017, IUPAR, our controlling
stockholder, directly owned 51.00% of our common shares and 25.96% of our total share capital, giving it the power to appoint
and remove our directors and officers and determine the outcome of any action requiring stockholder approval, including transactions
with related parties, corporate reorganizations and the timing and payment of dividends.

A-
81

In addition, IUPAR is jointly controlled by
Itaúsa, which, in turn, is controlled by the Egydio de Souza Aranha family, and by Cia. E. Johnston, which in turn is controlled
by the Moreira Salles family. The interests of IUPAR, Itaúsa and the Egydio de Souza Aranha and Moreira Salles families
may be different from the interests of our other stockholders.

In addition, some of our directors are affiliated
with IUPAR and circumstances may arise in which the interests of IUPAR and its affiliates conflict with the interests of our other
stockholders. To the extent that these and other conflicting interests exist, our stockholders will depend on our directors duly
exercising their fiduciary duties as members of our Board of Directors. Notwithstanding, according to Brazilian Corporation Law
the controlling stockholders should always vote in the interest of the Company. In addition, they are prohibited from voting in
cases of conflict of interest in the matter to be decided.

The integration of acquired or merged businesses involves certain
risks that may have a material adverse effect on us

As part of our growth strategy in the Brazilian
and Latin America financial sector, we have engaged in a number of mergers, acquisitions and partnerships with other companies
and financial institutions in the past and may pursue further such transactions in the future. Any such transactions involve risks,
such as the possible incurrence of unanticipated costs as of result of difficulties in integrating systems, finance, accounting
and personnel platforms, fail in diligence or the occurrence of unanticipated contingencies, as well as the breach of the transaction
agreements by counterparties. In addition, we may not achieve the operating and financial synergies and other benefits that we
expected from such transactions.

There is also the risk that antitrust and
other regulatory authorities may impose restrictions or limitations on the transactions or on the businesses that arise from certain
combinations or impose fines or sanctions due to the interpretation of the authorities of irregularities with respect to a corporate
merger, consolidation or acquisition, even if the institution has done this legally and transparently.

If we are unable to take advantage of business
growth opportunities, cost savings, operating efficiencies, revenue synergies and other benefits we anticipate from mergers and
acquisitions, or if we incur greater integration costs than we have estimated, then we may be adversely affected.

Social and environmental risk factors

We may incur financial losses and damages to our reputation
from environmental and social risks

Environmental and social factors are considered
one of the most relevant topics for the business, since they can affect the creation of shared value in the short, medium and
long terms, from the standpoint of the organization and its main stakeholders. In addition, we understand social and environmental
risk as the risk of potential losses due to exposure to social and environmental events arising from the performance of our activities.
For more information about our Social and environmental risk management, please refer to section Risk and capital management.

We understand that environmental and social
issues may affect our activities and the revenue of our clients, causing delays in payments or default, especially in the case
of significant environmental and social incidents. The way these risks may affect us becomes more evident where we finance projects
in sectors with higher environmental and social impacts, such as mining, and large hydroelectric plants, which require comprehensive
environmental and social due diligence as well as mitigating measures.

We recognize that climate change is one of
the major challenges for us because climate events may affect our activities in our administrative buildings, network of branches
and data processing centers, and are taken into consideration for all geographical regions in which we operate in Brazil.

Financial reporting risks

We make estimates and assumptions in connection
with the preparation of our financial statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could have a material adverse
effect on our operating results

In connection with the preparation of our
financial statements, we use certain estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and other factors. While we believe
that these estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances, they are subject to significant uncertainties, some
of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, our reported
operating results could be materially adversely affected.

As a result of the inherent limitations
in our disclosure and accounting controls, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected

Our disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file with or submit to
SEC under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and
procedures, including related accounting controls, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and
that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. In addition, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts
of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls.

A-
82

Any failure by us to maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value
of investments in our securities

We are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 to furnish a report by our management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and to include
a report by our independent auditors attesting to such effectiveness. Any failure by us to maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to report accurately our financial condition or results of operations.
If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent auditors determine
that we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor
confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market prices of our shares and ADSs could decline,
and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required
of public companies subject to SEC regulation, also could restrict our future access to the capital markets.

Risk and capital management

We regard risk management as an essential
instrument to optimize the use of our resources and to assist us in selecting business opportunities in order to maximize value
creation to stockholders.

Our risk management process includes:

·   identification
                                         and measurement of existing and potential risks in our operations;
·   alignment
                                         of risk management and control of institutional policies, procedures and methodologies
                                         according to the guidelines of the Board of Directors and our corporate strategies; and
·   management
                                         of our portfolio seeking optimal risk-return ratios.

The risk identification process purpose is
to map internal and external risk threats that may affect the business’ and support units’ strategies, keeping them
from achieving their goals, potentially impacting our earnings, capital, liquidity and reputation. The risk management processes
permeate the entire institution and are aligned with the Board of Directors and senior management directives, which, through the
committees described below, define overall objectives by setting targets and limits for risk management .The capital management
and control units support our management through monitoring and analyzing risk and capital processes. Please refer to section
Our governance, item Management structure, Board of Directors and Board of Officers for further details about our Board of Directors
responsibilities.

In compliance with CMN and Central Bank regulations,
we have implemented a capital management structure and the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), taking a prospective
stance in relation to capital management.

Our risk management organizational structure
complies with current Brazilian and international regulation in place and is aligned with best market practices. Risk management
responsibilities are structured according to the concept of three lines of defense, namely:

·   in
                                         the first line of defense, the business and corporate support areas have the role of
                                         managing the risks they give rise to, by identifying, assessing, controlling and reporting
                                         the risks;

·   in
                                         the second line of defense, an independent unit provides central control, so as to ensure
                                         that our risk is managed according to the risk appetite, and established policies and
                                         procedures. This centralized control provides the Board and executives with a global
                                         overview of our exposure, in order to optimize and speed up corporate decisions;and

·   the
                                         role of the third line of defense, internal audit, is to provide an independent assessment
                                         of the institution’s activities, to ensure that senior management can see that
                                         risk controls are adequate, risk management is effective and internal controls and regulatory
                                         requirements are complied with.

During the whole risk management process we apply adequate
information technology (IT) systems, in accordance with Central Bank’s regulation and requirements in place. We also
monitor adherence to the qualitative and quantitative regulators’ minimum capital and risk management requirements.

Risk management principles

To assume and manage risks is the essence
of our activities and, for this reason, we must have well established objectives towards risk management. In this context, risk
appetite defines the nature and the level of the risks that are acceptable for our organization and the culture of risks guides
the necessary attitudes to manage them. We pursue sound risk management processes that permeate throughout the entire organization
and are the basis of strategic decisions so as to ensure the sustainability of our business.

The principles below establish the fundamentals
of risk management, risk appetite and the way our employees work on a daily basis for decision making:

1. Sustainability and customer satisfaction
:
We want to be a leading bank with a sustainable performance and customer

satisfaction. We are concerned about creating
shared value for employees, customers, stockholders and society, ensuring the longevity of our business. We will only do business
that is good for the customer and the bank.

A-
83

2.
Risk culture:
Our risk culture goes beyond policies, procedures and processes and strengthens the individual and collective
responsibility of all employees so that they can do the right thing, at the right time and in the right way, respecting our ethical
way of doing business. Please refer to item Risk Culture below for further information about our Risk Culture.

3.
Price for risk:
We operate and take risks in business that we know and understand and we avoid risks that we do not know

or in which we do not have a competitive advantage, carefully assessing risk-adjusted return.

4.
Diversification:
We have a low appetite for volatility in our results and, for this reason, we work with a diversified client,
product and business base, seeking the diversification of the risks to which we are exposed and prioritizing lower-risk business.

5.
Operational excellence:
We want to be an agile bank, with a robust and stable infrastructure so as to offer a high-quality
service.

6.
Ethics and respect for regulation:
For Itaú Unibanco, ethics are non-negotiable. We promote a fair institutional environment,
guiding employees to cultivate ethics in relationships and business, and the respect for rules, taking care to protect our reputation.

In 2016, we reviewed our risk appetite
policy, which was established and approved by the Board of Directors and guides our business strategy. Our risk appetite is based
on the following statement of the Board of Directors:

“We are a universal bank,
operating predominantly in Latin America. Supported by our risk culture, we operate based on rigorous ethical and regulatory compliance
standards, seeking high and growing results, with low volatility, by means of the long-lasting relationship with clients, correctly
pricing risks, well-distributed fund-raising and proper use of capital.”

Based on this statement, we have
implemented five dimensions to our policy, each of them composed of a set of metrics associated with the main risks involved,
combining additional forms of measurement and seeking a broad view of our exposures:

§   Capitalization:
                                         it establishes that we must have enough capital to protect us against a severe recession
                                         or a stress event without the need to adapt our capital structure in unfavorable circumstances.
                                         This is monitored through the follow up of our capital ratios, in normal and stress situations,
                                         and of our debt issuer ratings.

§   Liquidity:
                                         it establishes that our liquidity must support long periods of stress. This is monitored
                                         through the follow up of our liquidity ratios.

§   Composition
                                         of results: it determines that our business will be focused mainly on Latin America,
                                         where we will have a diversified variety of customers and products, with low appetite
                                         for volatility of results and for high risks. This dimension comprises aspects of business
                                         and profitability, market and credit risks. Metrics monitored seek to ensure, by means
                                         of limits of exposure concentration, such as industry sectors, quality of counterparties,
                                         countries and geographical regions, and risk factors, the proper composition of our portfolios,
                                         aimed at the low volatility of our results and the sustainability of our business.

§   Operational
                                         risk: it focuses on the control of operational risk events that may negatively affect
                                         our business and operational strategy, and it is monitored through the follow up of the
                                         main operational risk events and losses incurred.

§   Reputation:
                                         it addresses risks that may affect the value of our brand and our reputation with customers,
                                         employees, regulators, investors and the general public. The risks in this dimension
                                         are monitored through the follow up of client satisfaction or dissatisfaction, our exposure
                                         in the media, in addition to the observance of our conduct.

The Board of Directors is responsible
for approving the guidelines and limits of risk appetite, performing its duties with the support of the Risk & Capital Management
Committee (CGRC) and our CRO.

Risk appetite is regularly monitored,
analyzed and reported to executive levels and to the Board of Directors. In case the monitoring of some metric point to a level
above the risk appetite, in normal or projected situations, there is a pre-established governance with authority of reporting,
including to the Board of Directors, which organizes necessary discussions and actions to be made to retake the exposures to the
desirable levels of risk appetite.

A-
84

Risk Culture

With the aim of strengthening our
values and aligning our employees’ behavior with the guidelines established in risk management, we have adopted a number of initiatives
to disseminate the risk culture. Our Risk Culture is based on four basic principles illustrated on the right side of this text.

These principles are our guidance,
which aim to help our employees to understand, identify, measure, manage and mitigate risks in a conscious way.

In addition to policies, procedures
and processes, risk culture strengthens the individual and collective responsibility of employees in the management of risks inherent
in the activities performed individually, respecting the ethical way of managing business.

We promote a risk culture, stressing
behavior which will help people at every level of the organization to consciously assume and manage risk. With these
principles disseminated throughout the institution, there is an incentive for risk to be understood and openly debated, to be
kept within the levels indicated by the risk appetite, and to be taken as the individual responsibility of each employee of
Itaú Unibanco, irrespective of their position, area or function.

We also provide channels to report operating
failures, internal or external fraud, workplace concerns or cases that may cause disorders and/or losses to us or prejudice clients.
All employees or third parties have the responsibility to communicate problems timely, as soon as they taken knowledge of the
situation.

Risk and capital governance

As previously mentioned, the CGRC is responsible
for supporting the Board of Directors in performing its duties related to our capital and risk management. At the executive level
we established subcommittees, chaired by our CEO, that are responsible for risk and capital management and report directly to
the Risk and Capital Management Committee. The Board of Directors is the main authority with respect to risk and capital management
decisions. The following committees are part of our risk and capital management governance structure:

Risk & Capital Management Committee
(CGRC):
supports the Board of Directors in performing its duties related to our

risk and capital management by meeting,
at least, four times annually, and submitting reports and recommendations to assist the Board of Directors in its decision-making
with respect to:

§   Decisions
                                         regarding the risk appetite of the institution, in terms of capital, liquidity, results,
                                         operational risk and reputation, ensuring these aspects are in alignment with our strategy
                                         and including: acceptable levels of capital and liquidity; types of risk to which we
                                         could be exposed as well as aggregate limits for each type of risk; tolerance with respect
                                         to volatility of results and risk concentrations; and general guidelines on tolerance
                                         regarding risks that may have an impact on the value of our brand (i.e., image risk);

§   Supervision
                                         of our risk management and control activities in order to ensure their suitability to
                                         the risk levels assumed and to the complexity of the operations as well as compliance
                                         with regulatory requirements;

§   Review
                                         and approval of policies and strategies for capital management, which establish mechanisms
                                         and procedures for maintaining capital compatible with the risks that are taken by us;

§   Establishing
                                         our minimum expected return on capital as a whole and for our lines of business as well
                                         as monitoring performance;

§   Supervision
                                         of our incentive structures, including compensation, seeking to ensure their alignment
                                         with risk control and value creation objectives; and

§   Fostering
                                         improvement in our Risk Culture.

A-
85

Please refer to the section Our governance,
item Management structure for further details about the Audit Committee responsibilities and for complementary information about
the CGRC.

Superior Market Risk and Liquidity Committee
(CSRML):
meets on a monthly basis and is responsible for setting guidelines

and governance for investments and market
and liquidity risks regarding our consolidated positions and business lines.

Superior Operational Risk Committee (CSRO):

meets on a bimonthly basis and is responsible for understanding the risks of our

processes and business, defining guidelines
for operational risks management and assessing the results achieved by our Internal Controls and Compliance System.

Superior Products Committee (CSP):
meets
on a weekly basis and is responsible for evaluating products, operations, services

and processes that are beyond the authority
of the Products Committees that report to it or that involve image risk to us.

Superior Credit Committee (CSC):
meets
on a weekly basis and is responsible for analyzing and deciding on credit proposals

that are beyond the authority of the
Credit Committees that report to it, and analyzing decisions which were not made due to a lack of consensus at the committee immediately
subordinate to it or cases where, due to the relevance or characteristics of the topic or other features, these Credit Committees
decide to submit to its review.

Superior Retail Credit and Collection Committee
(CSCCV):
meets on a monthly basis and is responsible for approving credit

policies and assessing the performance of
Retail Credit and Collection portfolios and strategies.

Superior Wholesale Credit and Collection
Committee (CSCCA):
meets on a monthly basis and is responsible for approving

credit policies and assessing the performance
of Wholesale Credit and Collection portfolios and strategies.

Additionally, we have subcommittees, chaired
by our CRO and CFO, which are also responsible for risk and capital management. They can report directly to the Risk and Capital
Management Committee or to the subcommittees mentioned above.

To support this structure, we have the Risks
& Finance Control and Management Area, structured with specialized departments and subordinated to our CRO and CFO, intending
to independently and in a centralized manner to ensure that the institution’s risks and capital are managed in accordance
with established policies and procedures.

Risk management

Credit risk

We define credit risk as the risk of loss
associated with: failure by a borrower, issuer or counterparty to fulfill their respective financial obligations as defined in
the contracts; value loss of a credit agreement resulting from a deterioration of the borrower’s, issuer’s or counterparty’s
credit rating; reduction of profits or income; benefits granted upon subsequent renegotiation; or debt recovery costs.

Our credit risk management is the primary
responsibility of all Business Areas and is aimed at maintaining the quality of the credit portfolio at levels that are consistent
with our risk appetite, for each market segment in which we operate. Our credit risk governance is managed through subcommittees,
which report to the Board of Directors or to our executive structure, and act primarily by assessing the competitive market conditions,
setting our credit limits, reviewing control practices and policies, and approving these actions at the respective authority levels.
This includes the risk communication and reporting processes, including disclosure of institutional and supplementary policies,
and other information, on credit risk management, are responsibility of this structure. We manage the credit risk to which it
is exposed during the entire credit cycle, from before approval, during the monitoring process and up to the collection or recovery
phase.

Our credit risk management and control structure
is centralized and independent of the business units and defines operational limits, risk mitigation mechanisms and processes,
and instruments to measure, monitor and control credit risk inherent to all products, portfolio concentrations and potential changes
in the economic environment. Our portfolio, policies and strategies are continuously monitored so as to ensure compliance with
the rules and laws in effect in each country.

The key assignments of the business areas
are (i) monitoring the portfolios under their responsibility, (ii) granting credit, taking into account approval levels, market
conditions, macroeconomic prospects, changes in markets and products and the effects of sector and geographical concentration,
and (iii) credit risk management aimed at making the business sustainable. Our credit policy is based on internal factors, such
as: client ratings, performance and evolution of our portfolio, default levels, return rates, economic capital, among others;
and on external factors such as: interest rates, market default indicators, inflation and changes in consumption, among others.
Policies and products’ evaluation process enables us to identify potential risks in order to ensure that credit decisions
make sense from an economic and risk perspective.

With respect to our individuals, small and
middle market companies, credit ratings are assigned based on two statistical models: (i) application (in the early stages of
our relationship with a customer) and (ii) behavior score (used for customers with whom we already have a relationship) models.
Extraordinarily, an individual analysis of specific cases may be performed, in which case credit approval follows applicable authority
levels.

A-
86

For large companies, classification is based
on information such as the counterparty’s economic and financial situation, its cash-generating capacity, the economic group
to which it belongs and the current and the prospective situation of the economic sector in which it operates. Credit proposals
are analyzed on a case-by-case basis through the approval governance. We have a structured process to maintain a diversified portfolio,
which is considered appropriate by our institution. The concentrations are monitored continuously for economic sectors, and largest
debtors, allowing preventive measures to be taken to avoid the violation of the established limits.

We rate government securities and other debt
instruments according to their credit quality parameters with the purpose of managing the exposures.

We also strictly control our credit exposure
to clients and counterparties, acting to reverse occasional limit breaches. We may use contractual covenants for these purposes,
such as the right to demand early payment or require additional collateral.

To measure credit risk, we take into account
the probability of default by the borrower, issuer or counterparty, the estimated amount of exposure in the event of default,
past losses from default and concentration of borrowers. Quantifying these risk components is part of the lending process, portfolio
management and definition of limits. Models are used as tools to quantify these factors, and contribute to more exact decision-making.

The models used by us are independently validated,
to ensure that the databases used in constructing the models are complete and accurate, and that the method of estimating parameters
is adequate, so as to reduce the modeling risk and keep the models calibrated, to that they reflect risk parameters more accurately.

We rely on a specific structure and processes
aimed at ensuring that the country is managed and controlled, including: (i) establishment of country ratings; (ii) determination
of limits for countries; and (iii) monitoring of limits.

In line with the principles of CMN regulation,
our credit risk management structure and institutional policy are approved by our Board of Directors and are applicable to all
companies and subsidiaries in Brazil and abroad.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 36 – Management of Financial Risks for further details about credit risk.

Loan approval process

Extensions of credit are approved based on
policies at the business unit level, determined in accordance with the assumptions of each department and our bank’s risk
appetite. The decision to extend credit may be granted by means of a pre-approval process or the traditional approval mechanism,
which is applied on a client by client basis. In both cases, the decisions are made based on principles of credit quality such
as credit rating supported by statistical models, percentage of income committed by/leverage of the client and credit restrictions
determined by us and the market.

The business units prepare and keep updated the policies and procedures
of the credit cycle.

The credit granting process contemplates the
use of credit protection services with the purpose of checking whether a client’s credit history includes information that
could be considered an obstacle to granting a loan, such as assets blocked by court orders, invalid tax payer identification numbers,
prior or pending debt restructuring or renegotiation processes and checks not honored due to insufficient funds.

The policy assessment process allows for the
identification of potential risks and is intended to ensure that credit decisions make sense from both an economic and a risk
perspective.

Individuals

Credit products offered at our branch network
and through our electronic channels include, among others, overdraft protection, credit cards, personal loans, payroll loans,
vehicle financing and mortgage loans.

In all cases, an internal credit score is
applied and a cut-off threshold is defined for each product line. Documentation required at the moment the client decides to open
an account with us or when we grant a loan includes an application form with the client’s signature, personal identification
and proof of income.

In the case of pre-approved credit, if a client’s
risk profile is within the cut-off threshold and parameters established under our credit policy, the credit is considered pre-approved
and is automatically available to the client. In the cases where credit is not pre-approved, credit review is carried out through
a traditional process under which proposals are assessed on an individual basis by a credit expert. Under this process, approvals
are decided by a credit desk, since commercial managers do not have authority to approve individual applications.

Credit cards

Our credit card business is comprised of Itaucard
and Hipercard credit cards as well as credit cards from associations and commercial agreements with significant retailers. Our
credit cards are available to account-holding or non-account holding clients, and can be applied for by telephone, internet or
points of service at our partner institutions.

The credit granting process for credit cards
includes a pre-qualification phase in which internal or market restrictive filters are applied. For eligible clients, the maximum
credit amount offered takes into consideration the client’s risk, based on statistical models specifically designed for
credit cards (application score) and on the applicants’ income. A fixed interest rate is applied to revolving credit transactions.

Personal loans

A-
87

Our decision on whether to grant loans to
our account holders takes into account the client’s income level and our internal client credit rating, which is based on
internally developed statistical models. Through these models, we determine which clients will receive credit offers and in which
amounts, the maximum number of installments and the maximum amount for monthly installments, based on fixed interest rates.

Payroll loans

Our payroll loan products are available to
account-holding or non-account holding clients. Fixed installments are directly deducted from the borrower’s payroll to
the bank´s account without being recorded in the debtor’s account.

The maximum percentage of installments to
income is defined by law and is limited to 35% of a payroll loan borrower’s net income (public sector employees), of which
5% should be devoted exclusively to credit cards. For private sector employees, the maximum percentage is 30%, with no additional
limit for credit cards.

Documentation required to receive a payroll
loan includes personal identification, proof of payroll and residence and proof of the bank account where the client receives
payroll benefits. If the salary is deposited with us, this documentation is not necessary.

Vehicle financing

Vehicle financing proposals are submitted
through (i) partner car dealers throughout Brazil for all types of clients (whether account holders or not) or (ii) directly at
our branches or through electronic channels for account holders.

A client’s internal credit rating and
the terms and conditions of the proposed transaction are taken into account before approving the proposal. If the proposed transaction
meets all of our credit policy requirements, which determine maximum installment amounts, loan to value, or LTV, and maturity,
and the client’s personal information is validated by credit protection services, the loan is automatically approved.

A fixed interest rate is set based on the
credit rating and the characteristics of the transaction. All vehicle financing transactions are secured by the asset itself,
and the maximum LTV is defined to support any possible stress periods.

Mortgage loans

In addition to real estate loans provided
through our branch network, we have entered into partnerships with large real estate brokers in Brazil, which originate real estate
financing, transactions for us on an exclusive basis and in different cities across the country.

The approval of real estate loans is based
on assumptions involving the portion of a client’s income to be committed to loan repayments, the client rating according
to our internal rating system and the maximum LTV, so that even under a stress scenario LTV is kept at adequate levels. Interest
rates are fixed.

The data included in the financing proposal
is analyzed, validated and confirmed by supporting documentation provided by the client. The proposal may be rejected if the information
provided to us is found to be inconsistent, the proposal fails to meet our current policy requirements or any requested information
fails to be provided.

Credit to very small and small companies

We offer products such as working capital financing and discount
of trade receivables to very small and small companies.

Credit limits to very small and small companies
are assigned according to a client’s revenues and are based on a business risk assessment, as well as on other criteria
such as the financial condition of the company´s stockholders or partners, the identification of possible credit restrictions
and an evaluation of the economic sector in which the company operates. Documentation required includes the company’s governing
documents, proof of revenues and information on the partners or stockholders.

Similarly to our procedures for granting of
loans to individuals, credit may be granted to very small and small companies pursuant to a pre-approved limit or subject to an
individual analysis by a credit desk.

Much of the credit we extend to for companies
in this segment requires the provision of collateral or guarantees. Transactions to finance the production of goods usually require
machinery and equipment as collateral. Working capital financing may be collateralized by trade receivables, checks receivable
or credit cards receivable or may be collateralized by the company’s partners or stockholders and/or third parties.

Interest rates can be fixed or variable depending on the product
that is chosen by the client.

Credit to middle-market and large companies

The credit analysis process for middle-market
and large companies is carried out based on the financial condition of such companies and any corporate groups to which they belong.
The credit analysis takes into account the company’s history, financial capacity and adequacy of the requested transaction
to the client’s needs. This analysis is based on the company’s

A-
88

financial statements (balance sheet, statement of income,
statement of cash flows), on-site meetings with the company, market conditions, analysis of the economic sector in which the company
operates and inquiries into credit protection services.

A commensurate environmental and social assessment
is undertaken for every company with whom we keep a credit relationship. As appropriate, an action plan may be created as a result
of this analysis in order to bring the client into compliance with our internal policies. A recommendation for credit denial may
also be issued as an outcome of such assessment.

The proposed maximum credit amount extended
and the client internal rating, with a defined cut-off, are submitted to the appropriate credit authorization levels depending
on the amount involved, term of the transaction and available security or guarantees, in accordance with our governance policies.
Interest rates can be fixed or variable depending on the product that is chosen by the client within the credit limit approved.

Foreign units

The individual and legal entities of foreign
units follow procedures similar to those applied to individuals and the corporate segments mentioned above. For the individuals
segment, lending is mainly based on income level, internal credit score and internal credit rating. In the corporate segment,
the granting of credit is based on the economic and financial analysis of the client.

Credit granting in our subsidiaries operating
outside of Brazil follows the same corporate governance and policies described above. All subsidiaries are subject to a corporate
monitoring of credit portfolios, in Brazil, as well as credit granting rules according to the characteristics of each subsidiary,
including appropriate approval authority levels in Brazil, and is responsible for the corporate governance related to credit granting.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 36 – Management of financial risks, Credit risk, 3. Collateral and policies for
mitigating credit risk, for further details about our risk mitigating instruments.

Market risk

Market risk is the possibility of losses resulting
from fluctuations in the market value of positions held by a financial institution, including the risk subject to variations in
foreign exchange rates, interest rates, price indexes, equity and commodity prices, with various indexes based on these risk factors.

Market risk management is the process by which
our management monitors and controls risk of variations in the value of financial instruments due to market movements, while aiming
to optimize the risk-return ratio through an adequate limits structure, alerts, effective risk management models and tools.

Our policies and general market risk management
framework are in line with the principles contained in the regulation of CMN and the Central Bank. These principles guide the
institution’s approach to market risk control and management across all business units and legal entities of the Itaú
Unibanco Group.

Our market risk management strategy is aimed at balancing corporate
business goals, taking into account, among other things:

·   political,
                                         economic and market conditions;

·   the
                                         profile of our portfolio; and

·   capacity
                                         to act in specific markets.

Our market risk management framework is subject
to the governance and hierarchy of committees and to a structure of limits and alerts, with specific limits assigned to different
levels and classes of market risk (such as interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, among others). This structure of limits
and alerts covers from aggregated risk indicators at the portfolio level, to more granular limits at the individual desk level.
The market risk limits framework extends to the risk factor level, with specific limits and is aimed at improving the process
of risk monitoring and understanding, as well as preventing risk concentration. Limits and alerts are calibrated based on projections
of future balance sheets, stockholders’ equity, liquidity, complexity and market volatility, as well as our risk appetite.
Limits are monitored on a daily basis and both breaches and potential breaches of limits are reported and discussed in accordance
with the following procedure:

·   within
                                         one business day, for management of responsible business units and executives in the
                                         risk control area and business areas; and

·   within
                                         one month, for the competent committees.

Daily risk reports, used by the business and
control areas, are also distributed to the executive responsible for managing the risks. In addition, our market risk management
and control process is subject to periodic reviews, to ensure it reflects alignment with best market practices, and continues
to improve over time.

Our structure of limits and alerts follows
the guidelines provided by the Board of Directors. These are approved by the relevant committees. The process for defining limit
levels and reporting violations is subject to our institutional governance policies of approval. The established information flow
is intended to provide this information to various executive levels of the institution, including members of the Board of Directors
through the committees responsible for risk management. This structure of limits and alerts increases control effectiveness and
coverage, and is reviewed at least once a year.

The key principles underlying our market risk control
structure are as follows:

A-
89

·   provide
                                         visibility and comfort for all senior management levels that market risks assumed must
                                         be in line with our risk-return objectives;

·   provide
                                         disciplined and informed dialogue on the overall market risk profile and its evolution
                                         over time;

·   increase
                                         transparency as to how the business works to optimize results;

·   provide
                                         early warning mechanisms to facilitate effective risk management, without obstructing
                                         the business objectives; and

·   monitor
                                         and avoid concentration of risks.

Market risk is controlled by an area independent
from business units, which is responsible for the daily activities: (i) measuring and assessing risk; (ii) monitoring stress scenarios,
limits and alerts; (iii) applying, analyzing and testing stress scenarios; (iv) reporting risk to the executives responsible in
the business units, in compliance with our governance; (v) monitoring the measures needed to adjust positions and/or levels of
risk to make them viable; and (vi) supporting the secure launch of new financial products. For this, we have a structured process
of communication and information flow, which provides information to our committees and ensures compliance with the requirements
of Brazilian and foreign regulatory agencies.

We hedge transactions with clients and proprietary
positions, including foreign investments, in order to mitigate risks arising from fluctuations in market risk factors and maintain
positions on the limits. Derivatives are commonly used for these hedging activities. When these transactions are considered as
hedges for accounting purposes, specific supporting documentation is provided, including ongoing follow up of the hedge effectiveness
(retrospective and prospective) and other changes in the accounting process. The accounting and managerial hedging procedures
are governed by our internal institutional polices.

Our market risk framework categorizes transactions
as part of either part of our trading book (“Trading Book”) or banking book (“Banking Book”), in accordance
with general criteria established by specific regulation.

Our Trading Book is composed of all trades
with financial and commodity instruments (including derivatives) undertaken with the intention of trading.

Our Banking Book is predominantly characterized
by portfolios originated from the banking business and operations related to balance sheet management. As a general rule, this
book’s portfolios are intended to be either held to maturity, or sold in the medium or long term.

Market risk exposures inherent in various
financial instruments, including derivatives, are composed of various risk factors that refer to a market parameter whose variation
impacts a position’s valuation. The main risk factors measured by us are:

·   Interest
                                         rates: risk of loss on transactions subject to changes in interest rate, foreign currency
                                         coupons or price-index coupons;

·   Currencies:
                                         risk of loss on transactions subject to currency variations;

·   Equities:
                                         risk of loss on transactions subject to changes in the price of equities;

·   Commodities:
                                         risk of loss on transactions subject to changes in commodities prices.

CMN has regulations establishing the segregation
of market risk exposure at a minimum into the following categories: interest rates, FX rates, equities and commodities. Brazilian
inflation indexes are treated as a group of risk indicators and receive the same treatment of the other risk indicators, such
as interest rates and FX rates, and follows the governance and risk limits framework adopted for market risk management.

Market risk is analyzed based on the following key metrics:

·   Value
                                         at Risk (VaR): a statistical metric that quantifies the maximum potential economic loss
                                         expected in normal market conditions, considering a defined holding period and confidence
                                         level;

·   Losses
                                         in Stress Scenarios (Stress Testing): a simulation technique to evaluate the impact,
                                         in the assets, liabilities and derivatives of the portfolio, of various risk factors
                                         in extreme market situations (based on prospective and historic scenarios);

·   Stop
                                         Loss: metrics that trigger a management review of positions, if the accumulated losses
                                         in a given period reach specified levels;

·   Concentration:
                                         cumulative exposure of certain financial instruments or risk factors calculated at market
                                         value (mark to market); and

·   Stressed
                                         VaR: a statistical metric derived from VaR calculation, aimed at capturing the biggest
                                         risk in simulations of the current portfolio, taking into consideration the observable
                                         returns in historical scenarios of extreme volatility.

In addition to the risk metrics described
above, sensitivity and loss control measures are also analyzed. They include:

·   Gap
                                         Analysis: accumulated exposure of cash flows by risk factor, which are marked-to-market
                                         and positioned by settlement dates;

·   Sensitivity
                                         (DV01 – Delta Variation Risk): impact on the market value of cash flows when a
                                         one basis point change is applied to current interest rates or on the index rates; and

·   Sensitivities
                                         to Various Risk Factors (Greek): partial derivatives of a portfolio of options on the
                                         prices of the underlying assets, implied volatilities, interest rates and time.

A-
90

Please refer to our Complete Financial Statements
(IFRS), Note 36 – Management of financial risks for further details about Market risk.

VaR – Consolidated Itaú Unibanco Holding

Our consolidated VaR is calculated through
the Historical Simulation methodology, which fully reflects all positions based on the historical series of asset prices.

Since the first quarter of 2016, we opted
for including the exposures of each foreign unit in the calculation of the Consolidated VaR, so as to take into account the risk
factors of these units, thus improving the methodology used.

As from the third quarter of 2016, we have
been calculating VaR for the regulatory portfolio (exposure of the trading portfolio and exposure to foreign currency and commodities
of the banking portfolio) according to internal models approved by the Central Bank. Thus, details of risk factors (shown in the
VaR – Consolidated and VaR and Stressed VaR Internal Model tables – Regulatory Portfolio) have been standardized to
comply with the Central Bank’s rules.

The Consolidated Total VaR table provides an analysis of our portfolio
exposure to market risk.

Global VaR (Historical Simulation approach) (1)   Average   Minimum   Maximum   December 31, 2016   Average   Minimum   Maximum   December 31, 2015
(In millions of R$)
Group of Risk Factor
Interest rate   482.5   323.7   607.4   607.4   363.5   314.2   606.4   347.1
FX rate   18.4   6.8   33.2   17.0   47.1   11.3   118.6   12.3
Equities   45.2   34.0   63.3   44.3   16.9   6.9   57.2   46.9
Commodities   1.7   0.7   4.0   0.8   1.8   0.8   8.5   2.1
Diversification effect (2)   (339.7   )   (204.4   )
Total   236.6   155.1   341.5   329.8   207.0   152.3   340.7   204.0

(1)   Determined in local currency and
                                         converted into Brazilian reais at the closing price on the reporting date.

(2)   Reduction of risk due to the combination
                                         of all risk factors.

On December 31, 2016, our average global VaR
(Historical Simulation) was R$236.6 million, or 0.18% of our consolidated stockholders’ equity on December 31, 2016, compared
to our average global VaR (Historical Simulation) of R$207.0 million on December 31, 2015, or 0.18% of our consolidated stockholders’
equity on December 31, 2015.

VaR – Trading Portfolio

The following table presents risks arising
from all positions with the intention of trading, following the criteria defined above for our Trading Portfolio. Our total average
Trading Portfolio VaR was R$38.6 million on December 31, 2016, compared to R$23.6 million on December 31, 2015 and to R$25.7 million
on December 31, 2014.

Trading Portfolio VaR (1)   Average   Minimum   Maximum   December 31, 2016   Average   Minimum   Maximum   December 31, 2015
(In millions of R$)
Group of Risk Factor
Interest rate   41.0   15.6   69.5   49.1   26.4   11.2   48.9   22.4
FX rate   8.9   3.5   20.8   11.0   39.9   8.9   107.7   9.2
Equities   7.9   3.3   23.8   4.0   4.1   2.3   7.3   5.0
Commodities   1.6   0.5   5.3   0.8   1.8   0.8   6.7   1.5
Diversification effect (2)   (18.3   )   (17.3   )
Total   38.6   16.2   69.4   46.6   23.6   10.6   49.4   20.8

(1)   Determined in local currency
                                         and converted into Brazilian reais at the closing price on the reporting date.

(2)   Reduction of risk due to the
                                         combination of all risk factors.

Sensitivity analyses (Trading and Banking Portfolios)

As required by Brazilian regulation, we conduct
sensitivity analysis for market risk factors considered important. The highest resulting losses are presented below, with impact
on result, by risk factor, in each such scenario and are calculated net of tax effects, providing a view of our exposure under
different circumstances.

The sensitivity analyses of the Trading Portfolio
and Banking Portfolio presented here are based on a static assessment of the portfolio exposure. Therefore, such analyses do not
consider the dynamic response capacity of management (e.g., treasury and market risk control unit) to initiate mitigating measures,
whenever a situation of high loss or risk is identified, minimizing the possibility of significant losses. In addition, the analysis
is intended to assess risk exposure and the respective protective

A-
91

 actions, taking into account the fair value of financial instruments,
regardless of whether or not financial instruments are accounted for on an accrual basis.

Exposures   Trading
    Portfolio (1) December 31, 2016   Trading
    and Banking Portfolios (1) December 31, 2016
Risk Factors   Risk
    of change   Scenario
    I   Scenario
    II   Scenario
    III   Scenario
    I   Scenario
    II   Scenario
    III
(In thousands of R$)
Interest Rate   Fixed Income Interest Rates in reais   (955   )   (228,625   )   (435,116   )   (7,345   )   (2,057,375   )   (3,995,498   )
Foreign Exchange Linked   Foreign Exchange Linked Interest Rates   46   (1,951   )   (4,175   )   (2,464   )   (337,588   )   (634,962   )
Foreign Exchange Rates   Prices of Foreign Currencies   2,914   (17,787   )   (5,666   )   3,013   (45,554   )   (67,157   )
Price Index Linked   Prices Indexes Linked Interest Rates   (169   )   (22,931   )   (48,586   )   (1,450   )   (84,699   )   (341,304   )
TR   TR Linked Interest Rates   -   (6   )   (11   )   615   (160,773   )   (375,571   )
Equities   Prices of Equities   (377   )   (30,311   )   (120,993   )   4,056   (139,583   )   (339,535   )
Other   Other relevant market rates or prices   (13   )   (314   )   549   (27   )   (523   )   625
Total   1,446   (301,925   )   (613,998   )   (3,602   )   (2,826,095   )   (5,753,402   )

(1)   Amounts net of tax effects.

·   Scenario
                                         I: Addition of one basis point to fixed interest rates, currency coupon, inflation and
                                         interest rate indexes and one percentage point to currency and equity prices;

·   Scenario
                                         II: Shocks of 25 percent in fixed interest rates, currency coupon, inflation, interest
                                         rate indexes and currency and share prices, both for growth and fall, considering the
                                         largest resulting losses per risk factor; and

·   Scenario
                                         III: Shocks of 50 percent in fixed interest rates, currency coupon, inflation, interest
                                         rate indexes and currency and share prices, both for growth and fall, considering the
                                         largest resulting losses per risk factor.

Interest rate sensitivity

Interest rate sensitivity is the relationship
between market interest rates and net interest income arising from the maturity or the characteristics of the renegotiation of
prices of interest-bearing assets and liabilities.

Our strategy for interest rate sensitivity
considers the return rates, the underlying risk level and the liquidity requirements, including our minimum regulatory cash reserves,
mandatory liquidity ratios, withdrawals and maturity of deposits, capital costs and additional demand for funds.

The pricing structure is matched when equal
amounts of these assets or liabilities mature or are renegotiated. Any mismatch of interest-bearing assets and liabilities is
known as a gap position. The interest rate sensitivity may vary in the renegotiation periods presented due to the different renegotiation
dates within the period. Also, variations among the different currencies in which the interest rate positions are denominated
may arise.

These relationships are material for a particular
date, and significant fluctuations may occur on a daily basis as a result of both the market forces and management decisions.
Our Superior Market Risk and Liquidity Committee (CSRML) analyzes Itaú Unibanco Group’s mismatch position on a monthly
basis and establishes limits for market risk exposure, interest rate positions and foreign currency positions.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements in IFRS, Note 36 – Management of Financial Risks for further details about the position of
our interest-bearing assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2016. Note 36 to our complete financial statements provides a snapshot
view, and accordingly, does not reflect the interest rate gaps that may exist at other times, due to changing asset and liability
positions, and management’s actions to manage the risk in these changing positions.

Exchange rate sensitivity

Most of our banking operations are denominated
in or indexed to Brazilian
reais
. We also have assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency, mainly in U.S. dollars,
as well as assets and liabilities that, although denominated in Brazilian
reais
, are indexed to U.S. dollars and, therefore,
expose us to exchange rate risk. The Central Bank regulates our foreign currency positions. Please refer to section Performance,
item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 36 – Management of financial risks for further details.

The gap management policy adopted by the Superior
Market Risk and Liquidity Committee (CSRML) takes into consideration the tax effects with respect to our foreign exchange positions.
Since the gains from the foreign exchange rate variation on investments abroad are not taxed, we set up a hedge (a liability in
foreign currency derivative instruments) in an amount sufficient so that our total foreign exchange exposure, net of tax effects,
is consistent with our low risk exposure strategy.

Our foreign exchange position on the liability
side is composed of various elements, including the issuance of securities in international capital markets, credit from foreign
banks used to finance import and export transactions, dollar-linked on-lendings from government financial institutions and deposits
in currencies from Latin America countries. The proceeds of these financial operations are usually invested in loans and in the
purchase of dollar-linked securities.

The following information was prepared on a consolidated basis, eliminating transactions between related parties. Our investments abroad, which are
eliminated when we consolidate the accounting information, represented R$72.4 billion as of

A-
92

December 31, 2016, under the gap
management policy adopted, as mentioned above. Note that we apply either economic hedges or hedge accounting to those net
investments abroad.

As
    of December 31, 2016
Exchange
    rate sensitivity   Brazilian currency   Denominated
    in foreign currency (1)   Indexed
    to foreign currency (1)   Total   %
    of amounts denominated in and indexed to foreign currency of total
(In millions of R$, except
    percentages)
Assets   1,049,362   279,132   24,747   1,353,241   22.5
Cash and deposits on demand   5,946   11,464   1,132   18,542   67.9
Central Bank compulsory deposits   80,331   5,369   -   85,700   6.3
Interbank deposits   6,044   16,648   -   22,692   73.4
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   264,080   971   -   265,051   0.4
Held-for-trading financial assets   191,250   10,745   2,653   204,648   6.5
Financial assets designated at fair value through
    profit or loss   1,191   -   -   1,191   -
Derivatives   10,710   8,887   4,634   24,231   55.8
Available-for-sale financial assets   52,859   34,748   670   88,277   40.1
Held-to-maturity financial assets   27,436   13,059   -   40,495   32.2
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio   318,621   162,006   9,739   490,366   35.0
Allowance for loan and lease losses   (21,828   )   (4,654   )   (490   )   (26,972   )   19.1
Other financial assets   41,683   6,003   6,231   53,917   22.7
Investments in associates and joint ventures   5,071   2   -   5,073   0.0
Goodwill   3,085   6,590   -   9,675   68.1
Fixed assets, net   7,285   757   -   8,042   9.4
Intangibles assets, net   5,510   1,871   -   7,381   25.3
Tax assets   42,334   1,940   -   44,274   4.4
Assets held for sale   547   84   -   631   13.3
Other assets   7,207   2,642   178   10,027   28.1
Percentage
    of total assets   77.6   %   20.6   %   1.8   %   100.0   %
Liabilities and Stockholders’
    Equity   1,049,276   286,829   17,136   1,353,241   22.5
Deposits   192,447   136,485   482   329,414   41.6
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   328,226   20,938   -   349,164   6.0
Financial liabilities held for trading   -   519   -   519   100.0
Derivatives   13,389   7,480   3,829   24,698   45.8
Interbank market debt   90,848   43,042   1,593   135,483   32.9
Institutional market debt   31,651   64,005   583   96,239   67.1
Other financial liabilities   57,426   7,639   6,767   71,832   20.1
Reserves for insurance and private pension   153,995   81   -   154,076   0.1
Liabilities for capitalization plans   3,147   -   -   3,147   -
Provisions   20,700   209   -   20,909   1.0
Tax liabilities   4,774   1,062   -   5,836   18.2
Other liabilities   17,859   5,369   3,882   27,110   34.1
Non-controlling interests   12,232   -   -   12,232   -
Total stockholders’ equity attributed to
    the owners of the parent Company   122,582   -   -   122,582   -
Percentage
    of total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   77.5   %   21.2   %   1.3   %   100.0   %

(1) Predominantly U.S. dollar.

Note that the information presented in the table above
is not prepared on the same basis as presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Backtesting

The effectiveness of the VaR model is validated
by the use of backtesting techniques, which compares hypothetical and effective daily results with the estimated daily VaR. The
number of exceptions to the VaR pre-estabilished limits should be consistent, within an acceptable margin, with the hypothesis
of 99% confidence level considering a period of 250 business days. Confidence levels of 97.5% and 95%, and periods of 500 and
750 business days are also considered. The backtesting analysis presented below considers the ranges suggested by the Basel Committee
on banking supervision. The ranges are divided into:

·   Green
                                         (0 to 4 exceptions): corresponds to backtesting results that do not suggest any problems
                                         with the quality or accuracy of the adopted models;

·   Yellow
                                         (5 to 9 exceptions): refers to an intermediate range group, which indicates an early
                                         warning and/or monitoring and may indicate the need of reviewing the model; and

·   Red
                                         (10 or more exceptions): demonstrate the need for an improvement action.

According to Central Bank Circular No. 3,646,
hypothetical testing consists of applying market price variations for a specific day to the portfolio balance at the end of the
preceding business day. The effective test is the variation in the portfolio value up to the end of the day, including intraday
transactions and excluding amounts not related to market price variations, such as fees, brokerage fees and commissions.

The Backtesting with Confidence level of 99%,
and period of 250 business days, did not show failures in relation to effective and hypothetical results in the period.

A-
93

Operational risk

Operational risk is defined as the possibility
of losses arising from failure, deficiency or inadequacy of internal processes, people or systems or from external events that
affect the achievement of strategic, tactical or operational objectives. It includes legal risk associated with inadequacy or
deficiency in contracts signed by us, as well as penalties due to noncompliance with laws and punitive damages to third parties
arising from the activities undertaken by us.

Internally, we classify its risks events in:

·   Internal
                                         fraud;

·   External
                                         fraud;

·   Labor
                                         claims and deficient security in the workplace;

·   Inadequate
                                         practices related to clients, products and services;

·   Damages
                                         to our own physical assets or assets in use;

·   Interruption
                                         of our activities;

·   Failures
                                         in information technology systems; and

·   Failures
                                         in the performance, compliance with deadlines and management of our activities.

In line with CMN and Central Bank regulations,
we have an operational risk management structure and institutional policy, which are annually approved by the Board of Directors
and are applicable to our local and foreign companies and subsidiaries. We have a governance process that is structured through
forums and subcommittees composed of senior management, which, in turn, report to the Board of Directors, and by well-defined
roles and responsibilities in order to reinforce the segregation of the business and management and control activities, ensuring
independence between the areas and, consequently, well-balanced decisions with respect to risks. This is reflected in the risk
management process carried out on a decentralized basis under the responsibility of the business areas and by a centralized control
carried out by the internal control, compliance and operational risk department.

The objective of managing operational risk
is to support decision-making, seeking always to identify and assess risks correctly, to create value for the shareholders and
to protect our assets and our image. The managers of the executive areas use corporate methods constructed and made available
by the internal control, compliance and operational risk area, so as to guarantee the quality of the control environments and
comply with internal guidelines and current regulations.

Among the methodologies and tools used are
the self-evaluation and the map of our prioritized risks, the approval of processes, products, and system development products
and projects, the monitoring of key risk indicators that and the database of operational losses, guaranteeing a single conceptual
basis for managing processes, systems, projects and new products and services.

Operational risk management includes conduct
risk, which is subject to mitigating procedures to assess product design (suitability) and incentive models. The inspection area
is responsible for fraud prevention. Irrespective of their origin, specific cases may be handled by risk committees and integrity
and ethics committees.

Within the governance of the risk management
process, the consolidated reports on risk monitoring, controls, action plans and operational losses are regularly presented to
the business area executives.

It is worth noting that the dissemination
of the risk and control culture to the employees by means of training is an important pillar, aimed at providing a better understanding
of the matter and playing a relevant role in its mitigation.

Cyber Security

We have structured solutions in an effort
to mitigate the main threats posed by cyberattacks at different levels of our organization, through the definition of policies,
processes and procedures that support the entire chain of information.

We monitor and address all types of attacks
and security incidents. We have a certified IT staff with knowledge of various technologies. We control the access to our systems
and digital resources, while constantly updating our registry to maintain a high level of security and avoid breaches and unauthorized
access. We employ state-of-the-art technology in seeking to secure our network and data, as well as other barriers such as restricted
access to our servers, facilities, and virtual environments, through the use of firewalls, password-protection and encryption.

Our Corporate Security area works together
with our business, IT, internal controls and internal audit teams to keep our systems always up-to-date, seeking to reduce financial
losses and reputational damages in Brazil and abroad that could result from cyber attacks.

Crisis management and business continuity

The purpose of our Business Continuity Program
is to protect our employees, ensure the continuity of the critical functions of our business lines, safeguard revenue and sustain
both a stable financial market in which we operate and the trust of our clients and strategic partners in providing our services
and products.

Our Business Continuity Program is composed
of procedures for relocating and/or recovering operations in response to a variety of interruption levels and can be divided into
two key elements:

A-
94

·   Crisis
                                         Management: centralized communication and response processes to manage business interruption
                                         events and any other types of threats to our image and reputation of its identity before
                                         its employees, clients, strategic partners and regulators. Our structure has a command
                                         center that constantly monitors daily operations, as well as the media channels in which
                                         we are mentioned. Our success of crisis management takes place through the focal agents,
                                         who are the representatives appointed by the business areas
and that work in the monitoring of potential problems, resolution of crisis, resumption of business, improvement of processes
and search for prevention actions; and

·   Business
                                         Continuity Plans (BCP): document with procedures and information, developed, consolidated
                                         and maintained available for use during possible incidents, allowing the resumption of
                                         critical activities in acceptable terms and conditions. For the quick and safe resumption
                                         of operations, we have established, in our BCP, corporate wide and customized actions
                                         for our lines of business by means of:

·   Disaster
                                         Recovery Plan: focused on the recovery of our primary data center, ensuring the continuity
                                         of the processing of critical systems within minimum pre-established periods;

·   Workplace
                                         Contingency Plan: employees responsible for carrying out critical business functions
                                         have alternative facilities from which to perform their activities in the event the buildings
                                         in which they usually work become unavailable. There are approximately 2,000 contingency
                                         dedicated seats that are fully equipped to meet the needs of critical business units
                                         in emergency situations;

·   Emergency
                                         Plan: procedures aimed at minimizing the effects of emergency situations that may impact
                                         our facilities, with a preventive focus; and

·   Processes
                                         Contingency Plan: alternatives (Plan B) to carry out the critical processes identified
                                         in the business areas.

In order to keep the continuity solutions aligned with the business
requirements the program applies the following tools to understand the institution:

·   Business
                                         Impact Analysis (BIA): evaluates how critical it is to resume processes that support
                                         the delivery of products and services. Through this analysis, the business’ resumption
                                         priorities are defined; and

·   Threats
                                         and Vulnerabilities Analysis (AVA): identification of threats to the locations where
                                         our buildings are located. The controls’ efficiency is evaluated against potential
                                         threats in order to identify vulnerabilities so that controls are adjusted or implemented
                                         to enhance the resilience level of our critical facilities.

Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/Corporate_Business_Continuity_Policy.pdf,
for further details about our Corporate Business Continuity Policy.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is defined as the likelihood
that an institution will not being able to effectively honor its expected and unexpected obligations, current and future, including
those from guarantees commitment, without affecting its daily operations or incurring significant losses.

Our liquidity risk control is carried out
by an independent group of our business units that is responsible for determining the composition of our reserves, proposing assumptions
for the performance of cash flows, identifying, assessing, monitoring, controlling and reporting on a daily basis the exposure
to liquidity risk, in different timeframes, proposing liquidity risk limits in accordance with the group risk appetite, communicating
any mismatches, considering liquidity risk on an individual basis in the countries where we operate, simulating the behavior of
cash flows in stress conditions, assessing and reporting in advance the risks inherent to new products and operations, as well
as reporting on the information required by the regulatory agencies. All activities are subject to assessment by our independent
validation, internal controls and audit departments.

The liquidity risk measurement comprises all
financial trades of our companies, as well as possible contingent and unexpected exposures, such as those derived from settlement
services, provision of sureties and guarantees, and credit lines contracted and not used.

Our liquidity policies and associated limits
are established based on prospective scenarios, reviewed periodically and based on definitions from senior management.

We manage and control liquidity risk on a
daily basis, through governance approved at subcommittees, which provides, among other activities, the adoption of minimum liquidity
limits, sufficient to absorb possible cash losses under situations of stress, measured by means of both in-house and regulatory
methodologies.

Additionally, and pursuant to the requirements
of CMN and Central Bank regulations, we are required to deliver on a monthly basis our Liquidity Risk Statements (DLR) to the
Central Bank and the following items are regularly prepared and submitted to the senior management for monitoring and decision
support:

·   different
                                         scenarios for liquidity projections;

·   contingency
                                         plans for crisis situations;

·   reports
                                         and charts to enable monitoring risk positions;

·   assessment
                                         of funding costs and alternatives; and

A-
95

·   tracking,
                                         monitoring and continuously control of funding sources considering counterparty type,
                                         maturity and other aspects.

Please refer to section performance, item
Financial Performance, Results, for further details about liquidity and capital resources.

As from the second quarter of 2016, we started
to report the average of our liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) for the period, which is calculated based on the methodology defined
by Central Bank regulation, which is in line with the international guidelines. In 2016, the minimum required by the Central Bank
is 70%. The average ratio for the fourth quarter was 212.8%. We have diversified sources of funding, of which a significant portion
comes from the retail segment. Our principal sources of funds are deposits, savings, issuance of securities and funds from acceptances.

Please refer to section performance, item
Financial Performance, Liabilities, for further details about funding and results and item Complete financial statements (IFRS),
Note 17 – Deposits, Note 19 – Securities sold under Repurchase agreements and Interbank and institutional market debts,
and Note 36 – Management of financial risks for further details.

Please refer to section Our risk management,
item Regulatory environment, for further details about the implementation of Basel III in Brazil.

Social and environmental risk

We see social and environmental risk as the
risk of potential losses due to exposure to social and environmental events arising from the performance of our activities.

Mitigation actions of social and environmental
risk are carried out through processes mappings, internal controls, monitoring new regulations on the subject, and recording occurrences
in internal databases.

In addition, risks identified, prioritized
and actions taken are reported to our management of social and environmental risk. Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/POLICY_FOR_SUSTAINABILITY_RI_2015__ING_.pdf,
for further details about our Sustainability and Social Environmental Responsability Policy.

The social and environmental risk management
is carried out by the first line of defense in its daily operations, supplemented by a technical support of our legal and risk
control area, which has a team specialized in social and environmental management. Business units also have their criteria for
the approval of new products, including assessing the social and environmental risks, which ensures compliance in all new products
and processes employed by the institution. Governance with respect to these risks also includes the Social and Environmental Risk
Committee, which is primarily responsible for emitting institutional views of social and environmental risk exposure related to
our activities and operations.

Our efforts to improve the assessment of social
and environmental risks have been recognized as a benchmark in Brazil and abroad, as shown by our recurring presence in the major
sustainability indexes abroad, such as the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, and the Euronext Vigeo – Emerging 70. In Brazil,
we are included in the Corporate Sustainability Index. We have also been awarded numerous prizes on the subject.

Reputational risk

We define reputational risk as the risk arising
from internal practices, risk events and external factors that may generate a negative perception of our bank among clients, counterparties,
stockholders, investors, supervisors, commercial partners, among others, which could affect the value of our brand and financial
losses, in addition to adversely affecting our capability to maintain our existing commercial relations, start new businesses
and continue to have access to financing sources.

We believe that our reputation is extremely
important in achieving our long-term goals which is why the institution tries to align its speech with ethical and transparent
practice and work, which is essential to raise the confidence of Itaú Unibanco’s stakeholders. Itaú Unibanco’s
reputation depends on its strategy (vision, culture and skills) and derives from direct or indirect experience of the relationship
between Itaú Unibanco and its stakeholders.

Since reputational risk directly or indirectly
permeates all of our operations and processes, we have an infrastructure governance that seeks to ensure that potential reputational
risks are identified, analyzed and managed while in the initial phases of its operations and the analysis of new products.

The treatment given to reputational risk is
structured by means of many processes and internal initiatives, which, in turn, are supported by internal policies, which seek
to provide mechanisms for the monitoring, management, control and mitigation of the main reputational risks. Among them are (i)
risk appetite statement; (ii) process for the prevention and fight against the use of Itaú Unibanco in unlawful acts; (iii)
crisis management processes and business continuity procedures; (iv) processes and guidelines with respect to governmental and
institutional relations; (v) corporate communication processes; (vi) brand management processes; (vii) ombudsman offices initiatives
and commitment to customer satisfaction; and (viii) ethics guidelines and the prevention of corruption.

Regulatory risk

We consider regulatory risk as the risk arising
from losses due to fines, sanctions and other penalties applied by regulatory agencies resulting from lack of compliance with
regulatory requirements. The regulatory risk is managed through a structured

A-
96

process aimed at identifying changes in the regulatory
environment, analyzing their impacts on the institution and monitoring the implementation of actions to comply with regulatory
requirements.

We have a structure flow established in
internal policies to recognize, distribute, monitor and comply with regulatory requirements. This structure involves various
areas of the institution, and consists of: (i) lines of defense; (ii) monitoring draft legislation, public notices and public
hearings; (iii) monitoring new rules and definition of action plans; (iv) relationship with regulators and professional
organizations; (v) monitoring action plans; (vi) controlling compliance with legal decisions and TAC (conduct adjustment
agreements), executed in public civil actions. In addition, the institution’s risks are classified and prioritized
according to our internal control methodology.

Model risk

Our risk management already has proprietary
models for risk management that are continuously monitored and reviewed whenever necessary, which aim at ensuring effective strategic
and business decisions.

Model risk is defined as the risk that arises
from the models used by us not correctly reflecting, on a consistent basis, the relationships of variables of interest, which
can create results that systematically differ from actual results. This risk may materialize due the application of models to
situations that differ from those originally modeled for or as a result of methodological inadequacies during their development.

The
best market practices are used to manage the modeling risks to which the institution is exposed during the entire lifetime of
each model utilized. Best market practice can be classified into four main steps: development, implementation, validation and
use. The best practices used by the institution with respect to model risk control include:
(
i)
certification of the quality of the database used
;

(ii) application of a check-list of essential steps to be taken during the model in question’s development; (iii) the use
of conservative estimates in judgmental models; (iv) use of external benchmarks; (v) approval of results generated in model implementation;
(vi) independent technical validation of models; (vii) validation of use of models; (viii) assessments of the impact in the use
of models; (ix) monitoring of performance of models; and (x) monitoring of the distribution of the explanatory variables and final
score with respect to a model.

Country risk

Country risk is defined as the risks of losses
arising from noncompliance with the financial obligations in the terms agreed upon by borrowers, issuers, counterparties or guarantors
as a result of actions taken by the government of the country where the borrower, issuer, counterparty or guarantor is located
or of political, economic and social events related to the country.

We operate in many other countries in addition
to Brazil. In addition to our foreign units, we have a relationship with borrowers, issuers, counterparties and guarantors from
many places in the world, regardless of whether we have a foreign unit in the place where the borrower, issuer, counterparty or
guarantor is located.

We have a specific structure for the management
and control of country risk, consisting of commissions and committees and dedicated teams, with responsibilities defined in policies.
The institution has a structured and consistent procedure for managing and controlling country risk, including: (i) the establishment
of country ratings; (ii) the determination of limits for specific countries; and (iii) the monitoring of limits.

Business and strategy risk

We define the business and strategy risk as
the risk of a negative impact on our financial results or capital as a consequence of a faulty strategic planning, making adverse
strategic decisions, our inability to implement the proper strategic plans and/or changes in its business environment. Since business
and strategic risk can directly affect the performance of our bank, we have implemented various mechanisms to ensure that both
the business and the strategic decision making processes follow proper governance standards, have the active participation of
officers and the Board of Directors, are based on market, macroeconomic and risk information and are aimed at optimizing the risk-return
ratio. Decision-making and the establishment of business and strategy guidelines count on the full engagement of the Board of
Directors, primarily through the Strategy Committee, and of the executives, through the Executive Committee. In order to handle
risk adequately, we have governance and processes that involves the Risks & Finance Control and Management Area in business
and strategy decisions, so as to ensure that risk is managed and decisions are sustainable in the long term. They are: (i) the
qualifications and incentives of board members and executives; (ii) the budgetary process; (iii) product assessment; (iv) the
evaluation and prospecting of proprietary mergers and acquisitions; and (v) a risk appetite framework which, for example, restricts
the concentration of credit and exposure to specific and material risks.

Insurance products, pension plan and premium bonds risks

Products that compose portfolios of our insurance
companies are related to life and elementary insurance, as well as pension plans and premium bonds. Accordingly, we understand
that the main risks inherent to these products are:

A-
97

·   Underwriting
                                         risk is the possibility of losses arising from insurance products, pension plans and
                                         premium bonds that go against our expectations, directly or indirectly associated with
                                         technical and actuarial bases used for calculating premiums, contributions and technical
                                         provisions;

·   Market
                                         risk is the possibility of losses resulting from fluctuations in market value of assets
                                         and liabilities that comprise technical actuarial reserves;

·   Credit
                                         risk is the possibility of noncompliance, by a given debtor, with obligations related
                                         to the settlement of operations that involve the trading of financial assets or reinsurance;

·   Operational
                                         risk is the possibility of the occurrence of losses arising from the failure, deficiency
                                         or inadequacy of internal processes, people and systems, or from external events that
                                         affect the achievement of the strategic, tactical or operational objectives of the insurance,
                                         pension and premium bonds operations; and

·   Liquidity
                                         risk in insurance operation is the possibility of the institution not be able to timely
                                         honor its obligations to policyholders and beneficiaries due to the lack of liquidity
                                         of the assets comprising actuarial technical reserves.

In line with good national and international
practices and to ensure that risks arising from insurance products, pension plans and premium bonds are properly identified, measured,
assessed, reported and approved in relevant forums, we have a risk management framework, whose guidelines are established in institutional
guidelines, approved by our Board, applicable to companies and subsidiaries exposed to risk from insurance products, pension plans
and premium bonds, in Brazil and abroad. The process of risk management for insurance, pensions and premium bonds plans is based
on defined responsibilities distributed between the control and business areas, ensuring that they are independent of each other
and focusing on the special nature of each risk, as per the guidelines established by us.

As part of the risk management process, there is a governance structure
where decisions may be escalated to subcommittees, thus ensuring compliance with several regulatory and internal requirements,
as well as balanced decisions relative to risks. Our objective is to ensure that assets serving as collateral for long-term products,
with guaranteed minimum returns, are managed according to the characteristics of the liabilities, so that they are actuarially
balanced and solvent over the long term.

Each year, liabilities for long-term products,
which result in projected future benefits flows, are mapped using actuarial assumptions. This mapping enables Asset Liability
Management models to be created, and these are used to define the best composition of the asset portfolio to neutralize the risk
of this type of product, taking into account their economic and financial viability over the long term. Portfolios of collateral
assets are rebalanced periodically according to changes in market prices, our liquidity requirements and the changes in the characteristics
of the liabilities.

Capital management

The Board of Directors is the main body responsible
for our capital management and is responsible for approving the institution’s capital management policies and guidelines.
The Board is also responsible for approving the ICAAP report, a process which is intended to assess our capital adequacy by identifying
material risks; by defining the need for additional capital for such risks and the internal means of quantifying it; by preparing
a capital plan, both for normal and stress situations; and by structuring a capital contingency plan.

At the executive level, committees are responsible
for approving risk assessment and capital calculation methodologies, as well as reviewing, monitoring and recommending capital-related
documents and topics to the Board of Directors. As for the subcommittees, we have a dedicated structure for capital management,
which consolidates information and coordinates related processes, all of which subject to verification by the independent validation,
internal controls and audit areas.

In order to provide the necessary information
for supporting decision making by the Executives and the Board of Directors, management reports are prepared and presented at
subcommittees, informing about our capital adequacy, as well as about the projections of future capital levels in normal and stress
situations.

For our annual assessment of capital adequacy, our procedure is
as follows:

·   identification
                                         of the risks to which we are exposed and analysis of their materiality;

·   assessment
                                         of the need for capital to cover the material risks;

·   development
                                         of methods for quantifying additional capital;

·   quantification
                                         of capital and internal capital adequacy assessment; and

·   submission
                                         of report on capital adequacy to the Central Bank of Brazil (BACEN).

The ICAAP is the fundamental component of
our internal capital management, and its most important element is stress testing. This process lets us assess our capital under
adverse scenarios, and its purpose is to measure and confirm that, even in severe adverse conditions, we would have levels of
capital adequate to ensure no restrictions on our operations or income distribution.

The result of the last ICAAP – dated
as of December 2015 – showed that, in addition to having enough capital to face all material risks, we have a significant
cushion, thus ensuring the soundness of its equity position.

Please refer to section Our risk management,
item Regulatory environment, for further details about the implementation of Basel III in Brazil.

A-
98

Minimum requirements

Our minimum capital requirements follow the
set of resolutions and circulars disclosed by the Central Bank that implemented, in Brazil, the global capital requirement standards
known as Basel III. These are expressed as ratios of the capital available stated by the Referential Equity (PR), or Total Capital,
composed by the Tier I Capital (which comprises the Common Equity and Additional Tier I Capital) and Tier II Capital, and the
risk-weighted assets, or RWA.

For purposes of calculating these minimum
capital requirements, the total RWA is determined as the sum of the risk-weighted asset amounts for credit, market, and operational
risks. Itaú Unibanco uses the standardized approaches to calculate credit and operational risk-weighted asset amounts.

From September 1, 2016, the Central Bank has
authorized our institution to use internal market risk models to determine the total amount of regulatory capital, using the portion
RWA
MINT
 for our daily calculation, replacing the portion RWA
MPAD,

as set out in BACEN Central Bank Circular No. 3,646.

The standardized approach continues to be
used for units which are not considered significant in calculating regulatory capital for market risk. Accordingly, use of the
internal models does not apply to the following units: Argentina, Chile, Itau BBA International, Itaú BBA Colombia, Paraguay
and Uruguay.

From January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016,
the minimum Total Capital ratio required was 9.875%. The required minimum Total Capital ratio was 11% between October 1, 2013,
and December 31, 2015. The required minimum Total Capital ratio is scheduled for a gradual reduction to 8% on January 1, 2019.

Additionally, the Central Bank rules call
for Additional Common Equity Tier I Capital (ACP), corresponding to the sum of the components ACP
Conservation
,

ACP
Countercyclical

and ACP
Systemic
,

which, in conjunction with the requirements mentioned, increase capital requirements over time. Under CMN Resolution, the
values of the components ACP
Conservation

and ACP
Countercyclical

will increase gradually from 0.625%, as from January 1, 2016, to 2.5% as from January 1, 2019. However, the countercyclical
capital buffer is triggered during the credit cycle expansion phase, and currently, according to Central Bank rules, the required
amount for the countercyclical capital buffer portion is zero. Further, if this portion should increase, the new percentage takes
effect only 12 months after the announcement. In the case of component ACP
Systemic
, the current
requirement applicable under Central Bank rules is 0%, increasing gradually from 0.25%, as from January 1, 2017, to 1% as from
January 1, 2019.

Capital composition

The Regulatory Capital (PR), used to monitor
our compliance with the operational limits imposed by the BACEN, is the sum of three items, namely:

•   Common
                                         Equity Tier 1: sum of social capital, reserves and retained earnings, less deductions
                                         and prudential adjustments;

•   Additional
                                         Tier 1 Capital: consits of instruments of perpetual nature, which meet certain eligibility
                                         requirements. Together with Common Equity Tier I it makes up Tier I capital; and

•   Tier
                                         2 Capital: consists of subordinated debt instruments with defined maturity dates, that
                                         meet certain eligibility requirements. Together with Common Equity Tier I and Additional
                                         Tier I Capital, it makes up Total Capital.

In accordance with applicable Brazilian regulations,
we must maintain our Regulatory Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratios above the minimum regulatory requirements
established at all times. The RWA used for assessing these minimum regulatory requirements can be determined by adding the following
portions:

RWA = RWA
CPAD

+ RWA
MINT

+ RWA
OPAD

RWA
CPAD
 = portion related to exposures to credit risk,
calculated using standardized approach;

RWA
MINT
 = portion related to the
market risk capital requirement, calculated using internal approach, according to Central Bank rules, it includes units which
are not considered significant, which follow standardized model;

RWA
OPAD
 = portion related to the
calculation of operational risk capital requirements, calculated using standardized approach.

Capital adequacy

Through our Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment
Process (ICAAP), we assess the adequacy of our capital to face the incurred risks. For ICAAP, capital is composed by regulatory
capital for credit, market and operational risks, and by the necessary capital to face other risks.

In order to ensure our capital soundness and
availability to support business growth, we maintain Referential Equity levels above the minimum levels, according to the Common
Equity Tier I, Additional Tier I Capital, and Basel ratio. On December 31, 2016, our Regulatory Capital reached R$139,477 million,
an increase of R$11,012 million compared to December 31, 2015, mainly impacted by the result and the effect of foreign exchange
variations during the period.

A-
99

As of December 31,
Prudential Conglomerate   Financial Conglomerate   Variation
Capital Composition   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$)   (%)
Tier 1 Capital (1)   115,940   101,001   96,232   14.8   5.0
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (2)   115,408   100,955   96,212   14.3   4.9
Additional Tier 1 Capital (3)   532   46   20   1,056.5   130.0
Tier 2 Capital (4)   23,537   27,464   33,559   (14.3   )   (18.2   )
Referential Equity   139,477   128,465   129,790   8.6   (1.0   )
Minimum Referential Equity Required   72,210   79,471   84,488   (9.1   )   (5.9   )
Surplus Capital in relation to the Minimum Referential Equity Required   67,267   48,994   45,302   37.3   8.1
Additional Common Equity Tier I requirement   4,570
Referential equity calculated for covering the interest rate risk on operations not classified in the trading portfolio (RBAN)   2,264   1,275   1,846   77.6   (30.9   )
Risk weighted assets (RWA)   731,240   722,468   768,075   1.2   (5.9   )

(1)   Comprised of the Common Equity
                                         Tier 1 Capital, as well as the Additional Tier 1 Capital.

(2)   Sum of social capital, reserves
                                         and retained earnings, less deductions and prudential adjustments.

(3)   Comprised of instruments of
                                         a perpetual nature, which meet eligibility requirements.

(4)   Comprised of subordinated debt
                                         instruments with defined maturity dates, which meet eligibility requirements.

Our BIS ratio (calculated as the ratio between
our Regulatory Capital and the total amount of RWA) reached 19.1%, on December 31, 2016, an increase compared to December 31,
2015, mainly explained by an increase in Regulatory Capital. Our BIS ratio on December 31, 2016 consisted
of 15.9% of Tier 1 Capital and 3.2% of Tier 2 Capital.

As of December 31,
Prudential Conglomerate   Financial Conglomerate
Capital Composition   2016   2015   2014
(%)
BIS ratio   19.1   17.8   16.9
Tier 1 Capital   15.9   14.0   12.5
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital   15.8   14.0   12.5
Additional Tier 1 Capital   0.1   -   -
Tier 2 Capital   3.2   3.8   4.4

Our Regulatory Capital, Tier 1 Capital and
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratios were calculated on a consolidated basis, applied to the financial institutions included in
our Financial Conglomerate, up to December 31, 2014. From January 1, 2015, instead of calculating ratios for our Financial Conglomerate
we calculated at the Prudential Conglomerate level, which is comprised of not only financial institutions but also of collective
financing plans (
consórcios
), payment entities, factoring companies or companies that directly or indirectly assume
credit risk, and investment funds in which our Itaú Unibanco Group retains substantially all risks and rewards.

Please refer to section Our risk management,
item Regulatory environment, Implementation of Basel III in Brazil, for further details about minimum capital ratios.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements in IFRS, Note 33 – Regulatory Capital for further details about regulatory capital.

Please refer to section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment,
Basel III framework, Implementation of Basel III in Brazil.

Money laundering prevention

Financial institutions play a key role in
preventing and fighting illicit acts, which includes money laundering, terrorism financing and fraud.

The challenge is to identify and prevent increasingly
sophisticated operations that seek to conceal the source, ownership and transfer of goods and assets, derived from illegal activities.

Itaú Unibanco established a corporate
policy to prevent its involvement in illicit activities, protecting its reputation and image among employees, customers, strategic
partners, suppliers, service providers, regulators and the society, through a governance structure focused on transparency, strict
compliance with the rules and regulations and cooperation with police and judicial authorities. It also continuously seeks to
align itself with the local and international best practices to prevent and fight illicit acts, through investments and training
its employees on ongoing basis.

In order to be compliant with the corporate
policy guidelines, Itaú Unibanco established a program to prevent and fight illicit acts, which includes the following
pillars:

·   Customer
                                         Identification Process;

·   “Know
                                         Your Customer” Process (KYC);

A-
100

·   “Know
                                         your Partner ” Process (KYP);

·   “Know
                                         Your Supplier” Process (KYS);

·   “Know
                                         Your Employee” Process (KYE);

·   Risk
                                         Assessment on New Products and Services;

·   Transaction
                                         Monitoring;

·   Reporting
                                         Suspicious Transactions to Regulators and Authorities; and

·   Training.

This program is applicable to Itaú
Unibanco and its controlled entities in Brazil and abroad. The oversight of prevention and detection of illegal activities is
carried out by the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, the Compliance and Operational Risk Committee, the Internal Operational
Risk Committee, and the Anti-Money Laundering Committee.

Please refer to section Our risk management,
item Regulatory environment for further details about money laundering regulation and to https://www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/HF16_-_DOC_ING_RI_2016.pdf?title=Illicit
Acts Prevention and Combat Corporate Policy, for more details about our Illicit Acts Prevention and Combat Corporate Policy.

Politically exposed persons

Our commitment to the compliance with applicable
law and to the adoption of the best practices for prevention and detection of money laundering activity is also reflected in the
identification, assessment and monitoring of Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs), whether as individuals or entities.

As per our policies related to PEPs, we apply
enhanced due diligence with respect to these customers and we require a higher level of approval (at a minimum at the director
level), prior to establishing any relationship with such PEPs.

Please refer to section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment
for further details about politically exposed persons.

Regulatory environment

We are subject to regulation by, and supervision
of, several entities, in the countries and for the segments in which we operate. The supervisory activities of these entities
are essential to the structure of our business, and they directly impact our growth strategies. Below we describe the main entities
that regulate and supervise our activities in Brazil:

·   CMN:
                                         the highest authority responsible for establishing monetary and financial policies in
                                         Brazil, overall supervision of Brazilian monetary, credit, budgetary, fiscal and public
                                         debt policies, for regulating the conditions for organization, operation and inspection
                                         of financial institutions, as well as supervising the liquidity and solvency of these
                                         institutions. CMN is also responsible for the general guidelines to be followed in the
                                         organization and operation of the securities market and the regulation of foreign investments
                                         in Brazil;

·   Central
                                         Bank: responsible for implementing the policies established by CMN, authorizing the establishment
                                         of financial institutions and supervising financial institutions in Brazil. It establishes
                                         minimum capital requirements, limits for permanent assets, credit limits and requirements
                                         for compulsory deposits, in accordance with the policies established by CMN;

·   CVM:
                                         responsible for regulating, sanctioning and inspecting the Brazilian securities market
                                         (which in Brazil includes derivatives) and its participants, as well as overseeing exchange
                                         and organized over-the-counter markets;

·   CNSP:
                                         responsible for establishing the guidelines and directives for insurance and premium
                                         bond companies and open private pension entities;

·   SUSEP:
                                         responsible for regulating and supervising the insurance, open private pension funds
                                         and premium bond markets in Brazil and their participants; and

·   ANS:
                                         responsible for regulating and supervising the health insurance market in Brazil and
                                         its participants.

Outside of Brazil, we have main operations
subject to oversight by local regulatory authorities in the following jurisdictions: South America, in particular Argentina, Colombia,
Chile, Uruguay and Paraguay; Europe, in particular, the United Kingdom and Switzerland; Central America in particular Panamá,
and the Caribbean, in particular Bahamas and Cayman Islands; and the United States of America.

Financial institutions are subject to a number
of regulatory requirements and restrictions, among which the following are noteworthy:

·   prohibition
                                         against operating in Brazil without the prior approval of the Central Bank;

·   prohibition
                                         against acquiring real estate that are not for the financial institution’s own
                                         use, except real estate received for settlement of loan losses, in which case such real
                                         estate must be sold within one year, extendable by the Central Bank;

·   prohibition
                                         against acquiring interests in companies without the prior approval of the Central Bank,
                                         except for ownership interest typical of investment portfolios held by investment banks
                                         or universal banks with investment portfolios;

A-
101

·   prohibition
                                         against granting loans that represent more than 25% of the financial institution’s
                                         regulatory capital to only one person or group;

·   restrictions
                                         on borrowing and lending, as well as granting advances and guarantees, to certain related
                                         individuals and legal entities. Please refer to section Our risk management, item
                                         Regulatory environment, item Lending limits for more information about these individuals
                                         and legal entities;

·   obligation
                                         to deposit a portion of the deposits received from clients with the Central Bank (compulsory
                                         deposit); and

·   obligation
                                         to maintain sufficient capital reserves to absorb unexpected losses, pursuant to the
                                         rules proposed by the Basel Committee and implemented by the Central Bank.

Basel III framework

The Basel III framework increases minimum
capital requirements, creates new conservation and countercyclical buffers, changes risk-based capital measures, and introduces
a new leverage limit and new liquidity standards in comparison to the former framework. The new rules will be phased in gradually
and each country is expected to adopt such recommendations in laws or regulations applicable to local financial institutions.

The Basel III framework requires banks to
maintain minimum capital levels corresponding to the following percentages of risk-weighted assets: (i) a minimum common equity
capital ratio of 4.5%, composed of common shares; (ii) a minimum Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6.0%; and (iii) a minimum total capital
ratio of 8.0%. In addition to the minimum capital requirements,

Basel III requires a “capital conservation
buffer” of 2.5% and each national regulator is given discretion to institute a “countercyclical buffer” if it
perceives a greater system-wide risk to the banking system as the result of a build-up of excess credit growth in its jurisdiction.
Basel III also introduces a new leverage ratio, defined as Tier 1 Capital divided by the bank’s total exposure.

Basel III implemented a Liquidity Coverage
Ratio, or LCR, and a Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). The LCR requires affected banks to maintain sufficient high-quality liquid
assets to cover the net cash outflows that could occur under a potential liquidity disruption scenario over a thirty-day period.
The NFSR establishes a minimum amount of stable sources of funding that banks will be required to maintain based on the liquidity
profile of the banks’ assets, as well as the potential for contingent liquidity needs arising from off-balance sheet commitments
over a one-year period.

Additional requirements apply to non-common
equity Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital instruments issued by internationally active banks. To be included in Additional Tier
1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, an instrument must contain a provision that requires that, at the discretion of the relevant authority,
such instrument be either written-off or converted into common shares upon a “trigger event.” A “trigger event”
is the decision of a competent authority pursuant to which, for a bank to remain a feasible financial institution, it is necessary
(i) to write-off an instrument, or (ii) to inject government funds, or equivalent support, into such bank, whichever occurs first.
The requirements are applicable to all instruments issued after January 1, 2013. The instruments qualified as capital issued before
that date that do not comply with these requirements will be phased out of banks’ capital over a 10-year period, beginning
on January 1, 2013.

Additional regulatory capital requirements apply to Global
Systemically Important Financial Institutions (G-SIFIs). The Basel Committee’s assessment methodology to determine
which financial institutions are G-SIFIs is based on indicators that reflect the following aspects of G-SIFIs: (i) size; (ii)
interconnectedness; (iii) lack of readily available substitute or financial institution infrastructure for the services
provided; (iv) global or cross-jurisdictional activity; and (v) complexity. Each of these factors receives an equal weight of
20.0% in the assessment.

The Basel Committee has also issued a framework
for the regulation of Domestic Systemically Important Banks (D-SIBs), which supplements the G-SIFI framework by focusing on the
impact that the distress or failure of systemically important banks would have on the domestic economy of each country.

Implementation of Basel III in Brazil

Brazilian banks’ minimum total capital
ratio is calculated as the sum of two components: Regulatory Capital (
patrimônio de

referência
); and
Additional Core Capital (
adicional de capital principal
).

Brazilian banks’ Regulatory Capital
is comprised of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. Tier 1 Capital is further divided into two elements: Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
(common equity capital and profit reserves, or
capital principal
) and Additional Tier 1 Capital (hybrid debt and equity
instruments authorized by the Central Bank, or
capital complementar
).

In order to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital
or Tier 2 Capital, all instruments issued after October 1, 2013 by a Brazilian bank must contain loss-absorbency provisions, including
a requirement that such instruments be automatically written off or converted into equity upon a “trigger event”.
A “trigger event” is the earlier of: (i) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital being less than 5.125% of the risk-weighted
assets for Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and 4.5% for Tier 2 Capital instruments; (ii) the execution of a firm irrevocable
written agreement for the government to inject capital in the financial institution; (iii) the Central Bank declaring the beginning
of a temporary special administration regime (
Regime de Administração Especial Temporária
, or RAET)
or intervention in the financial institution; or (iv) a decision by the Central Bank, according to criteria established by the
CMN, that the write-off or conversion of the instrument is necessary to maintain the bank as a viable financial institution and
to mitigate relevant risks to the Brazilian financial system. Specific procedures and criteria for the conversion of shares and
the write-off of outstanding debt related to funding instruments eligible to qualify as regulatory capital are established by
CMN

A-
102

regulation. The legal framework applicable to financial bills (
letras financeiras
) was adapted to allow Brazilian financial
institutions to issue Basel III-compliant debt instruments in the Brazilian market.

Existing hybrid instruments and subordinated
debt previously approved by the Central Bank as eligible capital instruments may continue to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital
or Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be, provided that they comply with the above requirements and a new authorization from the
Central Bank is obtained. Instruments that do not comply with these requirements will be phased out as eligible capital instruments
by deducting 10.0% of their book value per year from the amount that qualifies as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital.
The first deduction occurred on October 1, 2013, and subsequent deductions will take place annually starting January 1, 2014 until
January 1, 2022.

The Additional Core Capital requirement is
subdivided into three elements: the capital conservation buffer (
Adicional de Capital

Principal Conservação
),
the countercyclical capital buffer (
Adicional de Capital Principal Contracíclico
) and the higher loss

absorbency
requirement for domestic systemically important banks (
Adicional de Capital Principal Sistêmico
). The capital conservation
buffer is aimed at increasing the loss absorption ability of financial institutions. The countercyclical capital buffer can be
imposed within a range by the Central Bank if it judges that credit growth is increasing systematic risk. The higher loss absorbency
requirement for domestic systemically important banks seeks to address the impact that the distress or failure of Brazilian banks
may have on the local economy. In the event of non-compliance with the Additional Core Capital requirement, certain restrictions
will apply, including the inability of the financial institution to: (i) pay officers and directors their share of variable compensation;
(ii) distribute dividends and interest on equity to stockholders; and (iii) repurchase its own shares and effect reductions in
its share capital.

From October 1, 2015, a minimum LCR in a standardized
liquidity stress scenario is required for banks with total assets in excess of R$100 billion, individually or at the consolidated
enterprise level (
conglomerado prudencial
), as the case may be. The calculation of the LCR follows the methodology set
forth by the Central Bank which is aligned with international guidelines. During periods of increased need for liquidity, banks
may report a lower LCR than the minimum required ratio, provided that they also report to the Central Bank the causes for not
meeting the minimum requirement, the contingent sources of liquidity they have available, and the measures they plan to adopt
to be in compliance with the LCR requirement. Banks will also be required to effect public disclosures of their LCR on a quarterly
basis after April 1, 2016.

In January 2017, the Central Bank enacted
a new rule amending the provisions regarding calculation methods and procedures for the disclosure of LCR information. The new
regulation establishes a new possible stress scenario and indicates that, for LCR purposes, cash and time deposits are considered
retail funding components.

The following table presents the schedule
for phased-in implementation by the Central Bank of the capital adequacy and liquidity coverage ratio requirements under Basel
III, as applicable to Itaú Unibanco Holding. The figures presented below refer to the percentage of our risk-weighted assets.

From January 1,
Basel III -  Schedule   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
(%)
Common equity Tier 1   4.5   4.5   4.5   4.5   4.5
Tier 1 Capital   6.0   6.0   6.0   6.0   6.0
Total regulatory capital   11.0   9.875   9.25   8.625   8.0
Additional common equity Tier 1 (ACP)   -   0.625   1.5   2.375   3.5
Capital conservation buffer   -   0.625   1.25   1.875   2.5
Countercyclical capital buffer (1)   -   -   -   -   -
Systemic   -   -   0.25   0.5   1.0
Common equity Tier 1 + ACP   4.5   5.1   6.0   6.9   8.0
Total regulatory capital + ACP   11.0   10.5   10.8   11.0   11.5
Liquidity coverage ratio   0.6   0.7   0.8   0.9   1.0
Prudential adjustments deductions   40   60   80   100   100

(1) According to Circular No 3.769 of Central Bank, the ACP countercyclical requirement is zero.

The Central Bank has also established the
calculation methodology for the leverage ratio. However, it has not yet determined a minimum ratio. Banks are required to prepare
public disclosures of their leverage ratios on a quarterly basis after October 1, 2015.

CMN regulation also defines the entities that
compose the consolidated enterprise level (
conglomerado prudencial
) of a Brazilian financial institution, and establishes
the requirement that a financial institution prepare and file with the Central Bank monthly complete financial statements at the
consolidated enterprise level (
conglomerado prudencial
) pursuant to the parameters defined therein. Such financial statements
should also be audited by external auditors on a semi-annual basis. As of January 1, 2015, minimum capital and ratio requirements
apply at the consolidated enterprise level (
conglomerado prudencial
).

In addition to the rules issued in accordance
with the criteria set forth in Basel III, in July, 2013, Law No. 12,838 was issued, allowing the determination of deemed credit
based on deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences resulting from allowances for loan losses, which, in practice,
exempts financial institutions from deducting this type of credit from its core capital. The law also changes the rules for the
issue of subordinated debt, requiring the inclusion of clauses for the suspension of the stipulated compensation and the extinction
of the credit right or its conversion into shares, and conditions stockholders’ remuneration to compliance with the prudential
requirements established by CMN.

A-
103

Brazilian financial institutions are also
required to implement a capital management structure compatible with the nature of its transactions, the complexity of the products
and services it offers, as well as with the extent of its exposure to risks. Capital management is defined as a process that includes:
(i) monitoring and controlling the financial institution’s capital; (ii) assessing capital needs in light of the risks to
which the financial institution is subject; and (iii) setting goals and conducting capital planning in order to meet capital needs
due to changes in market conditions. Financial institutions should publish a report describing the structure of their capital management
at least on an annual basis. Disclosure and reporting of risk management matters, risk-weighted asset calculation, and adequate
compliance with regulatory capital requirements are regulated by the Central Bank and reflect the so-called “Pillar 3”
of regulatory capital recommended under Basel III, aimed at improving governance and disclosure.

G-SIFI assessment in Brazil

The Central Bank has adopted the same indicators
set out by the Basel Committee to determine if Brazilian financial institutions qualify as G-SIFIs. Please refer to section Our
risk management, item Regulatory environment, Basel III framework, for further details. This assessment is required of banks with
total exposure – the denominator for the leverage ratio – in excess of R$500 billion, individually or at the consolidated
enterprise level (
conglomerado prudencial
), as the case may be. However, no additional loss absorbency requirements for
Brazilian G-SIFIs have been established. We were not included on the latest list of G-SIFIs issued on November 21, 2016. The next
update is expected in November 2017.

Recovery plans for systematically important financial institutions

On June 30, 2016, CMN enacted a rule providing
stricter guidelines for recovery plans (
Planos de Recuperação
) for Brazil’s systemically important financial
institutions. The new rule, which incorporated recommendations from the Financial Stability Board, requires financial institutions
to prepare recovery plans that aim to re-establish adequate levels of capital and liquidity and to preserve the viability of such
institutions under stress scenarios. The guidelines require, among other things, that subject financial institutions must identify
their critical functions for the National Financial System (
Sistema Financeiro

Nacional
) and their core business
lines, monitor indicators and their critical levels, adopt stress-testing scenarios, predict

recovery strategies, assess
possible risks and barriers related to the strategies and define clear and transparent governance procedures, as well as effective
communication plans with key stakeholders. The rule provides for a phase-in implementation period from October 2016 to December
2017 to allow the relevant financial institutions to adapt their recovery plans to the new requirements.

Segmentation for the proportional application of the prudential
regulation

On January 30, 2017, CMN enacted a resolution
establishing segmentation for financial institutions, financial institution groups and other institutions authorized to operate
by the Central Bank for proportional application of the prudential regulation, considering the size, international activity and
risk profile of members of each segment. According to such resolution, the segments are qualified as follows:

(i)          Segment
1 is composed of multiservice banks, commercial banks, investment banks, foreign exchange banks and savings banks that (a) have
a size equivalent or superior to 10% of its internal gross domestic product (GDP); or (b) perform relevant international activities,
independently from the magnitude of the institution;

(ii)         Segment
2 is composed of multiservice banks, commercial banks, investment banks, foreign exchange banks and savings banks with (a) size
below 10% of its internal GDP; and (b) other institutions of same magnitude equivalent or superior to 1% of its internal GDP;

(iii)        Segment
3 is composed of institutions with a size below 1% and equivalent or superior to 0.1% of its internal GDP;

(iv)        Segment
4 is composed of institutions of size below 0.1% of its internal GDP; and

(v)         Segment
5 is composed of (a) institutions with a size below 0.1% of its internal GDP that applies a simplified optional method for the
verification of reference equity’s minimum requirements, except for multiservice banks, commercial banks, investment banks,
foreign exchange banks and savings bank; and (b) institutions not subject to the verification of reference equity.

Secured real estate bill

In January 2017, the Central Bank enacted
a public consultation regarding the secured real state bill (Letra Imobiliária Garantida – LIG – Brazilian covered
bond), which aims to regulate the provisions of Law No. 13,097 of January 19, 2015. The secured real state bill would provide the
sector with an alternative source of funding in an attempt to expand the real estate credit market in the next few years.

A-
104

Passive provision for financial guarantees

On July 28, 2016, CMN enacted a new rule,
establishing specific accounting procedures for the assessment and registration of passive provisions (provisão passiva)
that financial institutions must create in respect of financial guarantees. The accounting procedures established by this regulation
seek to align the Brazilian standards with IFRS. Such resolution is effective since January 1, 2017.

Foreign currency transactions and exposure

Transactions involving the sale and purchase
of foreign currency in Brazil may only be conducted by institutions authorized to do so by the Central Bank. There are no limits
for long or short positions in foreign currency for banks authorized to carry out transactions on the foreign exchange market.
The compulsory deposit requirement rate on the foreign currency short position held by financial institutions is currently 0%.

In accordance with CMN regulation, financial
institutions in Brazil may raise funds abroad, either through direct loans or through the issuance of debt securities. Funds raised
accordingly may be freely invested in Brazil, including but not limited to on-lending to Brazilian companies and financial institutions.
Brazilian banks authorized to operate in foreign currency markets which hold regulatory capital higher than R$5 billion may also
use these funds to grant loans abroad to Brazilian companies, their offshore subsidiaries and to foreign companies controlled by
Brazilians or to acquire securities issued or guaranteed by such companies in the primary market. Cross-border loans, in which
one party is in Brazil and the other party is abroad, require previous registration with the Central Bank, which may establish
limits on the conditions of such foreign currency loan transactions. Please refer to item Taxation for further details about tax
on foreign exchange transactions.

Financial institutions may also grant loans
in or indexed to a foreign currency to their clients’ trade-related activities, such as by granting advances on foreign exchange
contracts (
Adiantamento sobre Contrato de Câmbio
), advances on delivered export register (
Adiantamento sobre Cambiais
Entregues
) or export or import prepayment agreements (
Pré-Pagamento de

Exportação e Financiamento
à Importação
), all in accordance with Brazilian regulations on foreign exchange markets and

international
capital flows.

The Central Bank and the Brazilian government
frequently change rules and regulations applicable to foreign currency borrowing and loans in accordance with the economic scenario
and Brazilian monetary policy.

Besides that legislation sets forth that
the total exposure in gold and other assets and liabilities indexed or linked to the foreign exchange rate variation undertaken
by financial institutions (including their offshore branches), and their direct and indirect subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis,
may not exceed 30.0% of their regulatory capital.

Liquidity and fixed assets investment regime

In accordance with CMN regulation, financial
institutions may not hold, on a consolidated basis, permanent assets, including investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, real
estate, equipment and intangible assets, exceeding 50.0% of the adjusted regulatory capital.

Lending limits

Furthermore, we are legally prevented from
granting loans or advances, and guarantees, including derivative transactions, underwriting or holding in our investment portfolio
securities of any clients or group of affiliated clients that, in the aggregate, give rise to exposure to such client or group
of affiliated clients that exceeds 25.0% of our regulatory capital.

Credit exposure limits

For the purpose of this limit, the following
public sector entities are to be considered as separate customers: (i) the Brazilian government, (ii) an entity controlled directly
or indirectly by the Brazilian government which is not financially dependent on another entity controlled directly or indirectly
by the Brazilian government, (iii) entities controlled directly or indirectly by the Brazilian government which are financially
dependent among themselves, (iv) a State or the Federal District, jointly with all entities directly or indirectly controlled by
it, and (v) a municipal district, jointly with all entities directly or indirectly controlled by it.

Risk weighted asset calculation

The calculation of risk exposure is based
on several factors set forth by the Central Bank regulations and impacts the capital requirements. The components take into consideration
the type of risk and include the parameters and procedures for calculation of the risk weighted asset (RWA) to determine the capital
requirements resulting from each risk exposure. The Central Bank has been frequently changing and updating the rules and regulations
for calculation of RWA.

A-
105

Financial bills

Law No. 12,838 of July 9, 2013 adapted
financial bills (
letras financeiras
) to the Basel III framework and granted the Central Bank power to limit the payment
of dividends and interest on capital by financial institutions that do not comply with CMN capital requirements. With the changes
enacted by Law No. 12,838, Brazilian financial institutions will likely issue Basel III-compliant hybrid or subordinated debt instruments
under the regulatory framework of financial bills. The main characteristics of financial bills changed by Law No. 12,838 are:

•   Possibility of issuance of financial bills convertible into equity. The conversion may not be requested
by the investor or the issuer financial institution;

•   Suspension of payment of interest in case of non-compliance with capital requirement rules in case
the financial bills are part of the regulatory capital of the financial institution. Additionally, in order to preserve the regular
functioning of the Brazilian financial system, the Central Bank may determine that financial bills be converted into equity or
writen-off. These determinations will not be considered a default by the financial institution and will not accelerate the maturity
of its other debts; and

•   Financial bills may include, as early maturity events, default on the payment of the interest of
the financial bill or the dissolution of the financial institution.

Principles and institutional policy

On
November 24, 2016
,
 CMN
enacted a new rule

establishing principles and institutional policies that must be observed by financial institutions and other institutions authorized
to operate by the Central Bank with respect to their relationship with clients and users of financial products and services. In
addition to ethical principles, responsibility, transparency and diligence, other measures are required such as: (i) promoting
an organizational culture that incentivizes a cooperative and balanced relationship with clients and users; (ii) granting fair
and equitable treatment to clients and users; and (iii) promoting legitimacy and compliance of products and services provided by
financial institutions. The regulation will become effective on November 24, 2017.

Establishment of a succession policy

On November 24, 2016, CMN enacted a new
resolution requiring that financial institutions and other institutions authorized to operate by the Central Bank establish a succession
policy for their management. The new regulation requires that the Board of Directors of the institutions approves, supervises and
controls the process of planning such policy, which must expressly assign the positions conditioned to the succession policy, taking
into consideration the institution’s structure, risk profile and business model. The succession policy shall cover recruiting,
promotion, election and retention processes, based on rules that regulate the identification, evaluation and training of senior
management positions considering the following aspects: (i) conditions required by Brazilian law to exercise such positions; (ii)
technical capacity; (iii) management capacity; (iv) interpersonal skills; (v) legislation and regulation knowledge regarding liability
for their actions; and (vi) experience. The regulation provides for a phase-in implementation period from November 2016 to May
2017.

Code of Corporate Governance

In 2016, the Code of Corporate Governance
for publicly-held companies (Código Brasileiro de Governança Corporativa – Companhias Abertas) was edited.
It sets forth corporate governance-related principles, guidelines and actions applicable to publicly-held companies and determines
that companies adopt the “apply or explain” model in respect of their principles, guidelines and actions. As a result
of the edition of this Code, in December 2016 CVM submitted to public consultation the draft of a new ruling amending the current
disclosure related ruling to adapt to the guidelines of the new Code. The new ruling probably will be applicable as from the end
of the first semester of 2018.

Anti-corruption law

In January 2014, a new Brazilian anti-corruption
law came into force which establishes that legal entities will have strict liability (regardless of fault or willful misconduct)
if they are involved in any form of bribery. Although known as an anti-corruption law, it also encompasses other injurious acts
contrary to the Brazilian or foreign public administration including bid rigging and obstruction of justice. The law provides for
heavy penalties, both through administrative and judicial proceedings including determination of dissolution of a company, prohibition
against undertaking financing with public entities and prohibition against participating in public biddings.

In addition, the law authorizes the public
administrative authorities responsible for the investigation to enter into leniency agreements. The self-disclosure of violations
and cooperation by legal entities may result in the reduction of fines and other sanctions as determined by the new federal regulation
issued in March 2015.

The new regulation also provides parameters
for the application of the anti-corruption law including with respect to penalties and compliance programs. Please refer to:

A-
106

https://www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/POLITICA_CORPORATIVA_DE_PREVENCAO_A_CORRUPCAO_ENGL.pdf where you can electronically access further details about our Anti-corruption Corporate Policy.

https://www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/HF5_-_DOC_RI_2016_(ingles).pdf
where you can electronically access further details about our Integrity and Ethics Corporate Policy and guidelines for situations
of conflicts of interests.

Compensation of directors and officers of financial institutions

According to rules set forth by CMN, Brazilian
financial institutions are required to have a compensation policy. If variable compensation is to be paid to management, at least
50% of the total compensation should be paid in shares or share-based instruments and at least 40% of the total compensation should
be deferred for future payment for at least three years. If the institution records a significant decrease in the realized recurring
profit or a negative result during the deferral period, the deferred and unpaid portions of the compensation should be reversed
proportionally to the decrease in result, in order to minimize the loss incurred by the financial institutions and their stockholders.

Our compensation policy, applicable to
directors and officers in Brazil (constituting the major part of the management population of the Itaú Unibanco Group),
complies with CMN’s regulatory requirements. Our compensation principles and practices worldwide comply with each local regulation
and seek to increase alignment between the interests of our stockholders and our management.

For further information, see section Our
governance, item Corporate governance, Directors’ and senior management’s compensation.

Antitrust regulation

The Brazilian Antitrust Law requires that
transactions resulting in economic concentration should be submitted for prior approval to CADE, the Brazilian antitrust authority,
if the transactions meet the following criteria: (i) the economic group of any of the parties to a transaction recorded, in the
fiscal year prior to that of the transaction, minimum gross revenues of R$750 million; and (ii) at least one of the other economic
groups involved in the transaction recorded, for the same time period, minimum gross revenues of R$75 million. The closing of a
transaction prior to CADE’s approval subjects the parties to fines ranging from R$60,000 to R$60 million, the nullity of
the relevant agreement and potential administrative proceedings. In addition to submitting such transactions to CADE’s approval,
financial institutions are required by Circular No. 3,590/2012 of the Central Bank (updated by Circular No. 3,800/2016) to submit
to the Central Bank’s antitrust approval any concentration acts involving two or more financial institutions in the following
cases: (i) acquisition of corporate control, (ii) a merger, (iii) transfer of the business to another financial institution, and
(iv) other transactions which result in increased market share in the market segments they operate.

With respect to the conflict of jurisdiction
to review and approve concentration acts involving financial institutions, the matter remains undefined. The uncertainty concerning
whether CADE or the Central Bank should review and approve concentration acts involving financial institutions has resulted in
financial institutions submitting for antitrust approval concentration acts in the banking sector not only to the Central Bank
but also to CADE.

Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/en/ANTITRUST_CORPORATE_POLICY_RI_2015.pdf
for further details about our Antitrust Corporate Policy.

Treatment of past due debts

Brazilian financial institutions are required
to classify their credit transactions (including leasing transactions and other transactions characterized as credit advances)
at different levels and recognize provisions according to the level attributed to each such transaction. The classification is
based on the financial condition of the clients the terms and conditions of the transaction and the period of time during which
the transaction is past due, if any. For purposes of Central Bank requirements, transactions are classified as level AA, A, B,
C, D, E, F, G or H, with AA being the highest classification. Credit classifications must be reviewed on a monthly basis and, apart
from additional provisions required by the Central Bank which are deemed necessary by the management of financial institutions,
each level has a specific allowance percentage that is applied to it and which we use to calculate our allowance for loan losses,
as specified in more detail in the following table:

Classification (1)   AA   A   B   C   D   E   F   G   H
Allowance (%)   0   0.5   1   3   10   30   50   70   100
Past due (in days)   -   -   15 to 30   31 to 60   61 to 90   91 to 120   121 to 150   151 to 180   Over 180

(1)   Our credit classification also takes into account
the client´s credit profile, which may negatively impact the past due classification.

Under IFRS, the allowance for loan losses
is based on our internally developed incurred loss models, which calculate the allowance for loan losses by multiplying the probability
of default by the clients or counterparty (PD) by the potential for recovery on defaulted credits (LGD) for each transaction, as
described in Note 2.4(d) X to our complete financial statements under IFRS. The risk levels are categorized as “lower risk”,
“satisfactory”, “higher risk”, and “impaired” based on the probability of default, following
an internal scaling, as set out in Note 36 to our complete financial statements under IFRS.

A-
107

Bank insolvency

The insolvency of financial institutions
is handled pursuant to applicable laws and regulations by the Central Bank, which initiates and monitors all applicable administrative
proceedings. There are three types of special regimes that may be imposed to either private-sector financial institutions or state-owned
(other than federal government-owned) financial institutions or similar institutions: (i) temporary special administration regime
(RAET), (ii) intervention, and (iii) extrajudicial liquidation. Financial institutions may also be subject to the bankruptcy regime.

In the course of the special regimes described
below, the steering committee, the intervenor, and the liquidator may, when authorized by the Central Bank: (i) dispose of assets
and rights of the financial institution to third parties and (ii) proceed with corporate restructuring processes in the financial
institution or its subsidiaries, among other possible measures of similar effect.

RAET

RAET is a less severe special regime which
allows financial institutions to continue to operate. Its main effect is that the whole management loses its offices and is replaced
by a steering committee appointed by the Central Bank with broad management powers. Its duration is limited and its main objective
is the adoption of measures aimed at the resumption of the financial institution’s regular activities. If resumption is not
possible, this regime may be turned into an extrajudicial liquidation.

Intervention

Under this regime, the Central Bank appoints
an intervenor that takes charge of the financial institution’s management, suspending its regular activities and dismissing the
financial institution’s management. In general, the intervention is aimed at preventing the continuation of certain irregularities
and the aggravation of the financial situation of the financial institution, which can put assets at risk and harm the financial
institution’s creditors. The intervention is also time-limited and may be followed by the resumption of the financial institution’s
regular activities or the declaration of extrajudicial liquidation or bankruptcy.

The intervention suspends all actions related
to payment obligations of the financial institution, prevents the early settlement or maturity of its obligations and freezes pre-existing
deposits.

Extrajudicial liquidation

Extrajudicial liquidation generally corresponds
to the process of dissolution of the company in cases of unrecoverable insolvency or severe violations of the rules that regulate
a financial institution’s activities. The extrajudicial liquidation aims at promoting the liquidation of the existing assets
for the payment of creditors, with the return of any amounts left to stockholders. Controlling stockholders may be held responsible
for remaining liabilities.

The extrajudicial liquidation (i) suspends
actions and executions related to the financial institution, (ii) accelerates the maturity of the financial institution’s
obligations; and (iii) interrupts the statute of limitations of the financial institution’s obligations. In addition, the debt
of the estate under liquidation will no longer accrue interest until all obligations to third parties are settled.

Deposit insurance

In the event of intervention, extrajudicial
liquidation or liquidation of a financial institution in a bankruptcy proceeding, the Credit Insurance Fund, or FGC, a deposit
insurance system, guarantees the maximum amount of R$250,000 for certain deposits and credit instruments held by an individual,
a company or another legal entity with a financial institution (or financial institutions of the same economic group). The resources
of the FGC come primarily from mandatory contributions from all Brazilian financial institutions that receive deposits from clients,
currently at a monthly rate of 0.0125% of the amount of the balances of accounts corresponding to the financial instruments that
are the subject matter of the ordinary guarantee, even if the related credits are not fully covered by FGC, and certain special
contributions. Deposits and funds raised abroad are not guaranteed by the FGC. As from February 2016, credits of financial institutions
and other institutions authorized to operate by the Brazilian Central Bank, complementary welfare entities, insurance companies,
capitalization companies, investment clubs and investment funds, as well as those representing any interest in or financial instrument
held by such entities, are not protected by the ordinary guarantee of FGC.

Payment of creditors in liquidation

In the event of extrajudicial liquidation
of a financial institution or liquidation of a financial institution in a bankruptcy proceeding, the salaries of employees and
the related labor claims up to a certain amount, secured credits and tax charges have priority in any claims against the entity
in liquidation. The payment of unsecured credits, including deposits from regular retail clients that are not guaranteed by FGC,
is subject to the prior payment of preferred credits. Additionally, upon the payment of the deposits guaranteed by FGC, FGC becomes
an unsecured creditor of the estate in liquidation.

A-
108

Insurance regulation

With governmental approval, insurance companies
in Brazil may offer all types of insurance, except for workers’ compensation insurance, directly to clients or through qualified
brokers.

Insurance companies must set aside reserves
to be invested in specific types of securities. As a result, insurance companies are among the main investors in the Brazilian
securities market and subject to CMN regulations regarding the investment of technical reserves.

In the event an insurance company is declared
bankrupt, the insurance company will be subject to a special procedure administered by SUSEP or by ANS. If an insurance company
is declared bankrupt and (i) its assets are not sufficient to guarantee at least half of the unsecured credits or (ii) procedures
relating to acts that may be considered bankruptcy-related crimes are in place, the insurance company will be subject to ordinary
bankruptcy procedures.

There is currently no restriction on foreign investments in
insurance companies in Brazil.

Brazilian legislation establishes that
insurance companies must buy reinsurance to the extent their liabilities exceed their technical limits under the rules of the regulatory
body (CNSP and SUSEP), and reinsurance contracts may be entered into through a direct negotiation between the insurance and reinsurance
companies or through a reinsurance broker authorized to operate in Brazil.

Insurance companies, until December 31,
2016, when transferring their risks in reinsurance, must transfer 40.0% of each facultative or automatic contract to local reinsurers
(companies domiciled in Brazil).

From January 1, 2017, this percentage reduces to 30%, and will
reduce annually until it reaches 15% on January 1, 2020. In addition, until December 31, 2016, risk assignment between insurers
and reinsurers belonging to the same economic group is limited to 20.0% of the premiums pertaining to each facultative or automatic
contract. From January 1, 2017, this percentage has increased to 30%, and annually will increase until it reaches 75% on January
1, 2020.

Anti-money laundering regulation

The Brazilian anti-money laundering law
establishes the basic framework to prevent and punish money laundering as a crime. It prohibits the concealment or dissimulation
of origin, location, availability, handling or ownership of assets, rights or financial resources directly or indirectly originated
from crimes, subjecting the agents of these illegal practices to imprisonment, temporary disqualification from managing enterprises
up to 10 years and monetary fines.

The Brazilian anti-money laundering law
also created the Financial Activities Control Council, or COAF, which is the Brazilian financial intelligence unit that operates
under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Finance. COAF performs a key role in the Brazilian anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism
financing system, and its legal responsibility is to coordinate the mechanisms for international cooperation and information exchange.

In compliance with the Brazilian anti-money
laundering law and related regulations enacted by the Central Bank, including the rules applicable to procedures that must be adopted
by financial institutions to prevent and combat money laundering and terrorism financing, as well as in response to the recommendation
of the Financial Action Task Force – FATF and United Nations Security Council, financial institutions in Brazil must establish
internal control and procedures aiming at:

•   identifying and knowing their clients, which includes determining if they are PEPs, and also identifying
the ultimate beneficial owners (UBO) of the transactions. These records should be kept up-to-date;

•   checking the compatibility between the movement of funds of a client and such client’s economic
and financial capacity;

•   checking the origin of funds;

•   carrying out a prior analysis of new products and services, under the perspective of money laundering
prevention;

•   keeping records of all transactions carried out or financial services provided on behalf of a certain
client or for that client;

•   reporting to COAF, within one business day, any transaction deemed to be suspicious by the financial
institution, as well as all transactions in cash equivalent to or higher than R$100,000, without informing the involved person
or any third party;

•   applying special attention to (i) unusual transactions or proposed transactions with no apparent
economic or legal bases; (ii) transactions involving PEPs, (iii) indication of evading client identification and transaction registering
procedures; (iv) client and transactions for which the UBO cannot be identified; (v) transactions originated from or destined to
countries that do not fully comply with the recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF); and (vi) situations in which it is not possible to
keep the clients’ identification records duly updated;

•   determining criteria for hiring personnel and offering anti-money laundering training for employees;

•   establishing procedures to be complied with by all branches and subsidiaries of a Brazilian financial
institutions located abroad with respect to anti-money laundering;

•   establishing that, any institutions authorized to operate in the Brazilian foreign exchange market
with financial institutions located abroad must verify whether the foreign financial institution is physically located in the jurisdiction
where it was organized and licensed, and that it is subject to effective supervision;

A-
109

•   monitoring transactions and situations which could be considered suspicious for anti-money laundering
purposes;

•   reporting to COAF the occurrence of suspicious transactions, as required under applicable regulations,
and also, at least once a year, whether or not suspicious transactions are verified, in order to certify the non-occurrence of
transactions subject to reporting to COAF (negative report);

•   requiring clients to inform the financial institution, at least one business day in advance, of
their intention to withdraw amounts equal to or exceeding R$100,000;

•   ensuring that policies, procedures and internal controls are commensurate with the size and volume
of transactions; and

•   unavailability of goods, values and rights of possession or ownership and all other rights, real
or personal, owned, directly or indirectly, of natural or legal persons subject to sanctions by the resolutions of the United Nations
Security Council.

Non-compliance with any of the obligations above subjects
the financial institution and its officers to penalties ranging from: (i) formal notice, (ii) fines (from 1.0% to 200.0% of
the amount of the transaction, 200.0% of the profit generated thereby, or a fine of up to R$20,000,000), (iii) rendering
executive officers ineligible for holding any management position in financial institutions, to (iv) the cancellation of the
financial institution’s license to operate.

In August 2013, the Brazilian Association
of Banks (
Federação Brasileira de Bancos
, or FEBRABAN) enacted an anti-money laundering and terrorism financing
self-regulation. The purpose of the document is to improve the contribution of the Brazilian financial system to the prevention
of money laundering and make consistent the practices adopted by all banks, encouraging them to reinforce their preventive procedures.

Politically exposed persons (PEPs)

PEPs are public agents who hold or have
held a relevant public position, as well as their representatives, family members or other close associates, over the past five
years, in Brazil or other countries, territories and foreign jurisdictions. It also includes their legal entities. Financial institutions
must develop and implement internal procedures to identify PEPs and obtain special approval from a more senior staff member, such
as an officer, than otherwise would be required to approve relationships prior to establishing any relationship with those individuals.
They should also adopt reinforced and continuous surveillance actions regarding transactions with PEPs and report all suspicious
transactions to COAF.

Portability of credit transactions

The portability of credit transactions
is regulated by the Central Bank since 2013. Portability consists of the transfer of a credit transaction from the original creditor
to another institution, at the request of the debtor, maintaining the same outstanding balance and payment conditions. The regulation
establishes standard procedures and deadlines for the exchange of information and the mandatory use of an electronic system authorized
by the Central Bank for the transfer of funds between financial institutions, prohibiting the use of any alternative procedure
to produce the same effects of the portability, including so-called “debt purchases”.

Rules governing the charge of fees on banking and credit
card operations

Banking fees and credit card operations
are extensively regulated by the CMN and the Central Bank. According to Brazilian legislation, we must classify the services we
provide to individuals under pre-determined categories and are subject to limitations on the collection of fees for such services.

Brazilian financial institutions are generally
not authorized to charge fees from individuals for providing services classified as “essential” with respect to checking
and saving accounts, such as supplying debit cards, check books, withdrawals, statements and transfers, among others.

Brazilian legislation also authorizes financial
institutions to charge fees related to “priority services”, a standard set of services defined by Central Bank regulation.
Financial institutions must offer to their individual clients “standard packages” of priority services. Clients may
also choose between these or other packages offered by the financial institution, or to use and pay for services individually instead
of selecting a package.

Current rules also authorize financial
institutions to charge fees for specific services called “additional services” (serviços diferenciados), provided
that the account holder or user is informed of the use and payment conditions relating to such services, or that fees and collection
methods are defined in the contract.

CMN also establishes rules applicable to
credit cards, determining the events that allow for the collection of fees by issuers, as well as the information that must be
disclosed in credit card statements and in the credit card agreement. There is also a list of priority services. The rules define
two types of credit cards: (i) basic credit cards, with simpler services, without rewards programs and (ii) “special credit
cards”, with benefits and reward programs. A minimum of 15% of the total outstanding credit card balance must be paid monthly
by credit card holders.

A minimum 30-day prior notice to the public
must precede the creation or increase of a fee, whereas fees related to priority services may only be increased 180 days after
the date of a previous increase (while the reduction of a fee can take place at any time). With respect to credit cards, a 45-day
prior notice to the public is required for any increase or creation of fees, and

A-
110

such fees may only be increased 365 days after
a previous increase. The period of 365 days is also subject to changes in the rules applicable to benefit or reward programs.

At the end of 2016 and the beginning
of 2017, two major changes occurred in the Brazilian payment market. In December 2016 a provisional measure was published
authorizing the surcharge by payment instrument as a way to stimulate retail sales, allowing retailers to charge different
prices depending on the payment method. In January 2017 the Central Bank published a new resolution establishing that debits
made with credit cards cannot have a revolving credit feature for more than one payment period. Financial institutions may
offer to those clients an installment credit with lower interest rates than the revolving credit line.

Leasing regulation

Although leasing transactions are not classified
as credit transactions under Brazilian legislation, the Central Bank of Brazil regulates and oversees leasing transactions. The
parties involved in a leasing transaction are the “lessor” (the bank) and “lessee” (our client). The leased
asset, owned by the lessor, is delivered to be used by the lessee until the end of the contract, when the lessee may opt to either
acquire or return it to the lessor or renew the contract for a new period.

Brazilian legislation establishes a specific
methodology to account for the profits or losses in leasing transactions and all information that should be included in a lease
agreement. The guaranteed residual amount paid by a lessee should correspond to a minimum return required for the transaction to
be viable for the lessor, whether the purchase option is exercised or not. The laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions,
such as those related to reporting requirements, capital adequacy and leverage, assets composition limits and allowance for losses,
are also generally applicable to leasing companies.

Correspondent agents

We may engage other entities to provide
certain services to our clients, including customer service. These entities are generally called correspondents, and our relationship
with correspondents is regulated by the Central Bank. Among other requirements, the Central Bank establishes that employees of
all correspondent agents must hold a technical certification authorizing them to serve customers involved in credit and leasing
operations.

Banking secrecy

Brazilian financial institutions must maintain
the secrecy of banking transactions and services provided to their clients. The only circumstances in which information about clients,
services or transactions by Brazilian financial institutions or credit card companies may be disclosed to third parties are the
following:

•   the disclosure of information with the express consent of the interested parties;

•   the exchange of information between financial institutions for record purposes;

•   the disclosure of information to credit reference agencies based on data from the records of subscribers
of checks drawn on accounts without sufficient funds and defaulting debtors;

•   the disclosure of information to the competent authorities relating to the actual or suspected
occurrence of criminal acts or administrative wrongdoings, including the disclosure of information on transactions involving funds
related to any unlawful activities;

•   the disclosure of some information established by law to tax authority; and

•   the disclosure of information in compliance with a judicial order.

Except as permitted under the Brazilian legislation or by judicial
order, a breach of bank secrecy is a criminal offense.

Digitalization of documents and record keeping

On March 31, 2016, CMN enacted a new resolution
regulating the digitalization of documents with respect to transactions carried out by financial institutions and other institutions
authorized to operate by the Central Bank. The regulation authorizes those institutions to maintain digital documents, instead
of paper documents, for recordkeeping purposes, if certain requirements to ensure the documents authenticity, validity and protection
are met. It also permits the disposal of original paper documents provided that this measure will not prejudice the institution’s
ability to exercise any rights or to commence any proceeding or exercise any protective remedy related to the relevant document.

Ombudsman

In 2015, CMN and Central Bank updated the
regulation about the Ombudsman’s Office for Financial Institutions subject to supervision. The Ombudsman’s Office has been
mandatory since 2007 and is the main channel of customer assistance and mediation of conflicts monitored by the Central Bank.

In this update, the main duties of the
Ombudsman’s Office were reinforced, to continue acting as a last resource within the company to resolve clients’ demands
between clients and the institution, and to attend to complaints not resolved in our primary channels.

A-
111

Every six months, the Ombudsman has to
prepare a report about the most critical complaints, root cause analysis and action plans to improve customer experience. This
report is submitted to upper management and audit committee, as well as to Central Bank.

The revised standard reduced SLAs from
15 to a maximum of 10 days from client’s complaints. It also demanded more transparency and highlight to contact information,
telephone number for access to the Ombudsman’s Office on the internet and the need to publish a public report on the Ombudsman’s
work.

Itaú Unibanco has been in compliance since the mandatory
date of June 30, 2016.

Regulation of the brazilian securities market

According to the Brazilian Corporate Law,
a company is considered publicly-traded or closely-held depending on whether the securities issued by it are accepted for trading
in the securities market or not. All publicly-held companies, such as our company, are registered with CVM and are subject to information
disclosure and reporting requirements.

Disclosure requirements

Under CVM rules, publicly-traded companies
are subject to disclosure requirements and rules governing the use of material information. Any decision that may reasonably influence
the price of the securities issued by a publicly-held company or the decision of investors to buy, sell, or hold these securities,
is considered material.

CVM improved the quality of the information
that must be presented in periodic filings by securities issuers by requiring such issuers to register a “Reference Form”
in its files. This form was modeled after IOSCO’s shelf registration system in gathering all of the issuer’s information
in a single document.

Asset management regulation

The Brazilian asset management regulation
requires a previous registration with CVM to perform the services of portfolio management and fund administration.

Itaú Unibanco Group provides several
services in the capital markets and, in particular, performs activities related to fund administration and portfolio management
under CVM registration and in accordance with CVM regulation.

By providing these services, our entities
engaged in the asset management business can be held civilly and administratively liable for losses arising from either intentional
acts or negligence in conducting their activities.

CVM has regulatory powers to oversee these
activities, including powers to impose fines and other sanctions on registered asset managers.

Funds of foreign investors

In March 2015, a new regulatory framework
issued by CMN and CVM became effective regarding (i) foreign investment in the Brazilian financial and capital markets and (ii)
depositary receipts.

The most significant changes in the rules
applicable to foreign investment in the Brazilian financial and capital markets introduced by the new regulation are: (i) a requirement
that only financial institutions authorized to operate in Brazil may act as legal representatives of non-resident investors in
Brazil for purposes of any investments made within the purview of such rule; (ii) clarification of requirements regarding simultaneous
foreign exchange transactions (without the effective transfer of money) related to foreign investments; and (iii) clarification
about the types of investments that can be made through a foreign investor account (
conta de domiciliado no exterior
) maintained
at a bank in Brazil.

The new regulation also amended the rules
applicable to depositary receipts, by allowing the issuance of depositary receipts based on (i) any security issued by Brazilian
companies registered with CVM (
companhias abertas
), in contrast to the previous rules which limited the issuance of depository
receipts to equity securities, and (ii) credit instruments issued by financial institutions and other types of institutions registered
with CVM and authorized by the Central Bank, and eligible to be included in the financial institution’s regulatory capital
(
Patrimônio de Referência
).

Some of the changes implemented by CVM
rules on registry, operations and disclosure of information related to foreign investment in the Brazilian financial and capital
markets were made to detail the activities of legal representatives, to enlarge the scope of non-resident investor´s private
transactions and to determine the exceptions of transfer between non-resident investors prohibited by CMN.

Internet and e-commerce regulation

Certain aspects of electronic
commerce are regulated, including the validity of electronic documents in Brazil and electronic commerce transactions from
the consumer protection standpoint. Current regulation on electronic commerce is intended to: (i) clearly identify the
supplier and the product sold on the internet; (ii) provide an electronic service channel to clients; and (iii) guarantee
cancellation and return of internet orders.

In addition, computer hacking offenses were criminalized in
Brazil in 2012.

A-
112

In light of the increased use of electronic channels in the
Brazilian banking industry, CMN has enacted a number of resolutions over the past few years in order to provide or establish:

•   that Brazilian residents may open deposit bank accounts by electronic means, which includes the
internet, ATMs, telephone and other communication channels, provided that transfers of amounts from such accounts are allowed only
between accounts of the same account holder or in the event of liquidation of investment products and funds of an account, of the
same account holders who own the investment products or funds;

•   the requirements related to the verification of a client’s identity;

•   that all financial institutions that offer products and services through electronic means must
guarantee the security, secrecy and reliability of all electronic transactions and disclose, in clear and precise terms, the risks
and responsibilities involving the product or service acquired through these channels; and

•   the opening of deposit bank and savings accounts that can be used exclusively through electronic
means.

On April 25, 2016, CMN enacted a regulation
on the opening and closing of banking accounts by electronic means, without the restrictions described above. Banks must adopt
procedures and controls to confirm and guarantee the client’s identity and the authenticity of the information required to open
an account. The regulation permits the use of digital signatures and the collection of signatures through electronic devices. The
procedures and technologies used in the opening and closing of electronically deposit accounts must observe:

I - integrity, authenticity and confidentiality of the information
and electronic documents used;

II - protection against access, use, modification, reproduction
and unauthorized destruction of information and electronic documents;

III - backup production of information and electronic documents;
and

IV - tracking and auditing procedures and technologies used
in the process.

Under the new regulation, customers must be afforded the option
of closing banking accounts electronically.

Federal Law No. 12,965/2014 and Federal
No. Decree 8,771/2016 establish the regulatory framework for internet services in Brazil and set forth principles and rules to
be observed by internet providers and users, including the protection of privacy and personal data and the preservation and safeguard
of net neutrality.

FEBRABAN, the Brazilian Federation of Banks,
has issued a regulation on extending credit through remote channels (such as ATMs, call centers and internet banking), setting
forth minimum guidelines and procedures to ensure reliability, quality, transparency and efficiency.

Regulation on payment Agents and payment arrangements

A Brazilian law enacted in October 2013
establishes the legal framework for “payment arrangements” (i.e., the set of rules governing a payment scheme, such
as a credit or debit card transaction), and “payment agents” (i.e., any agent that issues a payment instrument or acquires
a merchant for payment acceptance), which became part of the Brazilian Payments System and subject to oversight by the Central
Bank. Payment agents, in spite of being regulated by the Central Bank, are not deemed to be financial institutions and are prohibited
from engaging in activities that are exclusive of financial institutions.

CMN and the Central Bank published rules
in November 2013 regulating payment arrangements and payment agents. This regulation establishes, among other matters: (i) consumer
protection and anti-money laundering compliance and loss prevention rules that should be followed by all entities supervised by
the Central Bank when acting as payment agents and payment arrangers; (ii) the procedures for the incorporation, organization,
authorization and operation of payment agents, as well for the transfer of control, subject to the Central Bank’s prior approval;
(iii) capital requirements; (iv) definition of arrangements excluded from the Brazilian Payments System; (v) payment accounts,
which are divided into prepaid and post-paid accounts; and (vi) a liquidity requirement for prepaid accounts that demands the allocation
of their balance to a special account at the Central Bank or to be invested in government bonds, starting at 20% in 2014 and raising
gradually up to the totality of the total account balance in 2019.

In October 2015, a regulation was published
by the Central Bank regulating limitations on closed payment arrangements, the concept of domicile institution, obligation of centralized
clearing and settlement for the payment arrangements, and transparency of interoperability rules within an arrangement and between
arrangements.

Provision of financial services through electronic channels

On April 25, 2016, CMN enacted a new regulation,
altering the exceptions to the general rule that obligates financial institutions to provide client access to traditional banking
services channels, establishing that it is not required for collection and receipt services based on agreements that demand exclusively
electronic channels.

A-
113

Credit performance information

Brazilian law establishes rules for the
organization and consultation of databases compiling positive credit history information of individuals and legal entities. The
Central Bank regulates the provision of positive credit history information by financial institutions to such databases and the
sharing of such information, such provision and sharing being subject to the express request or authorization of the client.

Consumer Protection Code

The Brazilian Consumer Protection Code
(CDC) sets forth consumer defense and protection rules applicable to consumers’ relationships with suppliers of products
or services. Brazilian higher courts understand that the CDC is also applicable to financial institutions.

The basic consumer rights dealing with financial institutions
are as follows:

•   reverse burden of proof in court;

•   financial institutions must ensure that proper and clear information is provided with respect to
the different products and services offered, with accurate specifications for quantity, characteristics, composition, quality,
and price, as well as on any risks such products pose;

•   financial institutions are prohibited from releasing misleading or abusive publicity or information
about their contracts or services, as well as promoting overbearing or disloyal commercial practices;

•   financial institutions are liable for any damages caused to their consumers by misrepresentations
in their publicity or information provided;

•   interest charged in connection with personal credit and consumer directed credit transactions must
be proportionally reduced in case of early payment of debts;

•   collection of credits cannot expose the client to embarrassment or be performed in a threatening
manner; and

•   amounts charged improperly may in limited circumstances have to be returned in an amount equal
to twice what was paid in excess of due amounts. Such rule does not apply to cases of justifiable mistake, such as systemic failure
or operational error.

Moreover, the Brazilian Congress is considering
enacting legislation that, if signed into law as currently proposed, could have an adverse effect on us. For example, a proposed
law to amend the Brazilian consumer protection code would allow courts to modify terms and conditions of credit agreements in certain
circumstances, imposing specified restrictions on the collection of amounts from final consumers. In addition, local or state legislatures
may, from time to time, consider bills intending to impose security measures and standards for customer services, such as limits
in queues and accessibility requirements, that, if signed into law, could affect our operations. More recently, certain bills have
passed (and others have been proposed) in certain Brazilian states or municipalities that impose, or aim to impose, restrictions
on the ability of creditors to include the information about insolvent debtors in the records of credit protection bureaus, which
could also adversely affect our ability to collect credit outstanding.

Regulation of independent auditors

In accordance with CMN regulation establishing
the rules that govern external audit services provided to financial institutions, the financial statements and financial information
of financial institutions must be audited by independent auditors who are (i) duly registered with CVM; (ii) qualified as specialists
in audit of banks by the CFC and the IBRACON; and (iii) meet the requirements that ensure auditor independence.

After issuing audit reports for five consecutive
fiscal years, the responsible audit partner and audit team members with management responsibilities must rotate-off and cannot
be part of the audit team of such institution for three consecutive fiscal years.

CMN regulation also prohibits the engagement
and maintenance of independent auditors by financial institutions in the event that: (i) any of the circumstances of impediment
or incompatibility for the provision of audit services provided for in the rules and regulations of CVM, CFC or IBRACON arise;
(ii) ownership of shares of or entering into financial transactions (either asset or liability) with the audited financial institution
by the audit firm or members of the audit team involved in the audit work of the financial institution; and (iii) fees payable
by the institution represent 25% or more of the total annual fees of the audit firm. Additionally, the audited financial institution
is prohibited from hiring partners and members of the audit team with managerial responsibilities who were involved in the audit
work at the financial institution during the preceding 12 months.

In addition to the audit report, the independent auditor must
prepare the following reports, as required by CMN regulation.

•   an assessment of the internal controls and risk management procedures of the financial institution,
including its electronic data processing system;

•   a description of non-compliance with legal and regulatory provisions that have, or may have, a
significant impact on the audited financial statements or operations of the audited financial institution; and

•   others reports required by Central Bank.

A-
114

These reports, as well as working papers,
correspondence, service agreements and other documents related to the audit work must retained and made available to the Central
Bank for at least five years.

Under Brazilian law, our financial statements
must be prepared in accordance with the accounting practices adopted in Brazil applicable to institutions authorized to operate
by the Central Bank. We also prepare financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
as issued by IASB. Please refer to Context, item Context of this report, About our financial information for further details. Financial
institutions must have their financial statements audited every six months. Quarterly financial statements filed with CVM must
be reviewed by independent auditors of the financial institutions. CVM rules require publicly-held companies, including financial
institutions, to disclose information related to non-audit services provided by independent auditors when they represent more than
5% of the fees for audit services. Such information should include the type of service, the amount paid and the percentage that
they represent of the fees for audit of financial statements. Please refer to Our governance, item Audit Committee, for further
details about fees and services of the main auditors.

Self regulators

We are signatories of self-regulation codes
that establish principles, rules and recommendations of best corporate governance practices and determined activities, as applicable.
The self-regulatory entities that we are subject to are: Brazilian Association of Publicly-Held Companies (ABRASCA),
Brazilian Association of Credit Cards and Services Companies (ABECS), Brazilian Financial and Capital Markets Association (ANBIMA),
Brazilian Federation of Banks (FEBRABAN), amongst others.

Taxation

We summarize below the main taxes levied
on the transactions entered into by entities in the Itaú Unibanco Group in Brazil. This description does not represent a
comprehensive analysis of all tax considerations applicable to the Itaú Unibanco Group. For a more in-depth analysis, we
recommend that potential investors consult their own tax advisors. The main taxes we are subject to, with respective rates, are
as follows:

Tax   Rate   Tax calculation basis
IRPJ (Corporate Income Tax)   15.0% plus a 10.0% surtax   Net income with adjustments (exclusions, additions, and deductions)
CSLL (Social Contribution  on Net Income)   20.0% (financial institutions, insurance companies and capitalization entities) or 9.0% (other Itaú Unibanco Group companies)   Net income with adjustments (exclusions, additions, and deductions)
COFINS (Social Security Financing Contribution)   4.0% (financial institutions, insurance companies and capitalization entities) or  7.6% (other Itaú Unibanco Group companies)   Gross revenue minus specific deductions
PIS  (Contribution on Social Integration Program)   0.65% (financial institutions, insurance companies and capitalization entities) or 1.65% (other Itaú Unibanco Group companies)   Gross revenue minus specific deductions
ISS (Service Tax)   2.0% to 5.0%   Price of service rendered
IOF (Tax on Financial Transactions)   Depends  on  the  type  of  the  transaction,  as described below.   Transaction nominal value

Corporate income tax and social contribution on net income

In accordance with applicable legislation,
corporate income tax (
Imposto de Renda da Pessoa Jurídica
, or IRPJ), and social contribution on profits (
Contribuição
Social Sobre o Lucro Líquido
, or CSLL) are determined by the taxable income regime. Under this regime, our taxable income,
on which IRPJ and CSLL will be levied, must be adjusted by additions, deductions, and exclusions, such as nondeductible expenses,
operating costs and equity accounting, respectively.

The IRPJ is levied at a basic 15.0% rate,
and a 10.0% surtax is applicable when the total amount of profit for the fiscal period exceeds R$20,000 per month or R$240,000
per year. In other words, any portion of our profit exceeding this limit is taxed at an effective 25.0% rate.

A-
115

CSLL is currently levied on our taxable
income at a 20.0% rate, which is specific for financial institutions, insurance and similar companies. Note that this tax is generally
levied at a 9.0% for non-financial legal entities. Nonetheless, the Federal Government increased such a rate initially to 15.0%,
and then to 20.0%. Despite such increase, some Brazilian financial institutions, including us, are disputing the constitutionality
of this higher CSLL tax rate. The amounts in dispute are accounted for as a tax liability provision in our balance sheet. In regard
to this matter, it is worth mentioning that on the same rule that increased CSLL from 15.0% to 20.0% (Law 13,169), the Federal
Government also determined that, as from January 1, 2019, the CSLL rate will be reduced to 15.0%.

As other Brazilian legal entities, our
companies may offset the historical nominal amount of tax losses determined in prior years against results of subsequent years
at any time (i.e., with no limitations with respect to time periods), provided that such offsetting does not exceed 30.0% of the
annual taxable income of such future year. For purposes of IRPJ and CSLL taxation, companies should consider their income abroad
as well rather than income solely from Brazilian operations. Therefore, profits, capital gains and other income earned abroad by
Itaú Unibanco Group entities in Brazil, their branches, representations, affiliates or subsidiaries, will also be computed
for determination of the entities net income. However, Brazilian legislation provides for our deducting the amounts paid as corporate
income tax abroad against the IRPJ due in Brazil and CSLL, provided certain limits are observed.

Income tax for individuals and foreign investors

On September 22, 2015, the President of
Brazil enacted Provisional Measure No. 692, or MP 692, converted into Law No. 13,259 of March 16, 2016, which aimed at increasing
the flat 15% rate of the income tax levied on capital gains derived by individuals, certain corporations and foreign investors
(individuals and corporations) as a result of the disposal of assets and rights in general exceeding R$5 million, by adopting a
system of progressive rates that may reach a 22.5% tax rate (for positive results exceeding R$30 million). Since capital gains
arising from transactions executed through a securities exchange are subject to specific tax rules, which are not included under
the scope of Law No. 13,259, it is possible to sustain the position that the provisions of this rule should not apply to such transactions.
This rule applies since January 1, 2017. If the stockholder is a resident of or domiciled in a tax haven jurisdiction or a privileged
tax regime, the capital gains are still subject to the withholding income tax at a 25% rate.

Contribution on social integration program and social security
financing contribution

In addition to IRPJ and CSLL, Brazilian
legal entities are subject to the following taxes on revenue: contribution on social integration program (
Contribuição
Para o Programa da Integração Social
, or PIS) and social security financing contribution (
Contribuição

Social Para o Financiamento da Seguridade Social
, or COFINS).

In accordance with applicable legislation,
financial institutions are subject to the cumulative regime for calculation of these taxes. Under the cumulative regime, financial
institutions are required to pay PIS at a 0.65% rate and COFINS at a 4.0% rate. The cumulative regime provides for rates lower
than those levied under the non-cumulative regime, which is explained below, but it prevents the use of tax credits.

Some additional deductions are legally
permitted to financial institutions, and therefore the calculation basis is similar to the profit margin. Some of our subsidiaries
claim that the PIS and COFINS should be levied only on their revenue from the sale of products and services, rather than on the
revenues from financial and other activities. The amounts in dispute are accounted for as tax contingencies in the balance sheets
of these companies.

Most non-financial companies, on the other
hand, are authorized to pay PIS and COFINS contributions according to the non-cumulative regime. Under the non-cumulative regime,
PIS is levied at a 1.65% rate and COFINS is levied at a 7.6% rate. The calculation basis of these taxes is the gross revenue earned
by the entity; however, the taxpayer may offset credits calculated through the application of the same rates on the value paid
on the purchase of certain inputs used in the entity’s production process. Currently, under such non-cumulative regime, the
financial income of non-financial companies is subject to PIS and COFINS at the rate of 0.65% and 4%, respectively, except for
income from interest on capital, wich is subjected to PIS and COFINS at the rate of 1.65% and 7.6%, respectively.

Service tax

The tax on services (Imposto Sobre Serviços
de Qualquer Natureza, or ISS) is generally levied on the price of services rendered (e.g., banking services) and is charged by
the municipality where our branch or office rendering the service is located. The tax rates vary from 2.0% up to the maximum rate
of 5.0%, depending on the municipality in which the service is provided and its respective nature.

A new tax law enacted on December 30, 2016
effected a number of changes with respect to the Brazilian tax on service ISS. Among a series of modifications to the ISS, the
new law introduced a minimum tax rate of 2%. The original proposed legislation approved by the Brazilian Congress provided changes
related to ISS assessment on new activities such as credit card and leasing operations but the President vetoed these changes.
Following the legislative procedure, there is a possibility that the Brazilian Congress overturns the presidential veto.

A-
116

Tax on financial transactions

The tax on financial transactions is levied
at specific rates according to the transaction in question, and may be changed by a decree from the executive branch (which may
become effective as of its publication date), rather than by a law enacted by the Brazilian Congress.

The following table summarizes the main
IOF rates levied on our transactions. Notwithstanding, we note that IOF is a very comprehensive tax. Therefore, for a more in-depth
analysis, we recommend that tax advisors be consulted accordingly.

Type of transaction   Applicable
Rates (Rates may be changed by a decree enacted by the Brazilian government up to a maximum rate, as described below,
which may become effective as of its publication date)
Foreign exchange transactions   IOF/FX: zero to 6.38% (depending on the transaction) Maximum rate: 25%
Insurance transactions   IOF/Insurance: zero to 7.38% Maximum rate: 25%
Loans and credit transactions   IOF/Credit: 0.0082% (individual) or 0.0041% (legal entities) per day, until it reaches 365 days, plus a flat 0.38% rate Maximum rate: 1.5% per day
Securities   IOF/Securities: zero to 1.5% as a general rule (possible to be higher) Maximum rate: 1.5% per day
Securities – Derivatives   IOF/Securities - Derivatives: zero Maximum rate: 25%

U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)

FATCA attempts to minimize tax avoidance
by U.S. persons investing in foreign assets both through their own accounts and through their investments in foreign entities.
FATCA requires U.S. withholding agents such as Itaú to provide information to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regarding
their U.S. account holders including substantial U.S. owners of certain Non-Financial Foreign Entities (NFFEs) and specified U.S.
persons having an interest in certain professionally managed investment vehicles and trusts known as owner-documented foreign financial
institutions (FFIs).

To the extent a U.S. withholding agent
is not able to properly document an account, it generally will be required to deduct 30% FATCA withholding on certain payments
of U.S. source income. Gross proceeds from the sale of property that would yield U.S. source dividends or interest are subject
to withholding beginning January 1, 2019.

U.S. tax law has detailed rules for determining
the source of income. Different rules apply for each type of income. Interest and dividends, two of the most common types of income
for investors, are generally sourced by reference to the residence of the obligor. Specifically, dividends are generally treated
as U.S. source income when paid by a U.S. corporation with respect to its stock, and interest is generally treated as U.S. source
income when paid by a U.S. borrower of money.

The United States collaborated with other
governments to develop Intergovernmental Agreements (IGAs) to implement FATCA. IGAs with partner jurisdictions facilitate the effective
and efficient implementation of FATCA. The purpose of these agreements is essentially to remove domestic legal impediments to compliance
with FATCA and sharing of information and to reduce burdens on FFIs located in partner jurisdictions.

More than 70 jurisdictions have signed
an IGA, including Brazil, the Cayman Islands, Switzerland and United Kingdom. In addition, approximately 30 other jurisdictions
are deemed as having an IGA in effect. Some countries signed a reciprocal agreement, meaning that the country (such as Brazil)
and the United States will automatically exchange annually, on a reciprocal basis, specific account holder information.

There are two types of IGAs – Model
1 IGA, where local FFIs are required to implement account opening and due diligence procedures to identify U.S. accounts and report
them to the local tax authority for exchange with the IRS (examples of Model 1 IGA countries are Brazil, Cayman Islands, The Bahamas,
Peru and Colombia), and Model 2 IGA, where local FFIs are required to implement account opening and due diligence procedures to
identify U.S. accounts, but report such information directly to the IRS (examples of Model 2 IGA countries are Switzerland, Chile,
Paraguay and Japan).

The governments of Brazil and the United
States entered into a Model 1 IGA on September 23, 2014, which became effective in Brazil on August 24, 2015, after the approval
by the Brazilian Congress, ratification by the President and enactment of Decree 8,506 (IGA-BR).

Under the IGA-BR, Brazilian financial institutions
and other entities subject to FATCA disclosure requirements are generally required to provide certain information on their U.S.
account holders to the Brazilian tax authorities, which will share this information with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

A-
117

Furthermore, Normative Ruling No. 1,680,
dated December 28, 2016, was enacted to introduce the so-called Common Reporting Standard (CRS) in Brazil, which seeks to implement
a system of reporting financial accounts in a manner similar to FATCA. CRS is the result of discussions on the necessity of exchanging
information between tax authorities of many countries in the context of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Project, coordinated
by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). In connection therewith, an ancillary obligation called “e-financeira”
provided by Normative Ruling No. 1,571, dated July 2, 2016, will be the mandatory report filed by financial institutions in order
to fulfill FATCA and CRS obligations.

Moreover, on May 6, 2016, Brazilian tax
authorities issued Normative Ruling No. 1,634, effective as of January 1, 2017, that amended the regulation applicable to the National
Registry of Legal Entities (CNPJ). This regulation introduced a new rule providing an ancillary obligation by which certain entities
have to indicate the “Final Beneficiary” in each CNPJ, which is defined as the natural person who ultimately, directly
or indirectly, owns, controls or significantly influences a particular entity or on whose behalf a transaction is conducted.

In addition, Normative Ruling No.
1,681 was enacted in December 28, 2016 providing the obligation to annually deliver the so-called Country-by-Country
Statement, an ancillary obligation also arising from the discussions under the BEPS Project, before the Brazilian Federal
Revenue Service (RFB), which in its turn is also expected to exchange such information with other countries’ tax
authorities.

Pursuant to FATCA, the issuer, any
other financial institution or other entities subject to FATCA disclosure requirements to or through which any payment with
respect to the preferred shares or ADSs is made may be required, pursuant to the IGA-BR or under applicable law, to (i)
request certain information from holders or beneficial owners of our preferred shares or ADSs, which information may be
provided to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service; and (ii) withhold U.S. federal tax at a 30.0% rate on some portion or all of
the payments considered “pass-thru payments” made after December 31, 2018, with respect to the preferred shares
or ADSs if such information is not duly provided by such a holder or beneficial owner (referred to under FATCA as a
“recalcitrant account holder”). If the issuer or any other person is required to withhold amounts under or in
connection with FATCA from any payments made in respect of the preferred shares or ADSs, holders and beneficial owners of the
preferred shares or ADSs will not be entitled to receive any gross up or other additional amounts to compensate them for such
withholding.

The above description is based on guidance
issued to date by the U.S. Treasury Department, including the final U.S. Treasury regulations and IGA-BR. Future guidance may affect
the application of FATCA to the preferred shares or ADSs.

Exchange controls

Individuals or legal entities domiciled
outside Brazil may own our stock through ADSs negotiated in a U.S. Exchange or through direct investments in the Brazilian Market.

However, the right to convert dividend
payments and proceeds from the sale of our shares in the Brazilian Market, into foreign currency and to remit such amounts abroad
is subject to restrictions under foreign investment and foreign currency legislation. This legislation generally requires, among
other things, documentary evidence that establishes the validity and the economic legitimacy of the exchange operation and that
the relevant investment has registered with the Central Bank and CVM, as applicable.

In case the investment in our stock is
made through ADS, the ADS holders benefit from the electronic certificate of foreign capital registration obtained in Brazil by
the custodian of preferred shares underlying the ADSs, which permits the depositary bank to convert dividends and other distributions
with respect to the preferred shares underlying the ADSs into foreign currency and remit the proceeds abroad.

In case the investment in our stock is
made directly in the Brazilian market, such investment needs to be registered with the Central Bank either as (i) a foreign direct
investment, the Electronic Declaratory Registration of Foreign Direct Investment (RDE-IED), or (ii) a portfolio investment, the
Electronic Declaratory Registration of Portfolio (RDE – Portfolio).

The foreign direct investment (RDE-IED)
enables non-resident investors to hold stock of companies, although it, limits the ability of the investor to negotiate such stocks
in the Brazilian capital markets. On the other hand, the portfolio investment (RDE – Portfolio) entitles certain foreign
investors to invest not only in stocks, but also in other financial assets and securities, and to engage in a variety of transactions
available in the Brazilian financial and capital markets, provided that certain requirements of the regulation are fulfilled.

Registration under RDE – Portfolio
affords favorable tax treatment to non-resident investors who are not residents or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions, as defined
by Brazilian tax laws.

A-
118

Performance

Message from the Chief Finance Officer

Dear reader,

At Itaú Unibanco, we work to
maintain a sustainable performance for the purpose of creating value to our many stakeholders. To this end, we seek a
transparent and close relationship with our clients, commercial partners, stockholders, investors and agents from the capital
markets, reporting, in a timely manner, our results, risks and strategies.

In order to become increasingly more accessible
to the market, we invest in many communication initiatives. Some years ago, we combined our annual report, form 20-F, sustainability
report and debt prospect in this Consolidated Annual Report so as to centralize and homogenize the way we present the bank’s
relevant information. In 2016, we held 16 public meetings about our results, strategies and prospects through APIMEC (Association
of Capital Markets Analysts and Investment Professionals) and we participated in 30 conferences and 9 road shows, in Brazil and
abroad.

This report includes the history of
the bank, its strategies, main businesses, risks and results over six sections. I invite you all to get to know a little bit
more about the changes in the structure of our Executive Committee and its members in the Our
Governance section. In the section on risk management, you can learn more about our Risk Culture, an important instrument to
ensure that all our employees take conscious risks. Together with our policies, procedures and processes, our Risk Culture
strengthens the individual and collective responsibility of all employees in the management of the risks inherent to the
 performed activities. Also in this section, we describe our risk factors, which represent the main events that
could significantly affect our business.

In the section on Performance, I invite
you all to understand, in detail, the financial performance of Itaú Unibanco in 2016, which is presented in accordance with
the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). In it you will find the result of the application of the strategy described
throughout this report by means of our main figures.

Today, we are the largest private
bank in Latin America and one of the world’s 20 largest financial institutions in market value. We are present in 19
countries with a staff of more than 90,000 employees who work for the satisfaction of our clients. We have new challenges
ahead of us and they encourage us to continue to build an increasingly more sustainable, transparent and
technological bank.

In November 2016, we announced a
number of changes to the bank’s Executive Committee, including my own appointment to the position of General
Wholesale Officer. I wish Caio Ibrahim David, who takes over as
CFO and CRO of Itaú Unibanco Holding, a great deal of success in his new journey.

Our team is always at the disposal
of anyone interested in getting to know the bank better by means of the following communication channels: Investor
Relations website (www.itau.com.br/relacoes-com-investidores) and our pages on Facebook (facebook.com/itauunibancori) and
Twitter (@itauunibanco_ri). We appreciate any suggestions received in the e-mail address:
relacoes.investidores@itau-unibanco.com.br.

I wish you all a good reading.

Best regards,

Eduardo Vassimon

CFO & CRO in 2016

A-
119

Financial performance

Significant accounting policies

General information

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements included in this Consolidated Annual Report involves some assumptions that are based on our historical experience and
other factors that we deem reasonable and material. Although we review these estimates and assumptions in the ordinary course of
business, the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations often requires our management to make judgments
regarding the effects on our financial condition and results of operations of matters that are uncertain by nature. The comments
below describe those aspects that require significant judgment or involve a higher degree of complexity in the application of the
accounting. Actual results may differ from those estimated under different variables, assumptions or conditions.

Use of estimates and assumptions

The preparation of complete financial statements
in accordance with IFRS requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
at the date of the complete financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue, expenses and gains and losses during
the reporting period because the actual results may differ from those determined based on such estimates and assumptions.

All estimates and assumptions made by management
are in accordance with IFRS and represent our best estimates made in conformity with applicable standards. Estimates and judgments
are evaluated on an ongoing basis, based on past experience and other factors.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 2.3 – Critical Accounting Estimates and Judments, for further details.

Allowance for loan and lease losses

The allowance for loan and lease losses
represents our estimate of the probable losses inherent to our loan portfolio at the end of each reporting period. In order to
determine the amount of the allowance for loan and lease losses, a portfolio is classified into two categories with respect to
which specific methodologies are used to estimate losses. Loans and leases are analyzed on an individual or portfolio basis.

•   Loans and leases analyzed on an individual basis (corresponding to our corporate portfolio) are
individually analyzed for impairment. For those considered to be impaired, we determine the amount of the allowance based on the
expected cash flows that the company that will receive from the loan. The loans analyzed on an individual basis that are not impaired
are rated based on risk factors, and the inherent losses for each rating are estimated based on our historical experience, which
involves judgments related to identifying risk factors and assigning a rating.

•   Loans analyzed on a portfolio basis (corresponding to the following portfolios: (i) Individuals,
(ii) Very Small, Small and Medium Business and (iii) Foreign Units – Latin America) are further segregated into classes,
when appropriate, based on their underlying risks and characteristics. The allowance for loan and lease losses is determined by
portfolio based on historical experience, which also involves judgments and assumptions.

Many factors affect the estimate of losses
in each of the categories for which we estimate the allowance on a portfolio basis, such as the methodology used to measure historical
delinquency and the historical period to be used. Additionally, factors affecting the specific amount of the allowances to be recorded
are subjective and include economic and political conditions, credit quality trends and volume and growth observed in each portfolio.
We present information on our allowance for loan and lease losses in the following table:

A-
120

Allowance for Loan and Leases Losses   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2013   12/31/2012
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet at the beginning of period   26,844   22,392   22,235   25,713   23,873
Write-offs   (24,251   )   (20,065   )   (18,675   )   (21,769   )   (22,142   )
Individuals   (13,682   )   (11,235   )   (12,668   )   (13,541   )   (12,317   )
Credit card   (4,905   )   (4,055   )   (3,784   )   (3,513   )   (4,073   )
Personal loans   (6,745   )   (5,221   )   (5,150   )   (6,247   )   (4,895   )
Payroll loans   (1,273   )   (622   )   (429   )   (480   )   (472   )
Vehicles   (709   )   (1,294   )   (3,254   )   (3,263   )   (2,840   )
Mortgage loans   (50   )   (43   )   (51   )   (38   )   (37   )
Corporate   (4,985   )   (4,321   )   (672   )   (478   )   (556   )
Small and Medium Businesses   (4,267   )   (3,981   )   (4,992   )   (7,573   )   (9,209   )
Foreign Loans Latin America   (1,317   )   (528   )   (343   )   (177   )   (60   )
Expense Recognized in the Income Statement   24,379   24,517   18,832   17,856   23,982
Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet at the end of period (1)   26,972   26,844   22,392   22,235   25,713
Recovery of loans written off as loss   3,742   4,779   5,054   5,061   4,663
Individuals   1,397   1,886   2,077   2,058   1,917
Credit card   450   590   663   653   515
Personal loans   426   563   577   525   427
Payroll loans   341   458   453   278   172
Vehicles   118   202   324   499   656
Mortgage loans   62   73   60   103   147
Corporate   929   1,537   1,642   1,602   1,380
Small and Medium Businesses   450   666   769   891   976
Foreign Loans Latin America   966   690   566   510   390
Net Write-offs   (20,509   )   (15,286   )   (13,621   )   (16,708   )   (17,479   )
Ratio of Write-offs during the period to average loans outstanding during the period (%)   5.0   4.3   4.4   5.7   6.2
Ratio of net write-offs during the period to average loans outstanding during the period (%)   4.2   3.3   3.2   4.4   4.9
Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans and leases (%)   5.5   5.7   4.9   5.4   7.0

(1) The carrying amount of the individual loans increased
by R$435 million in 2013 due to the acquisition of companies as explained in the Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS).

During the year ended December 31, 2016,
we wrote off a total amount of R$24,251 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses
to total loans and leases was 5.5%. The increase in loans written off from the prior year is due to the worsening macroeconomic
scenario, mainly in Brazil.

During the year ended December 31, 2015,
we wrote off a total amount of R$20,065 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses
to total loans and leases was 5.7%. The increase in loans written off from the prior year is due to the worsening macroeconomic
scenario, mainly in Brazil.

During the year ended December 31, 2014,
we wrote off a total amount of R$18,675 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses
to total loans and leases was 4.9%. The decrease in loans written off from the previous year from the prior year is a result of
the adoption of a policy of stricter selectivity in origination, which gave rise to lower default levels compared to the previous
year.

During the year ended December 31, 2013,
we wrote off a total amount of R$21,769 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses
to total loans and leases was 5.4%. The decrease in loans written off is a result of the adoption of a policy of stricter selectivity
in origination, which gave rise to lower default levels compared to the previous year.

During the year ended December 31, 2012,
we wrote off a total amount of R$22,142 million from our loan portfolio and our ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses
to total loans and leases was 7.0%. This represents an increase in loans written off from the loans written off for the year ended
December 31, 2011, when we wrote off a total amount of R$ 16,159 million. This increase is due to the increase in defaults in 2011
and beginning of 2012, associated with the increase in the volume of our portfolio of credit card, personal loans, small and medium
businesses.

Fair value of financial instruments

Financial instruments recorded at fair
value on our balance sheet include mainly securities classified as held-for-trading and available-for-sale as well as other trading
assets, including derivatives. Securities classified as held-to-maturity are recorded at amortized historical cost on our balance
sheet, and their corresponding fair values are shown in the notes to our complete financial statements. We present information
on the fair value of our financial instruments in the following table as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.

A-
121

As of December 31,
Financial instruments recorded at fair value   2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Assets
Held-for-trading   204,648   164,311   132,944
Designated at fair value through profit or loss   1,191   642   733
Derivatives   24,231   26,755   14,156
Available-for-sale   88,277   86,045   78,360
Total   318,347   277,753   226,193
Share (derivatives / total)   7.6   %   9.6   %   6.3   %
Liabilities
Held-for-trading   519   412   520
Derivatives   24,698   31,071   17,350
Total   25,217   31,483   17,870
Share (derivatives / total)   97.9   %   98.7   %   97.1   %

We determine the fair value of our financial
instruments based on International Financial Reporting Standard 13 (IFRS 13), which defines fair value as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date.

According to IFRS 13, there are different
levels of inputs that may be used to measure the fair value of financial instruments classified as levels 1, 2 and 3.

•   Level 1: observable inputs reflect the quoted prices (unadjusted) of identical assets or liabilities
in active markets;

•   Level 2: observable inputs reflect the information on assets and liabilities that are either directly
(such as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices) observable, except for the quoted prices included in Level 1; and

•   Level 3: information on assets and liabilities that are not based on observable market data due
to little market activity on the measurement date. We present information on our level 3 financial instruments in the following
table as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.

As of December 31,
Level 3   2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Held-for-trading   1,005   60   790
Available-for-sale securities   9,534   4,259   5,404
Net position of derivatives   461   1,218   77
Total   11,000   5,537   6,271
(Held-for-trading + Available-for-sale securities) / Total Level 3   95.8   %   78.0   %   98.8   %

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 31 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments for further details.

Judgments are also required to determine
whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. If there is any evidence
of impairment for available-for-sale or held-to-maturity financial assets, the cumulative loss, measured as the difference between
the acquisition cost and current fair value, is recognized in the statement of income. The primary factors that are used by management
to determine whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset is impaired include the observed period of the loss, the
level of the loss, whether we were required to sell the securities before the recovery and the expectation, on the date of analysis,
of the possibility of realization of the security. Please refer to section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS),
Note 2 – Significant Accounting Policies for further details about other significant accounting policies.

Contingent liabilities

Contingent liabilities arise mainly from
judicial and administrative proceedings inherent to the ordinary course of our business and that are filed by third parties, including
former employees and public bodies related to civil, labor, tax and social security claims.

A-
122

These contingencies are assessed based
on the best estimates of our management, taking into consideration the opinion of legal advisors when there is a probability that
financial resources will be required to settle obligations and the amount of such obligations can be reliably measured.

Contingencies are classified as follows, based on likelihood
of loss:

•   Probable: liabilities are recognized under “provisions” on our consolidated balance
sheet;

•   Possible: liabilities are disclosed in our complete financial statements but no provisions are
recorded; and

•   Remote: liabilities do not require provision or disclosure.

Contingent liabilities for which provisions
are recorded and those classified as having a “possible” likelihood of loss are evaluated based on our best estimates,
using models and criteria that allow for their proper evaluation despite the uncertainty that is inherent to terms and amounts.

Significant changes in accounting standards

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 2.2 – New accounting standards and new accounting standards changes and interpretations
for further details about information on significant changes in accounting standards.

Accounting practices adopted in Brazil

Our books and records are maintained in
Brazilian
reais
, the official currency in Brazil, and our complete financial statements, for statutory and regulatory purposes,
are prepared in accordance with accounting practices adopted in Brazil, applicable to institutions authorized to operate by the
Brazilian Central Bank (BACEN) (“Brazilian GAAP”). The accounting principles and standards generally applicable under
Brazilian GAAP include those established under Brazilian Corporate Law, by the Accounting Pronouncements Committee (CPC), which
started issuing standards in 2007, and by the Federal Accounting Council. In the case of companies subject to regulation by the
BACEN, such as Itaú Unibanco Holding, the effectiveness of the accounting pronouncements issued by entities such as the
CPC depends on approval of the pronouncement by CMN, which also establishes the date of effectiveness of any pronouncements with
respect to financial institutions. Additionally, CVM and other regulatory bodies, such as SUSEP and the Central Bank, provide additional
industry-specific guidelines.

Regulation applicable to the presentation of the complete
financial statements

Brazilian regulations establish specific
rules for the consolidation of complete financial statements by financial institutions. Under current BACEN regulations, financial
institutions, except for credit cooperatives, are required to prepare consolidated financial statements including investments directly
or indirectly held in other companies, individually or jointly controlled, and with respect to which such financial institutions
have (i) the right to appoint or designate the majority of the company’s board of directors; (ii) the right to appoint or
remove the majority of the company’s executives and directors; and/or (iii) operational or shareholding control. These regulations
apply to the entire group to which a financial institution belongs.

Assets

Portfolio of securities and derivative financial instruments

General information

We present below our portfolio of held-for-trading
financial assets, available-for-sale financial assets, held-to-maturity financial assets and derivative financial instruments as
of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.

The amounts exclude our investments in
securities of unconsolidated companies. For further information on our investments in unconsolidated companies, see section Performance,
item complete financial statement (IFRS), Note 13 – Investments in associates and joint ventures. Held-for-trading and available-for-sale
financial assets are stated at fair value and held-to-maturity financial assets are stated at amortized cost. Please refer to section
Performance, item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 2 – Significant Accounting Policies for further details.

As of December 31, 2016, we held securities issued by the
Brazilian federal government classified as “Government Securities – Domestic” with an aggregate book value
and an aggregate market value of R$221,973 million and R$222,331 million, respectively, which represented 164.92% of our
consolidated stockholders’ equity as of that date. As of December 31, 2016, we did not hold securities of any other
issuer the book value of which in the aggregate represented more than 10.0% of our consolidated stockholders’ equity.
This is due to our conservative asset and liabilities management and our liquidity in local currency maintained in securities
issued by the Brazilian federal government. Additionally, securities issued by the Brazilian federal government are accepted
as deposits in our operations in the market on BM&FBovespa.

A-
123

Held-for-trading

Listed below are the assets acquired and
accrued mainly for the purpose of selling in the short term or when they are part of a portfolio of financial instruments that
are managed as a whole and for which there is a recent history of sales in the short term. Please refer to section Performance,
item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 7 – Financial Assets Held for Trading and Designated at Fair Value Through
Profit or Loss, for further details.

As of December 31,
2016   % of total   2015   % of total   2014   % of total
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Held-for-trading financial assets   204,648   100.0   164,311   100.0   132,944   100.0
Investment funds   1,173   0.6   1,051   0.6   870   0.7
Government securities - domestic   165,349   80.8   121,484   73.9   88,307   66.4
Brazilian government securities   160,024   78.2   117,053   71.2   86,393   65.0
Brazilian external debt bonds   5,325   2.6   4,431   2.7   1,914   1.4
Government securities - abroad   3,735   1.8   1,149   0.7   1,540   1.2
Argentina   651   0.3   696   0.4   628   0.5
United States   78   0.0   132   0.1   448   0.3
Mexico   6   0.0   3   0.0   3   0.0
Chile   127   0.1   36   0.0   132   0.1
Paraguay   88   0.0   68   0.0   128   0.1
Uruguay   32   0.0   40   0.0   41   0.0
Colombia   2,669   1.3   72   0.0   88   0.1
Other   84   0.0   102   0.1   72   0.1
Corporate securities   34,391   16.8   40,627   24.7   42,227   31.8
Shares   2,491   1.2   2,161   1.3   2,351   1.8
Securitized real estate loans   -   -   -   -   1   -
Bank deposit certificates   1,824   0.9   2,583   1.6   3,281   2.5
Debentures   3,190   1.6   4,522   2.8   4,243   3.2
Eurobonds and other   662   0.3   991   0.6   1,061   0.8
Financial credit bills   25,893   12.6   30,367   18.5   30,711   23.1
Promissory Notes   -   -   -   -   577   0.4
Other   331   0.2   3   0.0   2   0.0
Held-for-trading financial assets as a percentage of total assets   15.1   %   12.9   %   11.8   %

We note that Brazilian government securities
represented over 78.2% of our portfolio of held-for-trading financial assets in 2016. Brazilian government securities classified
as Held-for-Trading represented 11.8% of our total assets in the same period. Please see Our risk management, item Risk factors,
we have significant exposure to Brazilian federal government debt.

Available-for-sale

Listed below are financial assets that,
according to management’s understanding, may be sold in response to, or before changes in, market conditions and are not
classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables or held to maturity. Please refer to
section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 10 – Available for Sale Financial Assets, for further
details.

A-
124

As of December 31,
2016   % of total   2015   % of total   2014   % of total
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Available-for-sale financial assets   88,277   100.0   86,045   100.0   78,360   100.0
Investment funds   42   0.0   218   0.3   141   0.2
Government securities - domestic   32,003   36.3   29,108   33.8   25,625   32.7
Brazilian government securities   17,938   20.3   11,796   13.7   14,391   18.4
Brazilian external debt bonds   14,065   15.9   17,312   20.1   11,234   14.3
Government securities - abroad   14,472   16.4   9,883   11.5   8,619   11.0
United States   1,427   1.6   2,022   2.3   726   0.9
Italy   -   -   -   -   70   0.1
Denmark   819   0.9   2,548   3.0   2,699   3.4
Spain   923   1.0   1,060   1.2   783   1.0
Korea   2,673   3.0   1,626   1.9   1,782   2.3
Chile   5,844   6.6   1,407   1.6   1,119   1.4
Paraguay   1,111   1.3   912   1.1   849   1.1
Uruguay   411   0.5   178   0.2   243   0.3
Colombia   1,155   1.3   -   -   -   -
Belgium   -   -   -   -   57   0.1
France   -   -   -   -   133   0.2
Netherlands   101   0.1   122   0.1   151   0.2
Other   8   0.0   8   0.0   7   0.0
Corporate securities   41,760   47.3   46,836   54.4   43,975   56.1
Shares   1,385   1.6   928   1.1   1,999   2.6
Securitized real estate loans   2,095   2.4   2,037   2.4   2,522   3.2
Bank deposit certificates   2,641   3.0   1,573   1.8   1,281   1.6
Debentures   21,170   24.0   22,835   26.5   20,245   25.8
Eurobonds and others   7,715   8.7   10,112   11.8   6,707   8.6
Promissory notes   2,173   2.5   991   1.2   1,397   1.8
Rural Product Note   1,425   1.6   1,130   1.3   1,408   1.8
Financial credit bills   2,816   3.2   6,846   8.0   8,005   10.2
Other   340   0.4   384   0.4   411   0.5
Available-for-sale financial assets as a percentage of total assets   6.5   %   6.7   %   7.0   %

Brazilian government securities and corporate
securities represented 20.3% and 47.3%, respectively, of our portfolio of available-for-sale financial assets in 2016. Brazilian
government securities and corporate securities classified as available-for-sale financial assets, which are used as a hedge for
our subordinated debt portfolio, represented 1.3% and 3.1%, respectively, of our total assets in the same period.

Held-to-maturity

Listed below are non-derivative financial
assets that with respect to which we have the intention and financial ability to held to maturity. Please refer to section Performance,
item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 11– Held to Maturity Financial Assets, for further details.

As of December 31,
2016   % of total   2015   % of total   2014   % of total
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Held-to-maturity financial assets   40,495   100.0   42,185   100.0   34,434   100.0
Government securities – domestic   24,979   61.7   26,509   62.9   20,859   60.6
Brazilian government securities   12,937   31.9   11,721   27.8   10,555   30.7
Brazilian external debt bonds   12,042   29.7   14,788   35.1   10,304   29.9
Government securities – abroad   539   1.3   15   -   26   0.1
Corporate securities   14,977   37.0   15,661   37.1   13,549   39.3
Debentures   12   0.0   -   -   -   -
Eurobonds and others   18   0.0   4   0.0   2   0.0
Securitized real estate loans   14,487   35.8   15,657   37.1   13,547   39.3
Others   460   1.1   -   -   -   -
Held-to-maturity financial assets as a percentage of total assets   3.0   %   3.3   %   3.1   %

Derivatives

Derivatives are classified on the date
of their acquisition in accordance with management’s intention to use them as a hedging instrument, as determined by Brazilian
regulations. Please refer to section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements

A-
125

(IFRS), Note 8 – Derivatives, for further details. Our
derivatives portfolio (assets and liabilities) is composed of futures, forwards, swaps, options and credit derivatives, as stated
in the following table:

As of December 31,
Derivative Financial Instruments   2016   % of total   2015   % of total   2014   % of total
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Assets
Futures Contracts   127   0.5   529   2.0   -   -
Options premiums   4,792   19.8   5,583   20.9   2,872   20.2
Forwards (onshore)   4,971   20.5   3,166   11.8   2,394   16.9
Swaps - difference receivable   10,542   43.5   9,147   34.2   4,816   34.0
Credit derivatives - financial Institutions   181   0.7   614   2.3   122   0.9
Forwards (offshore)   3,459   14.3   3,430   12.8   2,106   14.9
Check of Swap - companies   88   0.4   355   1.3   93   0.7
Others   71   0.3   3,931   14.7   1,753   12.4
Total derivative financial instruments assets   24,231   100.0   26,755   100.0   14,156   100.0
Derivative financial instruments as percentage of total assets   1.8   %   2.1   %   1.3   %
Liabilities
Futures Contracts   -   -   -   -   (354   )   2.0
Options premiums   (4,552   )   18.4   (5,783   )   18.6   (3,057   )   17.6
Forwards (onshore)   (3,530   )   14.3   (833   )   2.6   (682   )   3.9
Swaps - difference payable   (13,221   )   53.5   (16,331   )   52.6   (9,534   )   55.0
Credit derivatives - financial Institutions   (147   )   0.6   (875   )   2.8   (179   )   1.1
Forwards (offshore)   (2,825   )   11.5   (3,142   )   10.1   (1,693   )   9.8
Check of swap - Companies   (353   )   1.4   (545   )   1.8   (229   )   1.3
Other - Companies   (70   )   0.3   (3,562   )   11.5   (1,622   )   9.3
Total derivative financial instruments liabilities   (24,698   )   100.0   (31,071   )   100.0   (17,350   )   100.0
Derivative financial instruments as percentage of total liabilities and stockholder’s equity   1.8   %   2.4   %   1.5   %

A-
126

As
    of December 31, 2016
Distribution of our financial
    assets by maturity   No
    stated maturity   Due
    in 1 year or less   Due
    after 1 year to 5 years   Due
    after 5 years to 10 years   Due
    after 10 years   Total
R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)   R$   Average yield (%)
(In millions of R$, except
    percentages)
Held-for-trading financial assets,
    at fair value   3,206   31,000   118,050   42,284   10,108   204,648
Investment funds (1)   1,056   -   116   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   1,173   -
Government securities - domestic   -   12,948   101,012   41,398   9,991   165,349
Brazilian government securities   -   -   12,172   2.6   97,805   1.9   40,174   1.4   9,872   0.5   160,024   1.8
Brazilian external debt bonds   -   -   775   0.6   3,207   8.4   1,223   3.0   119   22.9   5,325   6.3
Government securities - abroad   -   2,121   -   1,271   -   269   -   74   -   3,735
Argentina   -   -   618   2.2   30   5.6   3   6.3   0   6.8   651   2.3
United States   -   -   78   0.1   -   -   -   -   -   -   78   0.1
Mexico   -   -   -   -   3   11.0   1   5.4   2   16.8   6   12.3
Chile   -   -   5   -   87   0.4   25   0.1   9   -   127   0.3
Paraguay   -   -   88   0.1   -   -   -   -   -   -   88   0.1
Uruguay   -   -   31   4.0   -   -   0   18.4   1   13.5   32   4.2
Colombia   -   -   1,247   1.6   1,123   2.1   240   4.4   60   3.9   2,669   2.1
Other   -   -   55   -   28   0.0   -   -   1   32.4   84   0.3
Corporate securities   2,491   15,473   -   15,767   -   617   -   43   -   34,391
Shares   2,491   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   2,491   0.0
Bank deposit certificates   -   -   1,806   1.4   18   0.1   -   -   -   -   1,824   1.4
Debentures   -   -   460   0.3   2,490   6.8   240   19.4   -   -   3,190   6.8
Eurobonds and other   -   -   299   1.9   241   2.9   79   2.5   43   1.1   662   2.3
Financial credit bills   -   -   12,907   0.8   12,978   2.5   7   -   -   -   25,893   1.6
Other   -   -   -   -   40   0.0   291   1.0   -   -   331   0.9
Financial assets designated
    at fair value through profit or loss - Government securities - domestic - Brazilian external debt bonds   -   1,191   -   -   -   1,191
Derivatives   -   14,111   6,940   3,180   24,231
Available-for-sale financial assets, at fair
    value   1,375   22,261   38,969   12,329   13,343   88,277
Investment funds (1)   42   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   42   -
Government securities - domestic   100   -   3,568   -   10,116   8,116   10,203   32,003   -
Brazilian government securities   -   -   1,708   11.5   6,686   5.6   3,668   13.5   5,876   17.0   17,938   11.5
Brazilian external debt bonds   -   -   1,860   2.8   3,429   8.9   4,448   11.2   4,328   34.2   14,065   16.5
Government securities - abroad   -   -   5,896   -   7,758   795   23   14,472
Argentina   -   -   0   76.5   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
United States   -   -   481   0.2   885   0.5   61   0.6   -   -   1,427   0.4
Denmark   -   -   819   0.5   -   -   -   -   -   -   819   0.5
Spain   -   -   682   1.8   241   0.2   -   -   -   -   923   1.4
Korea   -   -   2,024   1.2   649   1.0   -   -   -   -   2,673   1.1
Chile   -   -   692   0.4   4,851   0.4   278   0.4   23   0.5   5,844   0.4
Paraguay   -   -   853   4.2   258   2.8   -   -   -   -   1,111   3.9
Uruguay   -   -   235   6.6   119   0.5   56   0.8   1   0.9   411   4.0
Colombia   -   -   -   -   755   3.9   400   3.0   -   -   1,155   3.6
Netherlands   -   -   101   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   101   -
Other   -   -   8   0.4   -   -   0   -   -   -   8   0.4
Corporate securities   1,385   -   12,745   -   21,096   3,418   3,116   41,760
Shares   1,385   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   1,385   -
Securitized real estate loans   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   2,095   1.3   2,095   1.3
Bank deposit certificates   -   -   2,469   0.3   152   1.2   20   2.0   -   -   2,641   0.3
Debentures   -   -   1,960   10.5   15,152   4.0   3,218   3.5   840   4.3   21,170   4.6
Eurobonds and others   -   -   3,659   1.4   3,876   0.9   180   1.0   -   -   7,715   1.1
Promissory notes   -   -   1,731   6.8   442   1.1   -   -   -   -   2,173   5.6
Rural product note   -   -   476   0.4   801   0.2   -   -   148   0.0   1,425   0.2
Financial credit bills   -   -   2,383   22.1   433   5.6   -   -   -   -   2,816   19.5
Other   -   -   67   7.6   240   1.1   -   -   33   49.8   340   7.1
Held-to-maturity financial assets, at amortized
    cost   -   2,498   19,376   10,957   7,664   40,495
Government securities - domestic   -   -   1,115   -   16,355   4,599   2,911   24,979
Brazilian government securities   -   -   276   47.2   9,750   19.6   -   -   2,911   39.5   12,937   24.7
Brazilian external debt bonds   -   -   839   2.8   6,605   8.2   4,599   22.4   -   -   12,042   13.3
Government securities - abroad   -   -   526   -   -   -   13   539   -
Colombia   -   -   526   0.6   -   -   -   -   -   -   526   0.6
Uruguay   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   13   -   13   -
Corporate securities   -   -   858   -   3,021   6,358   4,740   14,977   -
Debentures   -   -   -   -   -   -   12   84.1   -   -   12   85.8
Eurobonds and others   -   -   -   -   -   -   18   0.1   -   -   18   0.1
Securitized real estate loans   -   -   399   21.6   3,020   8.8   6,328   2.1   4,740   0.3   14,487   3.4
Other   -   -   459   0.5   1   -   -   -   -   -   460   0.5

(1) Average yields are not shown for these securities, as such
yields are not meaningful because future yields are not quantifiable. These securities have been excluded from the calculation
of the total yield.

A-
127

Fair
    Value   Amortized
    cost
Distribution of our financial
    assets by currency   Held-for-trading financial assets   Financial
    assets designated at fair value   Derivatives   Available-for-sale financial assets   Held-to-maturity financial assets   Total
(In millions of R$)
As of December 31, 2016   204,648   1,191   24,231   88,277   40,495   358,842
Denominated in Brazilian currency   191,250   1,191   10,710   52,859   27,436   283,446
Denominated
    in Brazilian currency and indexed by foreign currency (1)   2,653   -   4,634   670   -   7,957
Denominated
    in foreign currency (1)   10,745   -   8,887   34,748   13,059   67,439
As of December 31, 2015   164,311   642   26,755   86,045   42,185   319,938
Denominated in Brazilian currency   154,737   505   7,445   51,621   27,378   241,686
Denominated
    in Brazilian currency and indexed by foreign currency (1)   3,043   -   10,044   791   -   13,878
Denominated
    in foreign currency (1)   6,531   137   9,266   33,633   14,807   64,374
As of December 31, 2014   132,944   733   14,156   78,360   34,434   260,627
Denominated in Brazilian currency   126,404   626   5,519   55,152   24,102   211,803
Denominated
    in Brazilian currency and indexed by foreign currency (1)   2,190   -   2,948   571   -   5,709
Denominated
    in foreign currency (1)   4,350   107   5,689   22,637   10,332   43,115

(1) Predominantly U.S. dollars.

For the purpose of analyzing the exposure
of variations in foreign exchange rates, the following table presents the composition of our derivative financial instruments on
December 31, 2016 in
reais
 and in foreign currency, including the instruments denominated in foreign currencies. For the
notional amount of derivative financial instruments, please refer to section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS),
Note 8 - Derivatives.

As of December 31, 2016
Derivative financial instruments (notional amounts)   Brazilian Currency   Denominated in or linked to Foreign Currency   Total
(In millions of R$)
Swap contracts
Buy (Sale) commitments, net   3,128   (7,574   )   (4,446   )
Forward contracts
Buy (Sale) commitments, net   (10,990   )   17,256   6,266
Future contracts
Buy (Sale) commitments, net   (225,845   )   (39,578   )   (265,423   )
Option contracts
Buy (Sale) commitments, net   22,927   4,152   27,079
Others
Buy (Sale) commitments, net   410   (624   )   (214   )

Exposure to GIIPS

Our gross exposure to the sovereign bonds
of GIIPS (Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain) countries, as well as to corporate clients and financial institutions domiciled
in those countries as of December 31, 2016, is set forth in the following table:

As of December 31, 2016
Segment   Credit   Co-obligation   Sovereign   Bond   Derivative   Total Exposure
(In millions of R$)
Italy
Corporate   106   -   -   -   -   106
Financial   -   3   -   -   -   3
Portugal
Corporate   111   -   -   -   -   111
Financial   -   -   -   -   -   -
Spain
Corporate   838   269   -   -   3   1,110
Financial   -   184   923   8   1,115
Total   1,055   456   923   -   11   2,445

The total gross exposure presented above,
primarily related to our exposure to corporate credits, amounted to R$1,055 million as of December 31, 2016, and with co-obligations
in the amount of R$456 million. The exposure presented above has been calculated based on our estimated realizable value, which
is updated depending on its nature (such as pledged amounts in current accounts used to collect customer receivables, financial
investments, real estate, machinery and equipment or others), except for guarantees provided by third parties, in which case the
amount corresponds to the outstanding debt. Our derivatives related to GIIPS countries amounted to R$11 million as of December
31, 2016.

A-
128

Required reserve deposits with the Central Bank

The Central Bank requires reserves for
deposits from Brazilian financial institutions. The reserve requirements are tools utilized by the Central Bank to control the
liquidity of the Brazilian financial system, for both monetary policy and risk mitigation purposes. These requirements are applied
to balances on demand deposits, saving account deposits and time deposits. See below the required reserve for each type of deposit:

Required reserve deposits   Regulation (1)   Yield   2016   2015   2014
Demand Deposits
Compulsory   Circular No. 3,632   Zero   45   %   45   %   45   %
Additional Compulsory   Circular No. 3,655   SELIC   0   %   0   %   0   %
Rural (2)   Resolution No. 4,096   Zero   34   %   34   %   34   %
Microcredit (2)   Resolution No. 4,000   Zero   2   %   2   %   2   %
Savings Accounts (3)
Compulsory   Circular No. 3,093   TR + 6.17% p.a.   24.5   %   24.5   %   20   %
Additional Compulsory   Circular No. 3,655   SELIC   5.5   %   5.5   %   10   %
Real estate financing (2)   Resolution No. 3,932   Zero   65   %   65   %   65   %
Time and Interbank Deposits Received from Leasing Companies
Compulsory   Circular No. 3,569   SELIC   25   %   25   %   20   %
Additional Compulsory   Circular No. 3,655   SELIC   11   %   11   %   11   %

(1)   Most recent regulation on the matter.

(2)   This is a compulsory investment of resources that is made in eligible transactions, that is, the
funds are granted to other economic entities.

(3)   Remuneration on funds in savings deposits:

For deposits made until March 5, 2012, inclusive: TR + 6.17%
per annum.

For deposits made after March 5, 2012: (a) If the target of
the Selic rate is higher than 8.5% per annum: TR + 6.17% per annum; (b) If the target of the Selic rate is lower than 8.5% per
annum: TR + 70% of the target of the Selic rate per annum.

In 2015, the Central Bank enacted a set
of rules changing the reserve requirements that Brazilian financial institutions are required to deposit with the Central Bank,
as a mechanism to control the liquidity of the Brazilian financial system.

The regulations that govern the compulsory
deposit rates are frequently changed by the Central Bank in accordance with the economic scenario and its monetary policy goals.

The compulsory reserve requirements imposed
on time deposits (currently applicable to us at the general rate of 25.0%), demand deposits (currently at the general rate of 45.0%),
and saving accounts (currently at the general rate of 24.5%, and 15.5% for rural savings deposits) represent almost the entirety
of the amount that must be deposited at the Central Bank. Nonetheless, the Central Bank also determines an additional reserve requirement
on deposits raised by full service banks, investment banks, commercial banks, development banks, finance, credit and investment
companies, real estate credit companies and savings and loan associations, based on specific criteria.

On December 31, 2016, we recorded an amount
of R$85,700 million in compulsory deposits in cash compared to R$66,556 million on December 31, 2015 and R$82,698 million in interest-bearing
deposits compared to R$62,766 million on December 2015, as indicated in the following table. Please refer to section Performance,
item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 5 – Central Bank Compulsory Deposits for further details.

2016   2015   2014
Required reserve deposits   R$   % of total required reserve deposits   R$   % of total required reserve deposits   R$   % of total required reserve deposits
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Non-interest bearing deposits (1)   3,002   3.5   3,790   5.7   3,392   5.4
Interest-bearing deposits (2)   82,698   96.5   62,766   94.3   59,714   94.6
Total   85,700   100.0   66,556   100.0   63,106   100.0

(1)   Mainly related to demand deposits.

(2)   Mainly related to time and savings deposits.

Loan and lease operations

Most of our loans are granted to clients
domiciled in Brazil and are denominated in Brazilian
reais
. Additionally, 47.1% of our credit portfolio consists of transactions
with fixed interest rates and 52.9% of transactions with variable interest rates.

Indexation

Most of our portfolio is denominated in
Brazilian
reais
. However, a portion of our portfolio is indexed to foreign currencies, primarily the U.S. dollar. The foreign
currency portion of our portfolio consists of loans and financing for foreign trade and onlending operations. Our loans abroad
represented 34.1%, 27.1% and 24.7% of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, see section Performance,
item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 36 – Management of financial risks – 5. Credit risk exposure.

A-
129

Loan and lease operations by type

The following table sets out the distribution of our credit
portfolio according to the type of loan and lease operations, as follows:

•   The Individuals portfolio consists primarily of credit cards, personal loans (primarily including
consumer finance and overdrafts), payroll loans, vehicle financing and residential mortgage loans;

•   The Corporate portfolio consists primarily of loans made to large corporate clients;

•   The Small and Medium Businesses portfolio consists primarily of loans to small and medium-sized
companies; and

•   The Foreign Loans – Latin America portfolio consists primarily of loans granted primarily
to individuals by our operations in Argentina, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay.

2016   2015   2014
Loan and Lease Operations, by type (1)   Loan   Allowance   Loan   Allowance   Loan   Allowance
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   183,147   14,259   187,220   14,717   185,953   13,385
Credit card   59,022   3,693   58,542   4,141   59,321   3,740
Personal loans   25,813   7,756   28,396   8,330   27,953   7,024
Payroll Loans   44,636   2,108   45,434   1,319   40,525   1,107
Vehicles   15,434   644   20,058   874   29,047   1,469
Mortgage loans   38,242   58   34,790   53   29,107   45
Corporate   121,754   5,862   152,527   6,459   147,002   3,114
Small and Medium Businesses   58,935   4,743   66,038   4,809   68,838   5,158
Foreign Loans Latin America   126,530   2,108   68,463   859   50,638   735
Total Loan operations and lease operations portfolio   490,366   26,972   474,248   26,844   452,431   22,392

(1) We classify all loans and leases more than 60 days overdue
as non-accrual loans and we discontinue accruing financial income related to them. The contractual amount of non-accrual loans
were R$19,942 million, R$19,458 million and R$16,514 million as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The total of
renegotiated loans in the balance of non-accrual loans reflected herein was R$4,225 million, R$3,417 million and R$3,346 million
as of December 31,2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Non-accrual loans are presented herein in the appropriate category of loan
and lease operations. The interest income foregone on our non-accrual loans net of allowance for loan losses for 2016, 2015 and
2014 was R$2,017 million, R$1,882 million and R$1,623 million, respectively.

Loan and lease operations by maturity

The following table sets out the distribution of our credit
portfolio by maturity, including non-overdue and overdue installments, according to the type of loan and lease:

A-
130

Non-Overdue
    Installments   12/31/2016
Type
    of loan and lease   Due
    in 30 days or less   Due
    in 31-90 days   Due
    in 91-180 days   Due
    in 181-360 days   Due
    in one year to five years   Due
    after five years   Total
    Non-Overdue Installments
(In
    millions of R$)
Individuals   29,843   22,919   16,934   18,401   55,700   30,254   174,051
Credit
    card   23,093   16,972   9,185   4,237   199   -   53,686
Personal
    loans   4,353   1,788   1,986   3,414   11,188   238   22,967
Payroll
    loans   1,388   2,551   3,571   6,552   28,279   1,854   44,195
Vehicles   705   1,236   1,693   3,113   8,290   20   15,057
Mortgage
    loans   304   372   499   1,085   7,744   28,142   38,146
Corporate   12,970   13,645   15,232   20,627   48,332   9,528   120,334
Small
    and Medium Businesses   10,388   11,661   6,619   9,566   17,952   292   56,478
Foreign
    Loans Latin America   14,144   14,743   11,903   13,641   40,798   27,431   122,660
Total (1)   67,345   62,968   50,688   62,235   162,782   67,505   473,523

(1) Includes R$9,085 million related to non-overdue installments
of the non-accrual loans.

Non-Overdue Installments   12/31/2015
Type of loan and lease   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non-Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   29,539   23,792   18,033   20,223   57,797   27,682   177,066
Credit card   21,997   16,998   9,193   4,174   161   -   52,523
Personal loans   4,924   2,115   2,314   4,060   11,766   164   25,343
Payroll loans   1,395   2,591   3,651   6,692   28,779   1,935   45,043
Vehicles   978   1,760   2,414   4,301   9,974   21   19,448
Mortgage loans   245   328   461   996   7,117   25,562   34,709
Corporate   16,696   17,094   16,745   22,944   63,454   13,711   150,644
Small and Medium Businesses   12,121   12,862   7,248   10,475   20,539   368   63,613
Foreign Loans Latin America   8,611   7,673   8,045   7,370   19,304   16,326   67,329
Total (1)   66,967   61,421   50,071   61,012   161,094   58,087   458,652

(1) Includes R$8,399 million related to non-overdue installments
of the non-accrual loans.

Non-Overdue Installments   12/31/2014
Type of loan and lease   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non-Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   29,985   25,941   20,510   23,392   54,906   22,651   177,385
Credit card   21,658   17,658   9,841   4,740   217   -   54,114
Personal loans   5,137   3,074   3,488   5,346   8,749   18   25,812
Payroll loans   1,259   2,328   3,290   6,082   25,614   1,744   40,317
Vehicles   1,482   2,516   3,496   6,348   14,267   1   28,110
Mortgage loans   449   365   395   876   6,059   20,888   29,032
Corporate   14,481   20,141   15,446   21,392   61,447   12,710   145,617
Small and Medium Businesses   9,934   15,147   7,993   11,577   21,563   364   66,578
Foreign Loans Latin America   7,494   5,703   5,394   5,388   14,055   11,743   49,777
Total (1)   61,894   66,932   49,343   61,749   151,971   47,468   439,357

(1) Includes R$7,533 million related
to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

A-
131

Overdue
    Installments (1)   12/31/2016
Type of loan and lease   01-30
    days   31-60
    days   61-90
    days   91-180
    days   181-360
    days   One
    year or more   Total
    overdue installments   Total
    gross loans   Allowance
    for loan losses   Total
    net
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   1,704   931   859   2,318   3,231   53   9,096   183,147   (14,259   )   168,888
Credit card   937   443   446   1,273   2,236   1   5,336   59,022   (3,693   )   55,329
Personal loans   514   352   319   846   800   15   2,846   25,813   (7,756   )   18,057
Payroll loans   71   53   48   116   123   30   441   44,636   (2,108   )   42,528
Vehicles   145   64   37   69   60   2   377   15,434   (644   )   14,790
Mortgage loans   37   19   9   14   12   5   96   38,242   (58   )   38,184
Corporate   484   238   201   161   315   21   1,420   121,754   (5,862   )   115,892
Small and Medium Businesses   481   301   223   619   799   34   2,457   58,935   (4,743   )   54,192
Foreign Loans Latin America   2,170   523   329   386   414   48   3,870   126,530   (2,108   )   124,422
Total (2)   4,839   1,993   1,612   3,484   4,759   156   16,843   490,366   (26,972   )   463,394

(1)
Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)
Includes R$10,857 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Overdue
    Installments (1)   12/31/2015
Type of loan and lease   01-30
    days   31-60
    days   61-90
    days   91-180
    days   181-360
    days   One
    year or more   Total
    overdue installments   Total
    gross loans   Allowance
    for loan losses   Total
    net
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   1,840   1,000   1,014   2,708   3,557   35   10,154   187,220   (14,717   )   172,503
Credit card   979   418   551   1,598   2,466   7   6,019   58,542   (4,141   )   54,401
Personal loans   540   406   347   876   875   9   3,053   28,396   (8,330   )   20,066
Payroll loans   72   51   44   103   105   16   391   45,434   (1,319   )   44,115
Vehicles   220   109   64   118   98   1   610   20,058   (874   )   19,184
Mortgage loans   29   16   8   13   13   2   81   34,790   (53   )   34,737
Corporate   825   130   125   560   238   5   1,883   152,527   (6,459   )   146,068
Small and Medium Businesses   557   314   267   623   647   17   2,425   66,038   (4,809   )   61,229
Foreign Loans Latin America   649   120   64   118   148   35   1,134   68,463   (859   )   67,604
Total (2)   3,871   1,564   1,470   4,009   4,590   92   15,596   474,248   (26,844   )   447,404

(1)
Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)
Includes R$11,059 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Overdue
    Installments (1)   12/31/2014
Type of loan and lease   01-30
    days   31-60
    days   61-90
    days   91-180
    days   181-360
    days   One
    year or more   Total
    overdue installments   Total
    gross loans   Allowance
    for loan losses   Total
    net
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   1,844   910   791   1,980   2,972   71   8,568   185,953   (13,385   )   172,568
Credit card   990   467   422   1,166   2,114   48   5,207   59,321   (3,740   )   55,581
Personal loans   433   240   243   574   645   6   2,141   27,953   (7,024   )   20,929
Payroll loans   56   30   24   50   42   6   208   40,525   (1,107   )   39,418
Vehicles   333   161   95   179   161   8   937   29,047   (1,469   )   27,578
Mortgage loans   32   12   7   11   10   3   75   29,107   (45   )   29,062
Corporate   697   51   99   261   274   3   1,385   147,002   (3,114   )   143,888
Small and Medium Businesses   488   249   243   559   681   40   2,260   68,838   (5,158   )   63,680
Foreign Loans Latin America   449   86   56   126   103   41   861   50,638   (735   )   49,903
Total (2)   3,478   1,296   1,189   2,926   4,030   155   13,074   452,431   (22,392   )   430,039

(1)
Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)
Includes R$8,981 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Loan and lease operations by interest rate

The following table sets out the classification of our credit portfolio
into fixed and variables rates, including non-overdue and overdue installments:

A-
132

12/31/2016
Non-Overdue Installments   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non- Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   21,082   28,062   22,294   28,525   90,341   64,232   254,536
Fixed rates   46,263   34,906   28,394   33,710   72,441   3,273   218,987
Total (1)   67,345   62,968   50,688   62,235   162,782   67,505   473,523

(1) Includes R$9,085 million related
to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2015
Non-Overdue Installments   Due in 30 days or
    less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non- Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   17,424   23,010   19,880   24,869   79,466   53,659   218,308
Fixed rates   49,543   38,411   30,191   36,143   81,628   4,428   240,344
Total (1)   66,967   61,421   50,071   61,012   161,094   58,087   458,652

(1) Includes R$8,399 million related
to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2014
Non-Overdue Installments   Due in 30 days or less   Due in 31-90 days   Due in 91-180 days   Due in 181-360 days   Due in one year to five years   Due after five years   Total Non- Overdue Installments
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   13,506   23,137   15,346   21,499   66,894   42,765   183,147
Fixed rates   48,388   43,795   33,997   40,250   85,077   4,703   256,210
Total (1)   61,894   66,932   49,343   61,749   151,971   47,468   439,357

(1) Includes R$7,533 million related
to non-overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2016
Overdue Installments (1)   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   2,513   795   512   506   686   76   5,088   259,624
Fixed rates   2,326   1,198   1,100   2,978   4,073   80   11,755   230,742
Total (2)   4,839   1,993   1,612   3,484   4,759   156   16,843   490,366

(1)
Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)
Includes R$10,857 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2015
Overdue Installments (1)   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   1,166   240   156   531   347   39   2,479   220,786
Fixed rates   2,705   1,324   1,314   3,478   4,243   53   13,117   253,462
Total (2)   3,871   1,564   1,470   4,009   4,590   92   15,596   474,248

(1)
Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)
Includes R$11,059 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

12/31/2014
Overdue Installments (1)   01-30 days   31-60 days   61-90 days   91-180 days   181-360 days   One year or more   Total overdue installments   Total gross loans
(In millions of R$)
Interest rate of loans to customers by maturity
Variable rates   972   146   164   375   324   44   2,025   185,172
Fixed rates   2,506   1,150   1,025   2,551   3,706   111   11,049   267,259
Total (2)   3,478   1,296   1,189   2,926   4,030   155   13,074   452,431

(1)
Defined as loans and leases contractually past due as to payment of interest or principal.

(2)
Includes R$8,981 million related to overdue installments of the non-accrual loans.

Loan and lease operations by economic activity

The following table sets out the composition of our credit portfolio,
including non-accrual loan operations, by economic activity of the borrower:

A-
133

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Economic Activities   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio   Loan portfolio   % of Loan portfolio
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Public sector   3,051   0.6   3,182   0.7   4,389   1.0
Industry and commerce   112,067   22.8   125,386   26.5   116,506   25.7
Services   118,102   24.1   104,226   22.0   99,855   22.1
Natural resources   24,362   5.0   25,306   5.3   23,345   5.2
Individuals   229,945   46.9   213,622   45.0   206,094   45.5
Other sectors   2,839   0.6   2,526   0.5   2,242   0.5
Total   490,366   100.0   474,248   100.0   452,431   100.0

On December 31, 2016, there was no concentration of loan and lease
operations exceeding 10% of the total portfolio that had not been disclosed in a category of loan and losses.

Loan and lease operations by concentration

The following table presents the composition of our credit portfolio
by concentration with respect to the amounts owed by the debtors:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Loan   % of Loan   Loan   % of Loan   Loan   % of Loan
Concentration   portfolio   portfolio   portfolio   portfolio   portfolio   portfolio
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Largest debtor   3,543   0.7   4,615   1.0   4,032   0.9
10 largest debtors   21,609   4.4   27,173   5.7   23,646   5.2
20 largest debtors   32,720   6.7   40,831   8.6   35,325   7.8
50 largest debtors   52,992   10.8   63,797   13.5   58,180   12.9
100 largest debtors   72,441   14.8   85,167   18.0   79,617   17.6

Rating of the loan and lease portfolio

The following table presents the rating of our loan and lease portfolio
based on the probability of default for the periods indicated below.

A-
134

12/31/2016
Internal Rating   Loans neither overdue nor impaired   Loans overdue not impaired (1)   Loans impaired   Total loans
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Lower Risk   363,954   5,543   -   369,497
Satisfactory   62,883   6,904   -   69,787
Higher Risk   13,767   6,998   -   20,765
Impaired (2)   -   -   30,317   30,317
Total   440,604   19,445   30,317   490,366
%   89.8   4.0   6.2   100.0

12/31/2015
Internal Rating   Loans neither overdue nor impaired   Loans overdue not impaired (1)   Loans impaired   Total loans
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Lower Risk   340,368   3,838   -   344,206
Satisfactory   76,940   6,489   -   83,429
Higher Risk   12,609   6,847   -   19,456
Impaired (2)   -   -   27,157   27,157
Total   429,917   17,174   27,157   474,248
%   90.7   3.6   5.7   100.0

12/31/2014
Internal Rating   Loans neither overdue nor impaired   Loans overdue not impaired (1)   Loans impaired   Total loans
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Lower Risk   324,908   4,042   -   328,950
Satisfactory   81,994   6,989   -   88,983
Higher Risk   11,439   5,853   -   17,292
Impaired (2)   -   -   17,206   17,206
Total   418,341   16,884   17,206   452,431
%   92.5   3.7   3.8   100.0

(1) The operations classified as Loans Overdue Not
Impaired are past due between 1 day and 90 days and the balance is the total of outstanding principal amount (Overdue and Non-Overdue).

(2) We consider loans as impaired when (i) corporate transactions
have a probability of default higher than 31.84%; (ii) transactions are overdue for more than 90 days; or (iii) renegotiated transactions
are overdue for more than 60 days.

The credit rating in corporate transactions
is based on information such as the economic and financial condition of the counterparty, its cash-generating capabilities, the
economic group to which it belongs, the current and prospective situation of the economic sector in which it operates, the collateral
offered and the use of proceeds. The credit proposals are analyzed on a case by case basis, through an approval-level mechanism
reporting to the Superior Credit Committee.

Regarding retail transactions (those
involving individuals, small and middle-market companies) the rating is assigned based on the corresponding loan application
and behavior score statistical models. Decisions are made based on scoring models that are continuously updated by an
independent unit. In limited instances, there may also be an individualized analysis of specific cases where approval is
subject to higher credit approval levels. The risk ratings are grouped in four categories: (i) lower risk, (ii) satisfactory,
(iii) higher risk and (iv) impaired. Please refer to section Performance, item Financial performance – Allowance for
loan and lease losses, for further details on the individual and collective analyses.

Non-accrual loans

We consider all loans overdue for 60 days or
more as non-accrual loans and, accordingly, cease the accrual of financial charges on such loans.

Write-offs

Loans and leases are written off against the
allowance for loan and lease losses when the loan is not collected or is considered permanently impaired. We typically write off
loans when they are overdue for 360 days, except for loans having an original maturity in excess of 36 months, which are written
off when they are overdue for 540 days. However, write-offs may be recognized earlier than 360 days if we conclude that the loan
is not recoverable.

Please refer to section Performance, item Assets – Loan and
lease operations – Renegotiated loans for further details.

Information on the quality of loans and leases

The following table shows our non-accrual loans together with certain
asset quality ratios.

A-
135

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2013   12/31/2012
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Non-accrual loans   19,942   19,458   16,514   18,065   20,791
Allowance for loan losses   26,972   26,844   22,392   22,235   25,713
Total loans and leases operations portfolio   490,366   474,248   452,431   411,702   366,984
Non-accrual loans as a percentage of total loans (%)   4.1   4.1   3.7   4.4   5.7
Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans (%)   5.5   5.7   4.9   5.4   7.0
Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans (%)   135.3   138.0   135.6   123.1   123.7

Assessment

We first assess whether there is objective
evidence of loss individually allocated to individually significant loans or collectively allocated to loans that are not individually
significant.

To determine the amount of the allowance for
individually significant loans with objective evidence of impairment, we use methodologies that consider both the client quality
and the nature of the financing, including its collateral, to estimate the cash flow expected from these loans.

If there is no objective evidence of loss for
an individually assessed loan, whether significant or not, the loan is included in a group of loans with similar credit risk characteristics
which are then collectively tested for impairment. Individually assessed loans for which an impairment loss is recognized are not
included in the collective assessment. The amount of loss is measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset
and the present value of the estimated future cash flows (excluding future loan losses that have not been incurred), discounted
at the financial asset’s effective interest rate.

For collectively assessed loans, the calculation
of the present value of the estimated future cash flows, for which collateral is received, reflects the historical performance
and recovery of the fair value, considering the cash flows that may arise from the performances less costs for obtaining and selling
that collateral.

For the purpose of collectively assessing impairment,
loans are aggregated based on similar credit risk characteristics. These characteristics are relevant to estimate the future cash
flows of these loans since they may be an indicator of the difficulty of the debtor in paying the amounts due, in accordance with
the contractual conditions of the loan that is being assessed. The future cash flows of a group of loans that are collectively
assessed in order to identify the need for recognizing an impairment are estimated based on the contractual cash flows of the group
of loans and the historical experience of loss for loans with similar credit risk characteristics. The historical loss experience
is adjusted, based on current observable data, to reflect the effects of current conditions that have not impacted the period on
which the historical loss experience is based and to exclude the effects of conditions in the historical period that are not currently
in place.

For individually significant loans with no
objective evidence of impairment, such loans are classified into certain credit ratings based on several qualitative and quantitative
factors applied to internally developed models. Considering the size and the different risk characteristics of each credit agreement,
the ratings determined under internal models may be reviewed and modified by our Credit Committee, the members of which are executives
and experts in corporate credit risk. We estimate the losses inherent in every rating, using the approach internally developed
to low-default portfolios, which uses our historical experience to design internal models that are used to estimate the probability
of default and the potential for recovery of non-performing loans.

To determine the amount of the allowance for
items that are not individually significant, loans are segregated into classes based on the underlying risks and the characteristics
of each group. The allowance for loan and lease losses is determined for each of these classes through a process that considers
the historical delinquency and the loan loss experience in prior years.

Allocation of the allowance for loan and lease losses

The following table presents the details, by
segment and class, as defined in the segmentation of our portfolio, of the allowance for loan and lease losses, of this allowance
as a percentage of the total loan and lease losses for the corresponding segment or class, and the percentage of the total loan
and leases in each segment and class in relation to the total loans and leases.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2013   12/31/2012
Allocated allowance   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans   Allocated allowance   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans   Allocated allowance   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans   Allocated allowance   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans   Allocated allowance   Allocated allowance as a % of total loans and leases   Loans category as a % of total loans
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Individuals   14,259   2.9   37.3   14,717   3.1   39.5   13,385   3.0   41.1   13,853   3.4   40.7   14,844   4.1   41.1
Credit card   3,693   0.8   12.0   4,141   0.9   12.4   3,740   0.8   13.1   2,952   0.7   12.9   2,863   0.8   11.0
Personal loans   7,756   1.6   5.3   8,330   1.7   6.0   7,024   1.6   6.2   6,488   1.6   6.5   6,841   1.9   7.3
Payroll loans   2,108   0.4   9.1   1,319   0.3   9.6   1,107   0.2   9.0   1,133   0.3   5.5   867   0.2   3.7
Vehicles   644   0.1   3.1   874   0.2   4.2   1,469   0.3   6.4   3,245   0.8   9.9   4,227   1.2   14.1
Mortgage loans   58   -   7.8   53   -   7.3   45   -   6.4   35   -   5.9   46   -   5.0
Corporate   5,862   1.2   24.8   6,459   1.4   32.2   3,114   0.7   32.5   2,006   0.5   31.6   1,594   0.4   29.6
Small and Medium Businesses   4,743   1.0   12.1   4,809   1.0   13.9   5,158   1.1   15.2   5,854   1.4   17.6   8,853   2.4   20.9
Foreign Loans Latin America   2,108   0.4   25.8   859   0.2   14.4   735   0.2   11.2   522   0.1   10.1   422   0.1   8.4
Total   26,972   5.5   100.0   26,844   5.7   100.0   22,392   4.9   100.0   22,235   5.4   100.0   25,713   7.0   100.0

A-
136

Renegotiated loans

Year Ended December 31,
2016   2015   2014   2013   2012
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Renegotiated loans (1)   16,398   14,932   11,572   12,880   14,519
Allowance for loan and lease losses   7,341   6,991   5,459   6,284   6,767
Allowance for loan and lease losses/renegotiated loans (%)   44.8   46.8   47.2   48.8   46.6

(1) Includes debt consolidation, deferment or any other
arrangement that modifies the periods or conditions, of operations originally overdue.

Renegotiated loans include both loans for which the
corresponding credit agreement’s original terms were amended (amendments) and new loans originated in order to settle
contracts or transactions with the same client (restructured loans), which were past due. Amendments and restructured loans
usually reflect changes in contract terms, rates or payment conditions. In almost all cases for loan products, renegotiated
loans require that at least one payment be made under the renegotiated terms in order for it to be removed from the
non-performing and non-accrual status. Renegotiated loans return to non-performing and non-accrual status when they reach 60
days past due under the renegotiated terms, which typically corresponds to the borrower missing two or more payments.

The fact that a loan or lease has been renegotiated
is also taken into consideration when determining the allowance for loan and lease losses after the renegotiation. The past performance
and the payment history of the client and the transaction, including the probability of another default for renegotiated transactions,
are considered in our risk models in order to determine the probability of default. This probability of default is generally higher
than the probability assigned to similar transactions that have never been renegotiated. Another factor considered in determining
the appropriate level of the allowance for loan and lease losses is the additional collateral to be offered by the debtor. The
resulting allowance levels are compatible with the risk profile of each transaction.

Our renegotiated loan portfolio
increased to 3.3% of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2016, compared to 3.1% as of December 31, 2015. At the end
of 2016, the ratio of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance for loan and lease losses was 44.8% compared to 46.8% as of
December 31, 2015. This portfolio increased in 2016 due to the deteriorating macroeconomic scenario, mainly in Brazil,
specifically in the corporate segment, and small and medium business segment as shown below in the table “Renegotiated
loan and lease operations” where a breakdown by segment is presented.

Our renegotiated loan portfolio increased to
3.1% of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2015, compared to 2.6% as of December 31, 2014. At the end of 2015, the ratio
of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance for loan and lease losses was 46.8% compared to 47.2% as of December 31, 2014. This
portfolio increased in 2015 due to the deteriorating macroeconomic scenario, mainly in Brazil, specifically in the corporate segment,
as shown below in the table “Renegotiated loan and lease operations” where a breakdown by segment is presented.

Our renegotiated loan portfolio decreased to
2.6% of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2014, compared to 3.1% as of December 31, 2013. At the end of 2014, the ratio
of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance for loan and lease losses was 47.2% compared to 48.8% as of December 31, 2013. Throughout
2014, the allowance for loan and lease losses followed the evolution of the "mix" of portfolio credit risk in the renegotiated
loan portfolio.

Our renegotiated loan portfolio decreased to
3.1% of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2013, compared to 4.0% as of December 31, 2012. At the end of 2013, the ratio
of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance for loan and lease losses was 48.8% compared to 46.6% as of December 31, 2012. Throughout
2013, the allowance for loan and lease losses followed the evolution of the "mix" of portfolio credit risk in the renegotiated
loan portfolio.

Our renegotiated loan portfolio increased to
4.0% of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2012.At the end of 2012, the ratio of the renegotiated portfolio to the allowance
for loan and lease losses was 46.6%. This ratio increased in 2012 mainly because of an increase in the renegotiated loans in default
to total renegotiated loans ratio.

Since 2013, we maintained our policy for the
recovery of overdue loans, including loans already written off as losses, and to reduce losses, we enhanced our collection and
recovery initiatives. However, we still require that at least one installment is paid to consider the renegotiation to be valid
and to treat it as a renegotiated agreement. We also adopted a policy of stricter selectivity in origination of loans, which led
to lower levels of delinquency and a decreased volume of renegotiated loans.

During 2012, the Brazilian economy experienced
an increase in the default levels for individuals, mainly with respect to vehicle financing and personal loan portfolios. As one
of the largest banks in Brazil, our loan portfolio was impacted by this increase in defaults. In order to increase the recovery
of overdue loans, including loans already written off as losses, and to reduce losses, we enhanced our collection and recovery
initiatives. However, we require that at least one installment is paid to consider the renegotiation to be valid and to treat it
as a renegotiated agreement.

The total amount of each type of renegotiated loan as of December
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is shown in the tables below.

A-
137

As of December 31, 2016
Type of Loan   Total Renegotiated Loans   Total Allowance for Loan Losses   Allowance for Loan Losses/ Renegotiated Loans (%)   Total Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (1)   Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (%)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Restructured Loans   14,405   6,740   46.8   3,930   27.3
Agreements   1,993   601   30.2   295   14.8
Total   16,398   7,341   44.8   4,225   25.8

(1) Our redefaulted renegotiated loans are renegotiated
transactions 60 days or more overdue.

As of December 31, 2015
Type of Loan   Total Renegotiated Loans   Total Allowance for Loan Losses   Allowance for Loan Losses/ Renegotiated Loans (%)   Total Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (1)   Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (%)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Restructured Loans   11,985   5,508   46.0   3,077   25.7
Agreements   2,947   1,483   50.3   340   11.5
Total   14,932   6,991   46.8   3,417   22.9

(1) Our redefaulted renegotiated loans are renegotiated
transactions 60 days or more overdue.

As of December 31, 2014
Type of Loan   Total Renegotiated Loans   Total Allowance for Loan Losses   Allowance for Loan Losses/ Renegotiated Loans (%)   Total Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (1)   Redefaulted Renegotiated Loans (%)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Restructured Loans   10,284   5,051   49.1   2,744   26.7
Agreements   1,288   408   31.7   602   46.7
Total   11,572   5,459   47.2   3,346   28.9

(1) Our redefaulted renegotiated loans are renegotiated
transactions 60 days or more overdue.

The tables below present an additional breakdown
of renegotiated loans by portfolio, in segments and types, based on the type of modification, as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014:

A-
138

As of December 31, 2016
Payment   Multiple   Multiple
Renegotiated loan and lease operations   extension (1)   concessions (2)   modifications (3)   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   138   2,470   5,209   7,817
Credit card   -   333   -   333
Personal loans   -   1,964   5,209   7,173
Payroll loans   -   173   -   173
Vehicles   68   -   -   68
Mortgage loans   70   -   -   70
Corporate   -   -   2,908   2,908
Small and medium businesses   34   2,102   2,201   4,337
Foreign loans - Latin America   188   1,148   -   1,336
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   360   5,720   10,318   16,398

(1) Represents loan and lease transactions
subject to an amendment of contractual terms relating exclusively to payment due dates.

(2) Represents multiple loan and lease
transactions which have been restructured, i.e., all such outstanding transactions are terminated and a single new
transaction consolidating the terminated loan and lease transactions is entered into.

(3) Represents individual loan and lease
transactions entered into with a customer that are renegotiated for an amendment of the original contractual terms, which may include
amendment of interest rates, discounts of outstanding amounts due and payment extensions.

As of December 31, 2015
Payment   Multiple   Multiple
Renegotiated loan and lease operations   extension (1)   concessions (2)   modifications (3)   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   213   2,457   5,123   7,793
Credit card   -   356   -   356
Personal loans   -   1,965   5,123   7,088
Payroll loans   -   136   -   136
Vehicles   163   -   -   163
Mortgage loans   50   -   -   50
Corporate   -   -   3,181   3,181
Small and medium businesses   53   2,348   1,357   3,758
Foreign loans - Latin America   -   200   -   200
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   266   5,005   9,661   14,932

(1)	Represents loan and lease transactions subject
to an amendment of contractual terms relating exclusively to payment due dates.

(2)	Represents multiple loan and lease transactions
which have been restructured, i.e., all such outstanding transactions are terminated and a single new transaction consolidating
the terminated loan and lease transactions is entered into.

(3)	Represents individual loan and lease
transactions entered into with a customer that are renegotiated for an amendment of the original contractual terms, which may include
amendment of interest rates, discounts of outstanding amounts due and payment extensions.

As of December 31, 2014
Payment   Multiple   Multiple
Renegotiated loan and lease operations   extension (1)   concessions (2)   modifications (3)   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   648   2,352   4,330   7,330
Credit card   -   403   -   403
Personal loans   -   1,906   4,330   6,236
Payroll loans   -   43   -   43
Vehicles   577   -   -   577
Mortgage loans   71   -   -   71
Corporate   -   -   871   871
Small and medium businesses   55   2,610   620   3,285
Foreign loans - Latin America   -   86   -   86
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   703   5,048   5,821   11,572

(1)	Represents loan and lease transactions
subject to an amendment of contractual terms relating exclusively to payment due dates.

(2)	Represents multiple loan and lease transactions
which have been restructured, i.e., all such outstanding transactions are terminated and a single new transaction consolidating
the terminated loan and lease transactions is entered into.

(3)	Represents individual loan and lease
transactions entered into with a customer that are renegotiated for an amendment of the original contractual terms, which may include
amendment of interest rates, discounts of outstanding amounts due and payment extensions.

A-
139

The following tables present an additional breakdown of renegotiated
loans and leases by segment and class, as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

As of December 31, 2016
Impaired   Non-impaired   Impaired non-   Non-impaired non-
Renegotiated loan and lease operations   performing   performing   performing   performing   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   -   4,162   2,162   1,493   7,817
Credit card   -   333   -   -   333
Personal loans   -   3,689   2,033   1,451   7,173
Payroll loans   -   104   55   14   173
Vehicles   -   32   29   7   68
Mortgage loans   -   4   45   21   70
Corporate   2,113   135   633   27   2,908
Small and medium businesses   -   2,064   1,293   980   4,337
Foreign loans - Latin America   22   733   292   289   1,336
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   2,135   7,094   4,380   2,789   16,398

As of December 31, 2015
Impaired   Non-impaired   Impaired non-   Non-impaired non-
Renegotiated loan and lease operations   performing   performing   performing   performing   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   -   4,133   2,118   1,542   7,793
Credit card   -   356   -   -   356
Personal loans   -   3,679   1,919   1,490   7,088
Payroll loans   -   83   28   25   136
Vehicles   -   13   135   15   163
Mortgage loans   -   2   36   12   50
Corporate   2,796   198   187   -   3,181
Small and medium businesses   -   1,666   1,207   885   3,758
Foreign loans - Latin America   -   95   69   36   200
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations (1)   2,796   6,092   3,581   2,463   14,932

As of December 31, 2014
Impaired   Non-impaired   Impaired non-   Non-impaired non-
Renegotiated loan and lease operations   performing   performing   performing   performing   Total
(In millions of R$)
Individuals   -   3,922   2,019   1,389   7,330
Credit card   -   403   -   -   403
Personal loans   -   3,445   1,486   1,305   6,236
Payroll loans   -   23   17   3   43
Vehicles   -   37   478   62   577
Mortgage loans   -   14   38   19   71
Corporate   236   408   227   -   871
Small and medium businesses   -   1,406   1,116   763   3,285
Foreign loans - Latin America   -   55   12   19   86
Total renegotiated loan and lease operations   236   5,791   3,374   2,171   11,572

(1) Our renegotiated loan and lease operations increased in 2015
due to the worsening macroeconomic scenario, mainly in Brazil, specifically in the segment corporate.

The following table presents the changes in
our loan and lease portfolio with loss event, including the changes of the renegotiated loans and leases with loss event related
to each year as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

Impaired loans   2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$)
Balance at the beginning of the period   27,157   17,206   16,305
(+) Loan operations added   21,075   21,701   12,521
(+) Loan operations added due to redefault   5,188   4,587   3,915
(-) Loans removed due to write-off   (10,737   )   (9,474   )   (10,006   )
(-) Loans removed due to renegotiation (including amendments)   (1,453   )   (1,160   )   (1,024   )
(-) Loans removed due to total or partial pay-off   (10,913   )   (5,703   )   (4,505   )
Balance at the end of the period   30,317   27,157   17,206

Please refer to section Performance, item Complete
Financial Statements in IFRS Note 12 – Loan operations and lease operations portfolio for further details.

A-
140

Cross border outstanding

Cross border outstanding are monetary assets
which are denominated in non-local currency and exceeded 1% of our total assets in the case of transactions with foreign clients
entered into by our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom (our former subsidiary in Portugal), the Cayman Islands, the Bahamas and
Chile. The aggregate cross border outstanding breakdown of these subsidiaries for the periods indicated below is as follows:

Cross border outstanding   12/31/2016   %   12/31/2015   %   12/31/2014   %
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Cash and deposits on demand   41,234   3.1   52,649   4.1   4,187   0.4
Interbank deposits   97,934   7.2   139,190   10.9   64,491   5.7
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   22,267   1.6   20,187   1.6   24,606   2.2
Central Bank compulsory deposits   266   0.0   2,891   0.2   3   0.0
Financial assets held for trading   12,121   0.9   6,995   0.5   5,978   0.5
Derivatives   10,153   0.8   15,409   1.2   9,321   0.8
Available for sale financial assets   47,002   3.5   69,331   5.4   39,850   3.5
Financial assets held to maturity   12,595   0.9   15,446   1.2   10,767   1.0
Loan and lease operations   59,667   4.4   70,010   5.5   97,740   8.7
Total outstanding   303,239   22.4   392,108   30.7   256,943   22.8

Short-term borrowings

Short-term borrowings are included in our
balance sheet under the “Securities sold under repurchase agreement” line item. The main category for short-term borrowings
is “Deposits Received under Securities Repurchase Agreements with Own and Third-Party Financial Assets”. The following
table shows our short-term borrowings as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

As of December 31,
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Amount outstanding   349,164   336,643   288,683
Maximum amount outstanding during the period   358,781   336,643   288,683
Weighted average interest rate at period-end (%)   12.1   11.7   10.2
Average amount outstanding during period   339,416   297,509   266,527
Weighted average interest rate (%)   11.9   12.3   11.1

Liabilities

Funding

Main sources

Our current funding strategy is to continue
to use all of our sources of funds in accordance with their costs and availability and our general asset and liability management
strategy. In order to fund our operations, we intensified the use of the liquidity generated by savings deposits, interbank deposits,
debt in the interbank market and debt in the institutional market during 2016, 2015 and 2014.

We also used Brazilian debentures subject to
repurchase as a source of funding, reported as deposits received under securities repurchase agreements and offered to institutional
clients as well as private banking, corporate banking and retail clients. This funding is designed to provide increased profitability
through higher spreads in our savings deposits and higher fees earned on market funds.

Our ability to obtain funding depends on several
factors, including credit ratings, general economic conditions and investors’ perception of emerging markets in general and
of Brazil (particularly, current political and economic conditions in Brazil and government regulations for foreign currency funding).

Part of our long-term debt provides for the
advance payment of the outstanding principal balance upon the occurrence of certain facts, as is customary for long-term financing
agreements. As of December 31, 2016, none of these events, including default events and non-compliance with any financial covenant,
had occurred, and we have no reason to believe that any of these events are likely to occur in 2017.

Our main sources of funding are our deposits,
which are split into demand deposits, savings deposits, time deposits and interbank deposits. As of December 31, 2016, total deposits
were R$329,414 million, which represented 36.3% of total funding. As of December 31, 2015, total deposits amounted to R$292,610
million, representing 33.2% of total funding. As of December 31, 2014, total deposits amounted to R$294,773 million, representing
37.8% of our total funding. Our time deposits represent one of our

A-
141

major sources of funding which, as of December 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014 accounted for 17.2%, 12.0% and 13.9% of total funding, respectively.

The following table shows the breakdown of our main sources of funds
as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

% of total   % of total   % of total
Breakdown of the main sources of funds   2016   funding   2015   funding   2014   funding
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Deposits   329,414   36.3   292,610   33.2   294,773   37.8
Demand deposits   61,133   6.7   61,092   6.9   48,733   6.3
Savings deposits   108,250   12.0   111,319   12.6   118,449   15.1
Time deposits   156,274   17.2   105,250   12.0   108,466   13.9
Interbank deposits   3,757   0.4   14,949   1.7   19,125   2.5
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   349,164   38.2   336,643   38.3   288,683   37.0
Interbank market debt   135,483   14.9   156,886   17.8   122,586   15.8
Mortgage notes   -   -   139   -   143   -
Real estate credit bills   19,179   2.1   14,452   1.6   10,832   1.4
Agribusiness credit bills   15,442   1.7   13,775   1.6   7,811   1.0
Financial credit bills   19,566   2.2   18,496   2.1   10,645   1.4
Import and export Financing   45,633   5.0   65,566   7.5   43,381   5.6
Onlending-domestic   29,828   3.3   38,804   4.4   45,230   5.8
Liabilities from transactions related to credit assignments   5,835   0.6   5,654   0.6   4,544   0.6
Institutional market debt   96,239   10.6   93,918   10.7   73,242   9.4
Subordinated debt   57,420   6.3   65,785   7.5   55,617   7.1
Foreign borrowings through securities   33,583   3.7   24,188   2.7   15,392   2.0
Structured Operations Certificates   5,236   0.6   3,945   0.4   2,233   0.3
Total   910,300   100.0   880,057   100.0   779,284   100.0

Deposits by maturity

The following table shows the maturity profile of our deposits as
of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

2016
Deposits by maturity   0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   Over 365 days   Total
(In millions of R$)
Non-interest bearing deposits   61,133   -   -   -   61,133
Demand deposits   61,133   -   -   -   61,133
Interest bearing deposits   139,982   30,166   17,734   80,399   268,281
Savings deposits   108,250   -   -   -   108,250
Time deposits   30,555   28,248   17,109   80,362   156,274
Interbanks Deposits   1,177   1,918   625   37   3,757
Total   201,115   30,166   17,734   80,399   329,414

2015
Deposits by maturity   0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   Over 365 days   Total
(In millions of R$)
Non-interest bearing deposits   61,092   -   -   -   61,092
Demand deposits   61,092   -   -   -   61,092
Interest bearing deposits   129,260   27,979   14,288   59,991   231,518
Savings deposits   111,319   -   -   -   111,319
Time deposits   13,466   19,252   13,276   59,256   105,250
Interbanks Deposits   4,475   8,727   1,012   735   14,949
Total   190,352   27,979   14,288   59,991   292,610

2014
Deposits by maturity   0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   Over 365 days   Total
(In millions of R$)
Non-interest bearing deposits   48,733   -   -   -   48,733
Demand deposits   48,733   -   -   -   48,733
Interest bearing deposits   134,841   36,829   8,537   65,833   246,040
Savings deposits   118,449   -   -   -   118,449
Time deposits   11,705   23,656   7,775   65,330   108,466
Interbanks Deposits   4,687   13,173   762   503   19,125
Total   183,574   36,829   8,537   65,833   294,773

A-
142

The following table sets forth the maturity of outstanding
time deposits with balances in excess of US$100,000 (or its equivalent) issued by us as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$)
Maturity within three months   30,560   26,545   32,549
Maturity after three months to six months   11,124   10,512   13,782
Maturity after six months to twelve months   12,509   8,925   6,097
Maturity after twelve months   35,167   17,443   34,251
Total time deposits in excess of US$100,000   89,360   63,425   86,679

The following table sets forth the mix of the
individual and corporate time deposits divided among our retail, Itaú Personnalité, middle market and corporate markets
(each expressed as a percentage of total time deposits) as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

2016   2015   2014
(%)
Retail   8.1   8.3   3.4
Itaú Personnalité   14.3   17.3   19.4
Middle market   39.7   28.5   26.2
Corporate   32.5   44.2   35.6
Institutional   5.4   1.7   15.5
Total   100.0   100.0   100.0

Other sources

We also act as a financial agent in borrowing
funds from BNDES and FINAME, and lending such funds at a spread determined by the Brazilian government to targeted sectors of the
economy. We obtain U.S. dollar-denominated lines of credit from our affiliates, including Itaú Unibanco Holding –
Grand Cayman branch, Banco Itaú Chile and Itaú BBA S.A. – Nassau branch to provide trade finance funding for
Brazilian companies. For further details on Lending domestic and import and export financing, please refer to section Performance,
item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 19 – Securities Sold under Repurchase Agreements and Interbank and Institutional
Market Debts.

Litigation

Overview

We are not defendants in any significant administrative
proceeding before CVM, SUSEP, the Central Bank or any municipalities. As part of the ordinary course of our business, we are subject
to, and we are party to various legal and administrative proceedings (including consumer complaints) filed against us with SUSEP,
certain municipalities or the Central Bank.

Our complete financial statements only include
reserves for probable losses that can be reasonably estimated and expenses that we may incur in connection with pending litigation
or administrative proceedings, or as otherwise required by Brazilian law. Our management believes that our provisions, including
interest, for legal proceedings in which we are defendants are sufficient to cover probable losses that can be reasonably estimated
in the event of unfavorable court decisions. It is currently not possible to estimate the amount of all potential costs that we
may incur or penalties that may be imposed on us other than those amounts for which we have reserves. We believe that any potential
liabilities related to these lawsuits and administrative proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results. There are no material proceedings in which any of our directors, any member of our senior management or any
of our affiliates is either a party adverse to us or to our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to us or our subsidiaries.

Please refer to section Performance, item Complete
Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 32 – Provisions, Contingencies and Other Commitments, for further information and details
about the changes in the provisions and respective escrow deposits for tax and social security lawsuits and main types of tax disputes.
The following table sets forth our provisions for such contingencies as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014

Provision   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
(In millions of R$)
Civil   5,172   5,227   4,643
Labor   7,232   6,132   5,598
Tax and social security   8,246   7,500   6,627
Other   259   135   159
Total   20,909   18,994   17,027

No class actions alleging unfair competition, trust
or monopoly practices were brought against us in 2016.

A-
143

Civil litigation

Litigation arising from government monetary stabilization
plans

We are a defendant in lawsuits for the
collection of understated inflation adjustment for savings resulting from the economic plans implemented in the 1980s and 1990s
by the Brazilian Federal Government as a measure to combat inflation. Please refer to section Our risk management, item Risk factors,
Legal and regulatory risks, Decision on lawsuits due to government monetary stabilization plans may have a material adverse effect
on us, for further information.

Other civil litigation

In addition to litigation arising from
government monetary stabilization plans, we are defendants in numerous civil lawsuits arising from the normal course of our business.
We are not able to currently predict the total amounts involved in these claims, due to the nature of the matters disputed. However,
we believe that any potential liabilities related to these lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
or results.

Labor litigation

In 2016, we and our subsidiaries were not
exposed to any labor liabilities or labor contingencies which individually significantly impacted our results. The pool of labor
claims for our subsidiaries in such period comprises labor claims filed by employees, former employees and outsourced service providers.

Labor unions and former employees have
filed labor claims against us, seeking compensation for alleged breaches of employment agreements or rights under the applicable
labor laws. As of December 31, 2016, there were 68,386 labor claims filed against us.

The main requests in the labor claims filed by our current and
former employees include:

•   salary differences arising from the application of the 30 working hours per week limit, provided
for in art. 224 of the Brazilian Labor Laws Consolidation (CLT), which is applicable to bank employees whose function does not
require special trust from the employer;

•   salary differences arising from overtime not duly registered in the internal systems;

•   claims with respect to the method to establish the overtime work pay; and

•   salary parity.

Labor class actions filed against us mainly
relate to the continuation of health care plans, safety rules and strikes. We are also defendants in connection with labor claims
filed by the labor prosecution office regarding union classification, outsourcing, occupational diseases, health and safety and
compliance with the minimum quotas for disabled personnel. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, we paid approximately R$
2,453 million in direct labor expenses, mainly in settlements and convictions involving former employees, in accordance to the
agreements signed and to the rulings imposed by labor courts. Regarding labor claims filed by outsourced service providers, they
generally involve allegations of subsidiary liability of the companies within our group.

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 32 – Provisions, Contingencies and Other Commitments, for further information
about labor claims.

Tax litigation

We have certain tax disputes that arise
from our ordinary business activities, mainly relating to the constitutionality or legality of certain taxes imposed on us.

We classify as legal liability tax due
when we discuss the legality and / or unconstitutionality of the legislation in force. Legal liability taxes are provisioned regardless
of the likelihood of loss.

Tax contingencies correspond to the principal
amount of taxes involved in tax, administrative or judicial challenges, subject to tax assessment notices, plus interest and, when
applicable, fines and charges. A provision is recognized whenever the chance of prevailing is less likely than not.

We took advantage of a program (
Programa
de Pagamento ou Parcelamento de Tributos Municipais
), established by Laws: (Law No. 5,854, of April 27, 2015) Rio de Janeiro;
(Law No. 8,927, of October 22, 2015 and Decree No. 26,624 of October 26, 2015) Salvador; (Law No. 18,181, of November 30, 2015 and
Decree No. 29,275 of November 30, 2015) Recife; (Supplementary Law No. 95, of October 19, 2015) Curitiba for the payment of municipal
tax debts with certain discounts as to penalties and interest. We settled the contested tax liabilities in question in cases with
respect to which we had the lowest chances of success, according to our tax advisors.

On June 25, 2013, we received a notice
of deficiency from the Brazilian tax authorities alleging that we failed to pay approximately R$11,844.7 million of IRPJ, plus
accrued penalties and interest, and approximately R$6,867.0 million of CSLL, plus accrued penalties and interest, in fiscal year
2008, as a result of the corporate transaction that led to the association of Itaú Holding and Unibanco Holdings S.A. The
Brazilian tax authorities allege that corporate transactions of a different kind should

A-
144

have been used. However, the
transaction suggested by the Brazilian tax authorities is not supported in the rules applicable to financial institutions. On
January 30, 2014, we were advised that the Brazilian tax authorities confirmed the notifications in a non-unanimous ruling.
On February 28, 2014 we appealed the decision at the Administrative Tax Appeals Tribunal. We continue to defend that the
transactions conducted were appropriate and legitimate, having been approved by the involved companies’ management
bodies and their respective stockholders, and subsequently sanctioned as well by the relevant regulatory authorities,
including CVM, the Central Bank and CADE. We and our external counsel assess the risk of loss in this tax proceeding as
remote. On April 10, 2017, the Administrative Board of Tax Appeals (CARF), by the Ordinary Instance, rendered a favorable
decision to the Company, canceling the tax assessment notice. Currently, we are awaiting the formalization of the
judgment.

Additionally, relating to the same transaction
on November 14, 2013, we received a notice of tax assessment issued on behalf of Itaú Unibanco S.A., charging R$1,439.9
million of Income Tax (IRPJ) and R$502.56 million of (CSLL), plus accrued penalties and interest. We also assess the chances in
prevailing in this litigation as more likely than not. We filed a voluntary appeal that was dismissed by CARF. Currently, the proceeding
is pending judgment of the special appeal filed by the company with the Superior Administrative Court of Federal Tax Appeals (CSRF).

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 32 – Provisions, Contingencies and Other Commitments, for further details about
the changes in the provisions and respective escrow deposits for tax and social security lawsuits and main types of tax disputes.

Derivative instruments that qualify for hedge accounting

Hedging transactions may be classified
into three categories: hedge of fair value, cash flows and net investment of foreign operations.

•   Fair value hedge: is aimed at protecting us against changes in market risk due to changes in the
fair value of interest subject to variable rates.

•   Cash flow hedge: is aimed at protecting us against future cash flows of payments of interest.

•   Hedge of net investment of foreign operations: it is aimed at protecting us against changes in
future cash flows of foreign exchange variations in net investments of foreign operations.

Please refer to section Our risk management
item Risk and capital management, Market risk for further details about hedge. Please refer to section Performance, item Complete
Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 9 – Hedge Accounting, for further details. With respect to the hedge accounting policy,
please refer to section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 2.4 d V – Summary of Main Accounting
Practices.

Tabular disclosure of contractual obligations

The following table summarizes the maturity
profile of our consolidated long-term debt, operating leases and other contractual commitments as of December 31, 2016:

Payments due by period
Contractual Obligations   Total   Less than 1 year   1-3 years   3-5 years   More than 5 years
(In millions of R$)
Interbank market debt (1)(3)   152,081   81,103   38,982   18,136   13,860
Institutional market debt (2)(3)   114,423   22,795   33,125   20,417   38,086
Time Deposits (3)   192,387   72,266   22,488   34,763   62,870
Operating and capital (finance) lease obligations   6,764   1,362   3,272   1,417   713
Endorsements and sureties   70,793   17,848   7,157   2,818   42,970
Letters of credit to be released   6,660   6,660   -   -   -
Pension Obligations   517   50   100   102   265
Health Benefits   221   15   32   37   137
Total   543,846   202,099   105,156   77,690   158,901

(1)   Includes mortgage notes, real estate credit bills, agribusiness credit bills, financial credit
bills, import and export financing and on-lending - domestic.

(2)   Includes subordinated debt, debentures and foreign borrowings through securities.

(3)   Includes total estimated interest payments (including for derivatives). These estimated interest
payments were calculated substantially based on the interbank forward rates at the specific periods.

Purchases of shares by the issuer and affiliated purchasers

In conformity with best corporate governance
practices, on November 18, 2004, we started to voluntarily disclose our Policy for Trading Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. Securities.
Please refer to www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/RI/pdf/TreasuryStock.pdf for further details. We disclose to the market the
transactions carried out with our own shares by our Treasury through an “Announcement to the Market” on a monthly basis,
as well as the other disclosure requirements imposed by the Brazilian securities regulation.

The repurchase program initially effective
in 2016 was approved by our Board of Directors on August 27, 2015 with limits of 50.0 million preferred shares and 10.0 million
common shares.

On February 1, 2016, our Board of Directors
approved the renewal of our share repurchase program through August 2, 2017, authorizing the purchase, in the aggregate with respect
to all shares purchased under the program, of up to 10.0 million

A-
145

common shares and 50.0 million preferred shares issued by us,
without reducing our capital stock. The share acquisition process has the following potential objectives: (i) to maximize the allocation
of capital through the efficient application of available funds; (ii) to provide for the delivery of shares to the employees and
management of the Company and those of its subsidiaries within the scope of the compensation models and the long-term incentive
plans; and (iii) to use the acquired shares in the event of business opportunities arising in the future. All purchases shall be
open market purchases made through stock exchanges.

Period (1)   (a)
    Total number of preferred shares
    purchased (2)   (b)
    Average price paid per preferred
    share (2)(3)   (c)
    Total number of preferred shares
    purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (2)   (d)
    Maximum number of preferred
    shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs
01/02
    to 01/29/2016   7,990,000   25.06   49,980,000   20,000
02/01 to 02/29/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
03/01 to 03/31/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
04/01 to 04/29/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
05/02 to 05/31/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
06/01 to 06/30/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
07/01 to 07/29/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
08/01 to 08/31/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
09/01 to 09/30/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
10/03 to 10/31/2016   -   -   -   50,000,000
11/01 to 11/30/2016   1,000,000   35.71   1,000,000   49,000,000
12/01 to 12/30/2016   21,650,000   32.86   22,650,000   27,350,000
01/02 to 01/31/2017   6,350,000   35.21   29,000,000   21,000,000
02/01 to 02/28/2017   -   -   29,000,000   21,000,000
03/01 to 03/31/2017   1,626,000   38.26   30,626,000   19,374,000

(1)   On August 27, 2015 our Board of Directors approved the purchase of up to 11,000,000 common shares
and 50,000,000 preferred shares, ending on August 26, 2016, on February 1, 2016 our Board of Directors approved the renewal of
our share repurchase program through August 2, 2017, authorizing the purchase, in the aggregate with respect to all shares purchased
under the program, of up to 10.0 million common shares and 50.0 million preferred shares

(2)   All amounts were not adjusted at the 10% bonus for our shares. Considering the 10% bonus for our
shares, occurred in October 2016, we acquired (a) 31.4 million preferred shares of our own issue, in the total amount of R$947.4
million, at the average price of R$30.13 per share.

(3)   Includes brokerage costs.

Capital expenditures

In accordance with our practice in the
last few years, our capital expenditures in the 12-month period ended December 31, 2016 were funded with internal resources. We
cannot provide assurance that we will make capital expenditures in the future and, if made, that the amounts will correspond to
the current estimates. The following table show our capital expenditures as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

For
    the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Capital Expenditures   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except
    percentages)
Fixed Assets   1,430   1,466   3,966   (36   )   (2.5   )%   (2,500   )   (63.0   )%
Fixed assets under construction   341   198   1,485   143   72.2   %   (1,287   )   (86.7   )%
Land and buildings   127   6   14   121   2016.7   %   (8   )   (57.1   )%
Leasehold improvements   137   139   169   (2   )   (1.4   )%   (30   )   (17.8   )%
Furniture and data processing equipment   602   1,040   2,236   (438   )   (42.1   )%   (1,196   )   (53.5   )%
Other   223   83   62   140   168.7   %   21   33.9   %
Intangible Assets   2,846   1,062   1,199   1,784   168.0   %   (137   )   (11.4   )%
Acquisition of rights to credit payroll   342   109   109   233   213.8   %   -   0.0   %
Association for the promotion and offer of financial
    products and services   719   39   36   680   1743.6   %   3   8.3   %
Software developed or obtained for internal
    use   1,508   899   1,044   609   67.7   %   (145   )   (13.9   )%
Other intangibles   277   15   10   262   1746.7   %   5   50.0   %
Total   4,276   2,528   5,165   1,748   69.1   %   (2,637   )   (51.1   )%

Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements (IFRS), Note 15 – Fixed Assets and Note 16 – Intangible Assets for further details.

A-
146

Fixed assets property, plant and equipment

As of December 31, 2016, we own and rent
our principal administrative offices, which included 20 office buildings in 10 different addresses, having a total area of 445,707
square meters, located primarily in São Paulo, Brazil. These offices include our head office, and a number of other administrative
buildings, where administrative functions are performed, such as commercial department, back offices, wholesale and investment
bank activities, and also our data processing center.

In July 2016, we successfully completed
the migration of all of Itaú Unibanco’s business processing and operation to the new datacenter in the city of Mogi
Mirim. This move marks the end of the enormous investment made in and detailed implementation planning of the new technological
center, which will allow for the sustainability of the business over the coming decades, as well as for innovation, competitiveness
and, more importantly, the opportunity to digitalize our business and internal departments, thus creating a new experience for
our employees and clients.

We also lease a portion of our administrative
offices and the majority of our branches at competitive market prices from third parties and under renewable leases with terms
ending from the first half of 2017 (which are in the process of being renewed under similar terms) to the fourth quarter of 2036.

As of December 31, 2016, we owned approximately
25% of our administrative offices and branches (including electronic service points, banking sites and parking lots) and leased
approximately 75%.

Capitalization

The following table presents our capitalization
as of December 31, 2016. The information described is derived from our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2016. As of the date of this Consolidated Annual Report, there has been no material change in our capitalization
since December 31, 2016.

You should read the following table in
conjunction with the information included in section Our profile, item In numbers, Selected Financial Data – IFRS, section
Performance and section Attachments, item Selected Statistical Information for further details.

A-
147

As of December 31, 2016
Capitalization   R$   US$ (1)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Current liabilities
Deposits   249,015   76,406
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   234,569   71,974
Financial liabilities held for trading   134   41
Derivatives   10,810   3,317
Interbank market debt   75,352   23,120
Institutional market debt   19,053   5,846
Other financial liabilities   71,798   22,030
Reserves for insurance and private pension   1,450   445
Liabilities for capitalization plans   3,147   966
Provisions   4,434   1,360
Tax liabilities   1,741   534
Other liabilities   25,968   7,968
Total   697,471   214,007
Long-term liabilities
Deposits   80,399   24,669
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   114,595   35,162
Financial liabilities held for trading   385   118
Derivatives   13,888   4,261
Interbank market debt   60,131   18,450
Institutional market debt   77,186   23,683
Other financial liabilities   34   10
Reserves for insurance and private pension   152,626   46,831
Provisions   16,475   5,055
Tax liabilities   3,452   1,059
Other liabilities   1,142   350
Total   520,313   159,648
Income tax and social contribution - deferred   643   197
Non-controlling interests   12,232   3,753
Stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company (2)   122,582   37,612
Total capitalization (3)   1,353,241   415,217
BIS ratio (4)   19.1   %

(1)   Convenience translation at 3.2591 reais per
U.S. dollar, the exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2016.

(2)   Itaú Unibanco Holding’s authorized and outstanding share capital consists of 3,351,744,217 common shares and 3,230,563,326
preferred shares, all of which are fully paid. For more information regarding our share capital see Note 21 to our consolidated
financial statements as of and for the period ended December 31, 2016.

(3)   Total capitalization corresponds to the sum of total current liabilities, long-term liabilities, deferred income, minority
interest in subsidiaries and stockholders’ equity.

(4)   Calculated by dividing total regulatory capital by risk weight assets.

Off-balance sheet arrangements

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements,
other than the guarantees we granted that are described in Note 36 – Management of Financial Risks, item 3 – Collateral
and policies for mitigating credit risk and item 5 – Credit risk exposure of our consolidated financial statements and derivative
financial instruments discussed above. Please refer to section Our Risk Management, item Risk and Capital Management, Exchange
Rate Sensitivity for further details.

A-
148

Results

Highlights

The highlights for the years ended December 31, 2016, December
31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 are presented below:

Net income
(attributable to the
owners of the parent company): decreased 9.6% in 2016 compared to 2015 and increased

19.4% in 2015 compared to 2014.

For 2016, our net income attributable to
the owners of the parent company was R$23,263 million and decreased by 9.6% compared to 2015, when our net income was R$25,740
million. For the year ended December 31, 2015, our net income attributable to the owners of the parent company increased by 19.4%
compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, when our net income attributable to the owners of the parent company was R$21,555
million.

Our performance ratio, ROAE (return on
average equity), calculated by dividing net income attributable to owners of the parent company by the quarterly average stockholders’
equity attributed to the owners of the parent company excluding quarterly average proposed dividends recorded, was 20.1% in 2016,
a decrease of 470 basis points compared to 2015 when our performance ratio was 24.8%, an increase of 50 basis points compared to
2014 when our ROAE was 24.3%.

Stockholders’ equity
(attributable
to the owners of the parent company): increased by 9.2% as of December 31, 2016

compared to December 31, 2015 and increased
by 13.1% in 2015 compared to 2014.

As of December 31, 2016 our Stockholders’
equity attributed to the owners of the parent company increased by 9.2% compared to December 31, 2015, and reached R$122,582 million.
As of December 31, 2015, our stockholders’ equity amounted to R$112,252 million. As of December 31, 2015 our stockholders’
equity grew 13.1% compared to stockholder equity as of December 31, 2014, which was R$99,260 million.

Loan and lease portfolio:
increased
by 3.4% as of December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 and increased by

4.8% as of December 31, 2015 compared to
December 31, 2014.

Loans and lease to individuals:

As of December 31, 2016 loans and lease
to individuals totaled R$183,147 million, a decrease of 2.2% compared to December 31, 2015. The decrease primarily is a result
of the decrease of 23.1% in vehicle financing as a result of our continued application of stricter requirements for granting such
loans, which has led to higher down payment requirements and shorter financing terms, partially offset by the increases of (i)
9.9% in mortgage loans to R$38,242 million, mainly due to our focus on portfolios with lower delinquency rates, and (ii) 0.8% in
credit card loans as we are the leading player in the Brazilian credit card market according to ABECS (
Associação
Brasileira das Empresas de Cartões de Crédito e Serviços
), through Itaucard, Hipercard, Hiper, Credicard,
joint ventures and commercial agreements with leading companies in sectors such as telecom, vehicles, retail and aviation operating
in the Brazilian market.

As of December 31, 2015 loans and lease
to individuals totaled R$187,220 million, an increase of 0.7% compared to December 31, 2014. The increase is primarily a result
of the increases of (i) 19.5% in mortgage loans to R$34,790 million, mainly due to our focus on portfolios with lower delinquency
rates, and (ii) 12.1% in payroll loans to R$45,434 million, due to a continued growth in our retail branch payroll loan operations
and through Banco Itaú BMG Consignado S.A., a financial institution aimed at offering, distributing and marketing payroll
loans. Vehicle financing decreased by 30.9% as of December 31, 2015 compared to December 31, 2014, totaling R$20,058 million, as
a result of our continued application of stricter requirements for granting such loans, which has led to higher down payment requirements
and shorter financing periods.

Loans and lease to companies:

As of December 31, 2016 loans and leases
to companies, which includes corporate and small and medium business operations, totaled R$180,689 million, representing a decrease
of R$37,876 million, or 17.3%, compared to December 31, 2015. Loans and leases to small and medium businesses decreased 10.8% as
of December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015, totaling R$58,935 million as of December 31, 2016. Loans and leases to corporate
clients decreased 20.2% as of December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015, totaling R$121,754 million as of December 31, 2016.

As of December 31, 2015 loans and leases
to companies totaled R$218,565 million, representing an increase of R$2,725 million, or 1.3%, compared to December 31, 2014. Loans
and leases to small and medium businesses decreased 4.1% as of December 31, 2015 compared to December 31, 2014, totaling R$66,038
million. Loans and leases to corporate clients increased 3.8% as of December 31, 2015 compared to December 31, 2014, totaling R$152,527
million as of December 31, 2015.

Foreign loans and leases – Latin America:

The balance of our foreign loans and leases
from our operations in Latin America outside Brazil (Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Panama, Paraguay, Peru and Uruguay) totaled R$126,530
million as of December 31, 2016, an increase of 84.8% compared

A-
149

to December 31, 2015 when the balance was R$68,463 million, mostly
as a result of the merger between our subsidiary Banco Itaú Chile and CorpBanca in the second quarter of 2016 which represents
an important step in our internationalization process.

The balance of our foreign loans and leases
from our operations in Latin America outside Brazil (Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Paraguay and Uruguay) totaled R$68,463 million
as of December 31, 2015, an increase of 35.2% compared to December 31, 2014 when the balance was R$50,638 million, mostly as a
result of the organic growth of operations in the countries where we operate.

Credit quality (90-day NPL ratio):
decreased
10 basis points as of December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015

and increased 40 basis points as of December 31, 2015
compared to December 31, 2014.

The 90-day non-performing loans ratio (90-day
NPL ratio), is calculated by dividing 90-day’s non-performing loans by our loan portfolio.

As of December 31, 2016, our 90-day NPL
ratio reached 3.4%, a reduction of 10 basis points due to a decrease in the 90-day NPL ratio for individuals. The ratio for companies
as of December 31, 2016 increased by 20 basis points compared to December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, our 90-day NPL ratio
reached 3.5% an increase of 40 basis points compared to December 31, 2014.

The coverage ratio, calculated by dividing
the provisions for allowance for loan and lease losses by 90-day non-performing loans, reflects the mechanics of our provisioning
model and reached 160% as of December 31, 2016 compared to a ratio of 164% as of December 31, 2015. The coverage ratio was 160%
as of December 31, 2014.

Interest and similar income:
increased
by 9.3% for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended

December 31, 2015 and increased by 23.0% for the
year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

Interest and similar expenses:
increased
by 26.7% for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended

December 31, 2015 and increased by 2.9% for the
year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

Banking service fees:
increased
by 8.4% for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31,

2015 and increased by 11.8% for the
year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

Income from insurance, private pension
plan and capitalization operations (premium bonds) before claim and selling expenses:
decreased by 11.9% for the year ended
December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015 and

decreased by 3.1% for the year ended December 31, 2015
compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

General and administrative expenses:

increased by 6.9% for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year

ended December 31, 2015 and increased by
11.9% for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

Expenses for allowance for loan and
lease losses:
decreased by 0.6% for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to

the year ended December 31, 2015 and
increased by 30.2% for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

Impaired loans:
increased from R$27,157
million as of December 31, 2015 to R$30,317 million as of December 31, 2016, an

increase mainly with respect to impaired
loans in our corporate portfolio due to a more challenging economic environment in Brazil. As of December 31, 2014 the balance
of impaired loans was R$17,206 million. (For further details, refer to section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements
in IFRS, Note 36.6 – Credit Quality of Financial Assets).

Loans under renegotiation:
credit
transactions under renegotiation, including extended, modified and deferred repayments,

increased 6.1% as of December 31,
2016 compared to December 31, 2015 due to an increase in our portfolio of renegotiated corporate loans. As of December 31, 2016,
loans under renegotiation represented 5.0% of the total loan portfolio.

A-
150

For the Year Ended December 31,
Highlights   2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Statement of Income
Net Income (attributable to the owners of the parent company)   23,263   25,740   21,555
Banking Product   118,661   92,011   91,657
Shares (R$)
Earnings per share - Basic (Common and Preferred)   3.57   3.91   3.26
Weight Average Number of Outstanding Shares – Basic (in thousands) (1)
Common   3,351,741   3,351,741   3,351,741
Preferred   3,171,216   3,228,881   3,266,347
Average price of preferred share on the last trading day of the period (1)   33.68   23.91   28.69
Market Capitalization (2)   219,348   155,732   190,161
Market Capitalization (In millions of US$) (3)   67,303   39,882   71,592
Performance Ratios (%)
Net income as a percentage of average stockholder’s equity – Annualized (4)   20.1   24.8   24.3
Net income as a
    percentage of total assets – Annualized (5)   1.8   2.2   2.0
Solvency Ratio (BIS Ratio) - Prudential Conglomerate (6)   19.1   17.8   16.9
Non-performing Loans Index (NPL over 90 days)   3.4   3.5   3.1
Non-performing Loans Index (NPL 15-90 days)   2.5   2.6   2.5
Efficiency Ratio (ER) (7)   46.7   44.0   47.0
Risk Adjusted Efficiency Ratio (RAER) (7)   69.2   63.0   62.9

As of December 31,
2016   2015   2014
Balance Sheet
Total Assets   1,353,241   1,276,415   1,127,203
Total Loan Portfolio   490,366   474,248   452,431
Total Stockholders’ Equity   134,814   114,059   100,617
Total Stockholders’ Equity attributed to the owners of the parent company   122,582   112,252   99,260

(1)
The number of outstanding shares was adjusted to reflect the share bonus of 10% granted on June 05, 2014, July 17, 2015 and September
14, 2016.

(2)
Total number of outstanding shares (common and preferred shares) multiplied by the average price of the preferred share on the
last trading day in the period.

(3)
The US$/R$ exchange rate was R$3.2591 as of December 31,2016, R$3.9048 as of December 31, 2015 and R$2.6562 as of December 31,
2014.

(4)
Annualized Return was calculated by dividing net income attributable to owners of the parent company by the quarterly average
stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company excluding quarterly average proposed dividends recorded.

(5)
Annualized Return was computed by dividing Net Income by Average Assets.

(6)
Up to 2014, this ratio was calculated based on the financial conglomerate.

(7)
The Efficiency Ratio and Risk Adjusted Efficiency Ratio are calculated based on managerial information (for more details on the
calculation methodology of both Efficiency and Risk Adjusted Efficiency ratios, please see Basis of Segment Information Presentation).

When the
real
 depreciates, we incur
losses on our liabilities denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies, such as our U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt and
short-term borrowings, because the cost in
reais
 of the related interest expense increases. At the same time, we realize
gains on monetary assets denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies, such as our dollar-indexed trading securities and loans,
due to increased interest income from such assets when translated to
reais
. When the
real
 appreciates, the effects
are the opposite of those described above. Consequently, the management of the gap in foreign currencies can have material effects
on our net income. Unless otherwise indicated, the discussion in this section relates to our average interest rates and yields.
Interest rates cited are measured in reais and include the effect of the variation of the real against foreign currencies.

Please refer to section Our risk management,
item Risk factors, Instability of foreign exchange rates may negatively affect us and item Market risk for further details.

Net income

The following table shows the main components of our net income
for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

A-
151

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Consolidated Statement of Income   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Banking product   118,661   92,011   91,657   26,650   29.0   %   354   0.4   %
Interest and similar income   161,495   147,789   120,115   13,706   9.3   %   27,674   23.0   %
Interest and similar expense   (95,126   )   (75,064   )   (72,977   )   (20,062   )   26.7   %   (2,087   )   2.9   %
Dividend income   288   98   215   190   193.9   %   (117   )   (54.4   )%
Net gain (loss) from investment securities and derivatives   7,311   (11,862   )   (724   )   19,173   (161.6   )%   (11,138   )   1,538.4   %
Foreign exchange results and exchange variation on transactions   5,513   (6,353   )   9,644   11,866   (186.8   )%   (15,997   )   (165.9   )%
Banking service fees   31,918   29,452   26,342   2,466   8.4   %   3,110   11.8   %
Income related to insurance, private pension plans and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   5,880   6,672   6,888   (792   )   (11.9   )%   (216   )   (3.1   )%
Other income   1,382   1,279   2,154   103   8.1   %   (875   )   (40.6   )%
Losses on loans and claims   (22,122   )   (21,335   )   (15,801   )   (787   )   3.7   %   (5,534   )   35.0   %
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   (24,379   )   (24,517   )   (18,832   )   138   (0.6   )%   (5,685   )   30.2   %
Recovery of loans written off as loss   3,742   4,779   5,054   (1,037   )   (21.7   )%   (275   )   (5.4   )%
Expenses for claims   (1,555   )   (1,611   )   (2,430   )   56   (3.5   )%   819   (33.7   )%
Recovery of claims under reinsurance   70   14   407   56   400.0   %   (393   )   (96.6   )%
Operating margin   96,539   70,676   75,856   25,863   36.6   %   (5,180   )   (6.8   )%
Other operating income (expenses)   (58,347   )   (52,411   )   (47,048   )   (5,936   )   11.3   %   (5,363   )   11.4   %
General and administrative expenses   (50,904   )   (47,626   )   (42,550   )   (3,278   )   6.9   %   (5,076   )   11.9   %
Tax expenses   (7,971   )   (5,405   )   (5,063   )   (2,566   )   47.5   %   (342   )   6.8   %
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   528   620   565   (92   )   (14.8   )%   55   9.7   %
Income before income tax and social contribution   38,192   18,265   28,808   19,927   109.1   %   (10,543   )   (36.6   )%
Current income tax and social contribution   (3,898   )   (8,965   )   (7,209   )   5,067   (56.5   )%   (1,756   )   24.4   %
Deferred income tax and social contribution   (10,712   )   16,856   262   (27,568   )   (163.6   )%   16,594   6,333.6   %
Net income   23,582   26,156   21,861   (2,574   )   (9.8   )%   4,295   19.6   %
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests   319   416   306   (97   )   (23.3   )%   110   35.9   %
Net income attributable to owners of the parent company   23,263   25,740   21,555   (2,477   )   (9.6   )%   4,185   19.4   %

Banking product (operating revenues)

Banking product (operating revenues) is
the sum of our operating revenues, net of funding costs, as detailed in the table above. Please refer to section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements in IFRS, Note 23 – Interest and Similar Income and Expense and Net Gain (Loss) from Investment
Securities and Derivatives, Note 24 – Banking Service Fees and Note 25 – Other Income for further details.

The following table shows the main components
of our interest and similar income for the years ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014:

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Interest and similar income   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015 - 2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest on Central Bank compulsory deposits   6,920   5,748   5,904   1,172   20.4   %   (156   )   (2.6   )%
Interest on interbank deposits   677   1,628   1,286   (951   )   (58.4   )%   342   26.6   %
Interest on securities purchased under agreements to resell   34,162   27,572   17,929   6,590   23.9   %   9,643   53.8   %
Interest on financial assets held for trading   23,669   19,826   15,128   3,843   19.4   %   4,698   31.1   %
Interest on available-for-sale financial assets   11,160   8,979   7,272   2,181   24.3   %   1,707   23.5   %
Interest on held-to-maturity financial assets   3,788   3,758   2,347   30   0.8   %   1,411   60.1   %
Interest on loans and leases operations   80,118   79,392   69,248   726   0.9   %   10,144   14.6   %
Other financial assets   1,001   886   1,001   115   13.0   %   (115   )   (11.5   )%
Total interest and similar income   161,495   147,789   120,115   13,706   9.3   %   27,674   23.0   %

In the year ended December 31, 2016, the
9.3% increase in interest and similar income compared to the year ended December 31, 2015 was mainly due to increases in interest
on securities purchased under agreements to resell, in interest on financial assets held for trading and in interest on available-for-sale
financial assets. These increases are related to the growth in volume of these interest-earnings assets. Also, increases in the
cumulative SELIC rate which increased to 14.0% in 2016 from 13.8% in 2015 contributed to the increase in interest and similar income.

In the year ended December 31, 2015, the
23.0% increase in interest and similar income compared to the year ended December 31, 2014 was mainly due to increases in interest
on loans and leases, in interest on securities purchased under agreements to resell and in interest on financial assets held for
trading. The increase of 14.6% in interest on loans and leases operations is mainly due to the 35.2% growth in our Latin America
loan portfolio compared to the previous year. The increase in interest for trading is related to increases in the cumulative SELIC
rate to 13.8% in 2015 from 10.9% in 2014.

The following table shows the composition
of the carrying amount of loan and lease transactions by type which primarily account for the variation between our total loan
and lease transactions as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

A-
152

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Loan and lease operations by type   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015 - 2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Individuals   183,147   187,220   185,953   (4,073   )   (2.2   )%   1,267   0.7   %
Credit card   59,022   58,542   59,321   480   0.8   %   (779   )   (1.3   )%
Personal loans   25,813   28,396   27,953   (2,583   )   (9.1   )%   443   1.6   %
Payroll loans   44,636   45,434   40,525   (798   )   (1.8   )%   4,909   12.1   %
Vehicles   15,434   20,058   29,047   (4,624   )   (23.1   )%   (8,989   )   (30.9   )%
Mortgage loans   38,242   34,790   29,107   3,452   9.9   %   5,683   19.5   %
Corporate   121,754   152,527   147,002   (30,773   )   (20.2   )%   5,525   3.8   %
Small and medium businesses   58,935   66,038   68,838   (7,103   )   (10.8   )%   (2,800   )   (4.1   )%
Foreign loans - Latin America   126,530   68,463   50,638   58,067   84.8   %   17,825   35.2   %
Total loan and lease operations   490,366   474,248   452,431   16,118   3.4   %   21,817   4.8   %

As of December 31, 2016, our total loan
and lease portfolio reached R$490,366 million, a 3.4% increase from the previous year mainly due to the increase in (i) the volume
of loans to Latin American (not including Brazil) borrowers, due to the merger between our subsidiary Banco Itaú Chile and
CorpBanca in the second quarter of 2016, and (ii) mortgage loans due to our focus on portfolios with lower delinquency rates. These
increases were partially offset by decreases in loans to corporate, small and medium businesses due to a more challenging economic
environment in Brazil. As of December 31, 2015, our loan portfolio reached R$474,248 million, a 4.8% increase from December 31,
2014.

Since 2011, we focused on reducing the
credit risk of our loan portfolio. As a result, our mortgage, payroll and Latin America (not including Brazil) loan portfolios
have grown more rapidly, while our vehicle, corporate and small companies’ portfolios have decreased. Our mortgage loan portfolio
has grown in line with the market and we maintained a conservative approach regarding collateral. The portfolio LTV (Loan-to-Value:
ratio between the loans and the underlying collateral) reached 41.8% in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our payroll loan portfolio
has grown more than our personal loan portfolio due to a continued growth in our retail branch payroll loan operations and through
Banco Itaú BMG Consignado S.A., a financial institution aimed at offering, distributing and marketing payroll loans. We
maintain an association, as stated in the new commercial agreement for the distribution of payroll loans of Banco Itaú BMG
Consignado and its affiliates, on an exclusive basis, through certain distribution channels linked to Banco BMG and its affiliates.
In Latin America, excluding Brazil (i.e., Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Panama, Paraguay and Uruguay) our loan portfolio grew by
84.8% compared to December 31, 2015 and 35.2% in December 31, 2015 compared to December 31, 2014. In 2016, the growth in our Latin
America portfolio was due to the merger between our subsidiary Banco Itaú Chile and CorpBanca in the second quarter of 2016
and represents an important step in our globalization process. For further details please refer to the table above of loan and
lease operations by type.

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Interest and similar expense   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015 - 2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest on deposits   (14,701   )   (13,587   )   (12,064   )   (1,114   )   8.2   %   (1,523   )   12.6   %
Interest on securities sold under repurchase agreements   (45,932   )   (32,879   )   (26,771   )   (13,053   )   39.7   %   (6,108   )   22.8   %
Interbank market debt   (8,348   )   (7,970   )   (14,404   )   (378   )   4.7   %   6,434   (44.7   )%
Institutional market debt   (8,248   )   (8,030   )   (10,695   )   (218   )   2.7   %   2,665   (24.9   )%
Financial expense from technical reserves for insurance and private pension plans   (17,790   )   (12,556   )   (8,987   )   (5,234   )   41.7   %   (3,569   )   39.7   %
Other   (107   )   (42   )   (56   )   (65   )   154.8   %   14   (25.0   )%
Total interest and similar expense   (95,126   )   (75,064   )   (72,977   )   (20,062   )   26.7   %   (2,087   )   2.9   %

The changes in the SELIC rate also affected
our total interest expenses
.
 In 2016, the cumulative SELIC rate increased to 14.0% as of December 31, 2016 compared to 13.8%
as of December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2014, the cumulative SELIC rate was 10.9%.

In the years ended December 31, 2016 and
2015, the increase in volume and in the SELIC rate increased our interest expenses for securities sold under repurchase agreements
and reserves for insurance and private pension plans and liabilities for capitalization plans (premium bonds). Please refer to
section Performance, item Financial performance, Liabilities, Funding, for further information.

Dividend income totaled R$288 million for
the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to R$98 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. This increase was due to higher
income from dividends on investments. Dividend income totaled R$215 million for the year ended December 31, 2014.

Net gain (loss) from
investment securities and derivatives totaled a gain of R$7,311 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to a loss
of R$11,862 million in the same period in 2015. For the year ended December 31, 2014, net gain (loss) from investment securities
and derivatives totaled a loss of R$724 million. These results were mainly due to our risk management strategies, particularly
those associated with derivative instruments used to hedge our investments abroad. Foreign exchange results and exchange variation
on transactions totaled a gain of R$5,513 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to a loss of R$6,353 million for
the year ended December 31, 2015 and a gain of R$9,644 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The changes were due mainly
to the effect from derivative financial instruments used to hedge the impact of exchange rate variations on our investments in
subsidiaries abroad.

The following table shows the main components of our non-interest
income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

A-
153

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Non-interest income   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Banking Service Fees   31,918   29,452   26,342   2,466   8.4   %   3,110   11.8   %
Current account services   9,528   8,815   7,725   713   8.1   %   1,090   14.1   %
Asset management fees   3,514   2,932   2,660   582   19.8   %   272   10.2   %
Collection commissions   1,315   1,250   1,279   65   5.2   %   (29   )   (2.3   )%
Fees from credit card services   13,330   12,722   11,507   608   4.8   %   1,215   10.6   %
Fees for guarantees issued and credit lines   1,773   1,609   1,407   164   10.2   %   202   14.4   %
Brokerage commission   295   248   262   47   19.0   %   (14   )   (5.3   )%
Other   2,163   1,876   1,502   287   15.3   %   374   24.9   %
Income related to insurance, private pension plans and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   5,880   6,672   6,888   (792   )   (11.9   )%   (216   )   (3.1   )%
Other Income   1,382   1,279   2,154   103   8.1   %   (875   )   (40.6   )%
Total non-interest income   39,180   37,403   35,384   1,777   4.8   %   2,019   5.7   %

In the year ended December 31, 2016, our
non-interest income amounted to R$39,180 million, representing a growth of 4.8% from the year ended December 31, 2015, mainly due
to the growth of 8.4% in banking service fees. In the year ended December 31, 2015, our non-interest income amounted to R$37,403
million, representing a growth of 5.7% from the year ended December 31, 2014, mainly due to the growth of 11.8% in banking service
fees.

Banking service fees refer to the sum of
fees from current account services, asset management, collection, credit card services, guarantees issued and credit lines, brokerage
commission and other fees. In the year ended December 31, 2016, the increase in banking service fee revenues was mainly due to:
(i) income from current account services, largely due to the offering of differentiated products and services, (ii) income from
fees from credit card services, due to higher revenues from equipment rental and higher transaction volume during 2016 and (iii)
asset management fees due to the increase in volume of assets under management. In 2015, the increase in banking service fee revenues
was mainly due to: (i) income from fees from credit card services and (ii) income from current account fees. The growth in banking
service fees and other fee income is in line with our strategy to diversify our income, while becoming less dependent on changes
in interest rates.

In the year ended December 31, 2016, income
related to insurance, private pension plans and capitalization operations (premium bonds) before claim and selling expenses decreased
by R$792 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease was influenced by the increase of R$3,030 million in
reserves for insurance and private pension plans, partially offset by the increase in income related to insurance and private pension
of R$2,215 million and by the increase of R$28 million in revenues from capitalization plans. In the year ended December 31, 2015,
income related to insurance, private pension and capitalization operations (premium bonds) before claim and selling expenses decreased
R$216 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

In the year ended December 31, 2016, other
income increased R$103 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, due primarily to an increase in gains on the sale
of assets held for sale, fixed assets and investments in associates and joint ventures. In the year ended December 31, 2015, the
decrease was due primarily to a decrease in gains on the sale of assets held for sale, fixed assets and investments in associates
and joint ventures where a non-recurring revenue in the amount of R$1,151 million from the sale of assets held by Itaú Seguros
Soluções Corporativas S.A.(ISSC) was reflected in the year ended December 31, 2014.

The following chart shows the composition of the banking service
fees for years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

A-
154

Below is the composition of our losses on loans and claims for
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Losses on loans and claims   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   (24,379   )   (24,517   )   (18,832   )   138   (0.6   )%   (5,685   )   30.2   %
Recovery of loans written-off as loss   3,742   4,779   5,054   (1,037   )   (21.7   )%   (275   )   (5.4   )%
Expenses for claims   (1,555   )   (1,611   )   (2,430   )   56   (3.5   )%   819   (33.7   )%
Recovery of claims under reinsurance   70   14   407   56   400.0   %   (393   )   (96.6   )%
Total losses on loans and claims   (22,122   )   (21,335   )   (15,801   )   (787   )   3.7   %   (5,534   )   35.0   %

Evolution of the expenses for allowance for loan and lease
losses

The chart below shows the changes in the
components making up our expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses which primarily account for the variation between expenses
for allowance for loan and lease losses for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

For the year ended December 31, 2016, our
expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses remained relatively stable compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily
as a result of the decrease in our expenses for allowance loan and lease losses for companies being offset by increases in expenses
for allowance and loan losses for our Latin America segment mainly as a result of the merger between Banco Itaú Chile and
CorpBanca.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, our
expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses increased by 30.2% compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. The growth is
mainly due to a more challenging economic environment in Brazil. Please refer to section Macroeconomic context – item Brazilian
context for further details.

As of December 31, 2016, the NPL ratio
for operations overdue from 15 to 90 days (NPL 15-90) reached 2.5% and NPL ratio for operations overdue for over 90 days (NPL
90) reached 3.4%. The chart below shows the changes in the NPL ratios.

In the year ended December 31, 2016, the
recovery of loans written off as losses reached R$3,742 million, representing a decrease of 21.7% compared to the year ended December
31, 2015 as a result of the challenging economic scenario in Brazil. In the year ended December 31, 2015, the recovery of loans
written off as losses reached R$4,779 million, representing a decrease of 5.4% compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

In 2016, expenses for claims decreased
by R$56 million compared to the same period in the previous year. The reduction in expenses for claims is related to the early
termination of the extended warranty agreement between Itaú Seguros S.A. and Via Varejo in the third quarter of 2014. In
2015, expenses for claims decreased by R$819 million compared to 2014, mainly due to a decrease in claims of large risk insurance
operations due to the sale of the large risk portfolio, in addition to decreasing

A-
155

claims in mandatory insurance for personal injury
caused by motor vehicles (
Seguro Obrigatório de Danos Pessoais Causados

por Veículos Automotores de Via
Terrestre
, or DPVAT).

In 2016, recovery of claims under reinsurance
increased by R$56 million from R$14 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 reaching R$70 million, mainly due to a decrease
in the recovery of claims. In 2015, recovery of claims under reinsurance decreased by R$393 million compared to the year ended
December 31, 2014, mainly due to a decrease in the recovery of claims in our segment of large risk insurance products.

The following table presents the composition
of our general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
General and administrative expenses   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Personnel expenses   (22,360   )   (19,573   )   (17,071   )   (2,787   )   14.2   %   (2,503   )   14.7   %
Administrative expenses   (15,959   )   (15,112   )   (14,325   )   (847   )   5.6   %   (787   )   5.5   %
Depreciation   (1,702   )   (1,688   )   (1,641   )   (14   )   0.8   %   (47   )   2.9   %
Amortization   (1,292   )   (910   )   (827   )   (382   )   42.0   %   (83   )   10.0   %
Insurance acquisition expenses   (721   )   (1,138   )   (1,214   )   417   (36.6   )%   76   (6.3   )%
Other expenses   (8,870   )   (9,205   )   (7,472   )   335   (3.6   )%   (1,733   )   23.2   %
Total general and administrative expenses   (50,904   )   (47,626   )   (42,550   )   (3,278   )   6.9   %   (5,076   )   11.9   %

We kept a tight control on costs and have
partially offset the potential rise in costs (brought by the growth of operations, the rise in salaries and benefits due to collective
labor agreements and the impact of inflation on our administrative costs) with efficiency gains. Between December 31, 2015, and
December 31, 2016, our number of employees increased by 4.9% to 94,779 mainly as a result of the merger between Banco Itaú
Chile and CorpBanca. Between December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2015, our number of employees decreased by 3.1% to 90,320 mainly
as a result of our natural turn-over.

General and administrative expenses increased
by R$3,278 million, or 6.9%, in the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. In the year ended
December 31, 2015, these expenses increased by 11.9% compared to the year ended December 31, 2014.

In the year ended December 31, 2016, the
increase of R$2,787 million in personnel expenses compared to the year ended December 31, 2015 was mainly a result of the increase
in expenses related to compensation, welfare benefits and provisions for labor claims. Also, the increase in the number of employees
in Latin America as a result of the merger between Banco Itaú Chile and CorpBanca contributed to this increase in the year
ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The annual collective labor agreement reached in third quarter,
increased compensation by 8.0% starting from September 2016 and also established the lump-sum bonus to employees, and impacted
the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. In the year ended December 31, 2015, the increase
of R$2,503 million in personnel expenses compared to 2014 was mainly a result of the increase in expenses related to defined contribution
plan and provisions for labor claims.

In the year ended December 31, 2016, administrative
expenses increased by R$847 million, or 5.6%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015 mainly due to increases in costs related
to third-party services, financial services, utilities and rent. The increase in these expenses was due to the organic growth of
our operations and, the effect of inflation on most contracts and costs in the year ended December 31, 2016. In the year ended
December 31, 2015, administrative expenses increased R$787 million, or 5.5%, mainly because of increases in costs related to data
processing and telecommunications, advertising, promotions and publications and other expenses. In the year ended December 31,
2016, other expenses decreased R$335 million, or 3.6% compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, mainly in provisions for civil
lawsuits. In 2015, other expenses grew R$1,733 million, or 23.2%, mainly due to the increases of R$724 million in selling expenses
related to credit cards, R$390 million in provisions for tax and social security lawsuits and R$361 million in provisions for civil
lawsuits.

In the year ended December 31, 2016, tax
expenses (ISS, PIS, Cofins and other tax expenses) amounted to R$7,971 million, an increase of R$2,566 million compared to the
year ended December 31, 2015, and increase of R$342 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December
31, 2014, reflecting the increase in our banking product (operating revenues).

Certain amounts of income and expenses
are recognized in our income statement but do not affect our taxable basis. Conversely, certain amounts are considered taxable
income or deductible expenses in the calculation of our taxes on income but do not affect our income statement. Those items are
referred to as “timing differences”. Our total income tax and social contribution includes current income tax and social
contribution as well as deferred income tax and social contribution. The former is the tax expense under Brazilian tax laws for
the period, and the latter is the tax expense resulting from timing differences.

In the year ended December 31, 2016, income
tax and social contribution amounted to an expense of R$14,610 million compared to a credit of R$7,891 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015. This increase in expense was mainly due to an increase in income before tax and social contribution and due
to the effect on the balance of the social contribution tax credit resulting from the rate increase from 15% to 20% as established
by Provisional Measure No. 675/2015 of May 2015 (converted into Law No. 13,169/2015 in October 2015) and to the tax effect on the
hedge of our equity investments abroad, as exchange rate variations on such investments are not taxable but the hedge of such investments
is taxable. In the year ended December 31, 2014, income tax and social contribution amounted to an expense of R$6,947 million.

A-
156

Basis of segment information presentation

Our segment information is based on reports
used by senior management to assess the financial performance of our businesses and to make decisions regarding the allocation
of funds for investment and other purposes.

Segment information is prepared according
to accounting practices adopted in Brazil (our segment information is not prepared in accordance with IFRS) but includes the following
pro forma adjustments: (i) the recognition of the impact related to allocated capital using a proprietary model; (ii) the use of
funding and cost of capital, according to market prices, using certain managerial criteria; (iii) the exclusion of non-recurring
events from our results and (iv) the reclassification of the tax effects from hedging transactions we enter into for our investments
abroad. Please refer to section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements in IFRS, Note 34 – Segment Information for
further details.

The impacts associated with capital allocation
are included in the financial information. Accordingly, adjustments were made to the consolidated financial statements, based on
a proprietary model. The Allocated Economic Capital (AEC) model was adopted for the consolidated financial statements by segments,
and as from 2015, we changed the calculation methodology. The AEC considers, in addition to Tier l Capital, the effects of the
calculation of expected loan losses, supplementary to the requirements of the Central Bank of Brazil, pursuant to CMN Circular
No. 2,682/99. Accordingly, the Allocated Capital comprises the following components: Credit risk (including expected loss), operational
risk, market risk and insurance underwriting risk. Based on the portion of Tier 1 Capital, we calculated the Return on Economic
Allocated Capital, which corresponds to an operational performance indicator consistently adjusted to the capital required to support
the risk associated to asset and liability positions assumed, in conformity with our risk appetite.

As of the first quarter of 2016, we have adopted the
Basel III rules in our managerial capital allocation model.

The Efficiency Ratio
and Risk Adjusted Efficiency Ratio are calculated based on managerial information, as presented below:

The Efficiency Ratio and Risk Efficiency
Ratio are non-GAAP measures and we disclose them herein as we consider them to be an important measure to understand how we manage
our overhead costs. We disclose this measure to the market on a quarterly basis.

Low efficiency ratios indicate a better
performance, since this ratio measures the proportion of expenses over revenues. The risk-adjusted efficiency ratio includes the
risk portions associated with banking transactions (result of the allowance for loan and lease losses and recovery of loans written
off as losses).

We report information with respect to the
following segments: (i) Retail Banking, (ii) Wholesale Banking and (iii) Activities with the Market and Corporation.

The current operational and reporting segments are described
below:

·   Retail Banking: The result of the Retail
Banking segment is derived from the offer of banking products and services to a diversified client base of account holders and
non-account holders, individuals and companies. The segment includes retail clients, high-income clients (Itaú Uniclass
and Personnalité), and very small and small companies. This segment comprises financing and lending activities carried out
in units other than the branch network, and offering of credit cards, in addition to operations with Itaú BMG Consignado;

·   Wholesale Banking: The result of the Wholesale
Banking segment is derived from the products and services offered to middle-market companies, private banking clients, from the
activities of Latin America units (excluding Brazil), including those of CorpBanca as of the second quarter of 2016 following the
merger between Banco Itaú Chile and CorpBanca, and the activities of Itaú BBA, the unit in charge of commercial operations
with large companies as well as performing as an investment banking unit; and

·   Activities with the Market and Corporation:
This segment records the results derived from capital surplus, subordinated debt surplus and the net balance of tax credits and
debits. It also shows the financial margin with the market, the treasury operating cost, the equity in earnings of companies not
associated to each segment and the interest in Porto Seguro.

We present below a summary of the results
from our operating segments for the year ended December 31, 2016. Similar information for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014 is included in the consolidated financial statements, in Note 34 regarding segment information in section Performance, item
Complete Financial Statements in IFRS. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our complete financial statements,
especially Note 34 regarding segment information in section Performance, item Complete Financial Statements in IFRS. The adjustments
column shown in the Note 34 presents effects of the differences between the segmented results (substantially according with the
accounting practices adopted in Brazil) and those calculated according to the principles adopted in our complete financial statements
in IFRS.

A-
157

Consolidated Statement of Income from January 1 to December 31, 2016   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Activities with the Market + Corporation   ITAÚ UNIBANCO   Adjustments   IFRS consolidated
(In millions of R$)
Banking product   69,577   28,324   9,412   107,313   11,348   118,661
Interest margin (1)   39,154   19,755   9,264   68,173   11,308   79,481
Banking service fees   22,659   8,072   59   30,790   1,128   31,918
Income related to insurance, private pension and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   7,764   497   89   8,350   (2,470   )   5,880
Other revenues   -   -   -   -   1,382   1,382
Losses on loans and claims   (14,901   )   (8,471   )   71   (23,301   )   1,179   (22,122   )
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   (16,717   )   (8,914   )   71   (25,560   )   1,181   (24,379   )
Recovery of credits written off as loss   3,242   502   -   3,744   (2   )   3,742
Expenses for claims / recovery of claims under reinsurance   (1,426   )   (59   )   -   (1,485   )   -   (1,485   )
Operating margin   54,676   19,853   9,483   84,012   12,527   96,539
Other operating income (expenses)   (37,202   )   (13,410   )   (2,387   )   (52,999   )   (5,348   )   (58,347   )
Non-interest expenses (2)   (32,883   )   (12,034   )   (1,616   )   (46,533   )   (4,371   )   (50,904   )
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and other   (4,319   )   (1,376   )   (771   )   (6,466   )   (1,505   )   (7,971   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   -   -   -   -   528   528
Net income before income tax and social contribution   17,474   6,443   7,096   31,013   7,179   38,192
Income tax and social contribution   (6,328   )   (1,081   )   (1,237   )   (8,646   )   (5,964   )   (14,610   )
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (223   )   79   (1   )   (145   )   (174   )   (319   )
Net income   10,923   5,441   5,858   22,222   1,041   23,263

(1)   Includes net interest and similar income and expenses of R$66,369 dividend income of R$288,
net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives of R$7,311 and results from foreign exchange results and exchange variation
of transactions abroad of R$5,513.

(2)   Refers to general and administrative expenses including depreciation expenses of R$1,702, amortization
expenses of R$1,292 and insurance acquisition expenses of R$721.

Revenues from operations in Brazil and abroad

We conduct most of our business activities
in Brazil, but we do not break down our revenues by geographic markets within Brazil. Our interest income from loans and leases,
banking service fees and income from insurance, private pension plans and premium bonds transactions are divided between revenues
earned in Brazil and outside of Brazil. The following information is presented in IFRS, after eliminations on consolidation.

The following table sets forth the consolidated
statement of income with respect to our revenues from operations in Brazil and abroad for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014:

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Revenues from operations in Brazil and abroad   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Income Related to Financial Operations (1)   174,607   129,672   129,250   44,935   34.7   %   422   0.3   %
Brazil   154,653   117,140   118,946   37,513   32.0   %   (1,806   )   (1.5   )%
Abroad   19,954   12,532   10,304   7,422   59.2   %   2,228   21.6   %
Banking Service Fees   31,918   29,452   26,342   2,466   8.4   %   3,110   11.8   %
Brazil   29,061   27,072   24,550   1,989   7.3   %   2,522   10.3   %
Abroad   2,857   2,380   1,792   477   20.0   %   588   32.8   %
Income related to insurance, private pension and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   5,880   6,672   6,888   (792   )   (11.9   )%   (216   )   (3.1   )%
Brazil   5,748   6,570   6,834   (822   )   (12.5   )%   (264   )   (3.9   )%
Abroad   132   102   54   30   29.4   %   48   88.9   %

(1)   Includes interest and similar income, dividend income,
net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives, and foreign exchange results and exchange variation on transactions.

Retail Banking

The following table sets forth the consolidated
statement of income with respect to our Retail Banking segment for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

A-
158

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Consolidated Statement of Income   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Banking Product   69,577   70,495   65,516   (918   )   (1.3   )%   4,979   7.6   %
Interest margin   39,154   40,997   37,880   (1,843   )   (4.5   )%   3,117   8.2   %
Banking service fees   22,659   21,159   19,234   1,500   7.1   %   1,925   10.0   %
Income from insurance, private pension and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   7,764   8,339   8,402   (575   )   (6.9   )%   (63   )   (0.7   )%
Losses on loans and claims   (14,901   )   (13,893   )   (11,840   )   (1,008   )   7.3   %   (2,053   )   17.3   %
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   (16,717   )   (16,232   )   (14,503   )   (485   )   3.0   %   (1,729   )   11.9   %
Recovery of loans written-off as losses   3,242   3,886   4,642   (644   )   (16.6   )%   (756   )   (16.3   )%
Expenses for claims/Recovery of claims under reinsurance   (1,426   )   (1,547   )   (1,979   )   121   (7.8   )%   432   (21.8   )%
Operating margin   54,676   56,602   53,676   (1,926   )   (3.4   )%   2,926   5.5   %
Other operating income (expenses)   (37,202   )   (35,924   )   (34,200   )   (1,278   )   3.6   %   (1,724   )   5.0   %
Non-interest expenses   (32,883   )   (31,547   )   (30,243   )   (1,336   )   4.2   %   (1,304   )   4.3   %
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and other   (4,319   )   (4,377   )   (3,957   )   58   (1.3   )%   (420   )   10.6   %
Income before income tax and social contribution   17,474   20,678   19,476   (3,204   )   (15.5   )%   1,202   6.2   %
Income tax and social contribution   (6,328   )   (7,263   )   (6,761   )   935   (12.9   )%   (502   )   7.4   %
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (223   )   (342   )   (305   )   119   (34.8   )%   (37   )   12.1   %
Net income   10,923   13,073   12,410   (2,150   )   (16.4   )%   663   5.3   %
Performance Measures
Efficiency Ratio   51.1   %   48.0   %   49.8   %
Risk Adjusted Efficiency Ratio   72.4   %   67.4   %   66.7   %
Balance Sheet Information
Loan, Lease and Other Credit Transactions   214,025   222,774   226,239
Total Assets   909,779   873,202   811,185

Net income for the Retail Banking segment
decreased by 16.4% in the year ended December 31, 2016 from the year ended December 31, 2015, mainly due to the negative impact
of the R$1,843 million decrease in interest margin, as a result of the challenging economic scenario in Brazil. Non-interest expenses
increased by R$1,336 million, with an increase in personnel expenses, which were impacted by events related to terminations, labor
claims, and lump-sum bonus payment to employees in 2016.

Banking service fees increased by 7.1%
from the year ended December 31, 2015 to the year ended December 31, 2016, which had a positive impact on net income mainly due
to higher revenues from current account services and credit cards.

Net income for the Retail Banking segment
increased by 5.3% from the year ended December 31, 2014 to the year ended December 31, 2015, mainly due to the positive impact
of the R$3,117 million increase in interest margin and of the R$1,925 million increase in banking service fees with higher revenues
from current account services and credit cards. Losses on loans and claims increased by 17.3% from the year ended December 31,
2014, mainly due to higher expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses for individuals and small and very small companies
due to a more challenging economic environment in Brazil. Non-interest expenses increased by 4.3%, with an increase in personnel
expenses, which were affected by the collective labor agreements reached in 2014 and 2015.

Wholesale Banking

The following table sets forth the consolidated
statement of income with respect to our Wholesale Banking segment for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

A-
159

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Consolidated Statement of Income   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Banking Product   28,324   25,774   20,408   2,550   9.9   %   5,366   26.3   %
Interest margin   19,755   18,047   13,685   1,708   9.5   %   4,362   31.9   %
Banking service fees   8,072   7,282   6,321   790   10.8   %   961   15.2   %
Income from insurance, private pension and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   497   445   402   52   11.7   %   43   10.7   %
Losses on loans and claims   (8,471   )   (5,931   )   (3,202   )   (2,540   )   42.8   %   (2,729   )   85.2   %
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   (8,914   )   (6,764   )   (3,565   )   (2,150   )   31.8   %   (3,199   )   89.7   %
Recovery of loans written-off as losses   502   883   407   (381   )   (43.1   )%   476   117.0   %
Expenses for claims/Recovery of claims under reinsurance   (59   )   (50   )   (44   )   (9   )   18.0   %   (6   )   13.6   %
Operating margin   19,853   19,843   17,206   10   0.1   %   2,637   15.3   %
Other operating income (expenses)   (13,410   )   (11,130   )   (9,150   )   (2,280   )   20.5   %   (1,980   )   21.6   %
Non-interest expenses   (12,034   )   (9,877   )   (8,158   )   (2,157   )   21.8   %   (1,719   )   21.1   %
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and other   (1,376   )   (1,253   )   (992   )   (123   )   9.8   %   (261   )   26.3   %
Income before income tax and social contribution   6,443   8,713   8,056   (2,270   )   (26.1   )%   657   8.2   %
Income tax and social contribution   (1,081   )   (2,691   )   (2,591   )   1,610   (59.8   )%   (100   )   3.9   %
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   79   -   -   79   -   -   -
Net income   5,441   6,022   5,465   (581   )   (9.6   )%   557   10.2   %
Performance Measures
Efficiency Ratio   44.8   %   40.4   %   42.1   %
Risk Adjusted Efficiency Ratio   76.0   %   64.4   %   58.4   %
Balance Sheet Information
Loan, Lease and Other Credit Transactions   277,200   251,056   221,950
Total Assets   585,088   547,236   436,872

In the year ended December 31, 2016, net
income for our Wholesale Banking segment decreased by 9.6% from the previous year. Our banking product increased by 9.9% as the
interest margin and the banking service fees were 9.5% and 10.8% higher than in the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase
in interest margin was due to the growth in our Latin America portfolio as a result of the merger between our subsidiary Banco
Itaú Chile and CorpBanca in the second quarter of 2016.

Non-interest expenses increased by 21.8%
for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. Losses on loans and claims increased by 42.8%
for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015 mainly due to the higher provision for loan losses,
which totaled R$8,914 million in 2016, mainly related to higher provisions for specific economic groups due to the challenging
economic scenario in Brazil. Additionally, income from recovery of loans written-off as losses decreased by 43.1% in 2016 compared
to the previous year.

In the year ended December 31, 2015, net
income for our Wholesale Banking segment increased by 10.2% from the previous year. Our banking product increased by 26.3% as the
interest margin and the banking service fees were 31.9% and 15.2% higher than in 2014. The increase in our corporate loan portfolio
during 2015 contributed to the improvement in the interest margin for the period compared to the interest margin for 2014.

Losses on loans and claims increased by
85.2%, mainly due to the increase in expenses for allowance for loan losses for companies of the corporate segment in 2015. The
increase of 117.0 % in recovery of loans written-off as losses compared to 2014 was mainly driven by the restructuring with respect
to amounts owed by a specific client in the corporate segment. Also, the non-interest expenses increased by 21.1%, having a negative
impact on net income.

Activities with the Market and Corporation

The following table sets forth the consolidated
statement of income with respect to our Activities with the Market and Corporation segment for the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014:

A-
160

For the Year Ended December 31,   Variation
Consolidated Statement of Income   2016   2015   2014   2016-2015   2015-2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Banking Product   9,412   7,641   3,916   1,771   23.2   %   3,725   95.1   %
Interest margin   9,264   7,513   3,590   1,751   23.3   %   3,923   109.3   %
Banking service fees   59   59   222   -   0.0   %   (163   )   (73.4   )%
Income from insurance, private pension and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   89   69   104   20   29.0   %   (35   )   (33.7   )%
Losses on loans and claims   71   98   (3   )   (27   )   (27.6   )%   101   (3366.7   )%
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   71   98   (3   )   (27   )   (27.6   )%   101   (3366.7   )%
Recovery of loans written-off as losses   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Expenses for claims/Recovery of claims under reinsurance   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Banking Product net of losses on loans and claims   9,483   7,739   3,913   1,744   22.5   %   3,826   97.8   %
Other operating income (expenses)   (2,387   )   (1,948   )   (1,089   )   (439   )   22.5   %   (859   )   78.9   %
Non-interest expenses   (1,616   )   (1,522   )   (1,182   )   (94   )   6.2   %   (340   )   28.8   %
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and other   (771   )   (426   )   93   (345   )   81.0   %   (519   )   (558.1   )%
Income before income tax and social contribution   7,096   5,791   2,824   1,305   22.5   %   2,967   105.1   %
Income tax and social contribution   (1,237   )   (1,040   )   (74   )   (197   )   18.9   %   (966   )   1305.4   %
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (1   )   (14   )   (6   )   13   (92.9   )%   (8   )   133.3   %
Net income   5,858   4,737   2,744   1,121   23.7   %   1,993   72.6   %
Performance Measures
Efficiency Ratio   18.6   %   21.0   %   29.5   %
Risk Adjusted Efficiency Ratio   17.8   %   19.7   %   29.5   %
Balance Sheet Information
Loan, Lease and Other Credit Transactions   -   -   3,572
Total Assets   114,956   127,716   107,174

Activities with the Market and Corporation
segment includes the result from the investment of our excess capital, costs from our excess subordinated debt and the net balance
of tax assets and liabilities. It also includes the financial margin on market transactions, costs of treasury operations, equity
in the earnings of companies that are not linked to any segments, as well as adjustments related to minority shareholdings in subsidiaries
and our interest in Porto Seguro S.A.

In 2016, net income from Activities with
the Market and Corporation increased by 23.7% compared to the previous year. With positive effects on our net income, interest
margin increased by R$1,751 million or 23.3%.

This increase is a result of an increase
in the interest margin of R$3,923 million or 109.3%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the prior year (mainly due
to higher results on our treasury transactions undertaken for purposes of asset and liability management and proprietary portfolio
management). Non-interest expenses increased by 28.8% in 2015 compared to 2014.

Changes in cash flows

The following table sets forth the main variations in our cash
flows for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

For the Year Ended December 31,
Changes in Cash Flows   2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$)
Net cash from (used in) operating activities   30,311   (34,459   )   89,726
Net cash from (used in) investing activities   14,429   (361   )   2,676
Net cash from (used in) financing activities   (22,329   )   (8,529   )   (21,688   )
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   22,411   (43,350   )   70,714

In 2016, our net increase of R$22,411 million
in cash and cash equivalents was provided by R$30,311 million in operating activities, by R$14,429 million in investing activities
and by the use of R$22,329 million in financing activities.

Operating activities

In the year ended December 31, 2016, net
cash from operating activities was R$30,311 million as a result of decreases in securities purchased under agreements to resell,
in other tax assets and by the decrease in loan operations. There was also a decrease in funds from interbank markets partially
compensated by an increase in deposits received under securities repurchase agreements. In 2015, net cash used in operating activities
was R$34,459 million due to increases in financial assets held for trading, loan operations (as a result of the credit portfolio
increases) and securities purchased under agreements to resell. In 2014, the changes in cash flows from operating activities resulted
from a decrease in financial assets held for trading and an increase in deposits received under securities repurchase agreements,
partially offset by increases in loan operations. Management believes cash flows from operations, available cash balances and funds
from interbank markets will be sufficient to fund our operating liquidity needs.

Investing activities

In the year ended December 31, 2016 the
increase in cash from investing activities was related to CorpBanca’s consolidation as a result of the merger between our
subsidiary Banco Itaú Chile and CorpBanca in the second quarter of 2016 and due to the cash

A-
161

received
on the sale of available-for-sale financial assets. In 2015, the purchase of available-for-sale assets and purchase of held-to-maturity
financial assets were the main cause for the outflows in our cash flow from investing activities. In 2014, the sale of large risk
insurance operations and the sale of available-for-sale assets was the main cause for the inflows in our cash flow from investing
activities, offset by cash paid for the purchase of available-for-sale assets.

Financing activities

In the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014, the changes in cash flows from financing activities were primarily a result of an increase in redemptions of our subordinated
debt in institutional markets. Further, we paid dividends and interest on capital in the amount of R$ 7,673 million, R$7,008 million
and R$6,319 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In 2016, we purchased R$ 947 million in treasury shares compared to R$3,324
million in treasury shares in 2015, which both generated cash outflows of the same amounts.

Liquidity and capital resources

Our board of directors determines our policy
regarding liquidity risk management, and establishes broad quantitative liquidity risk management limits in line with our risk
appetite. CSRML, composed of members of senior management, is responsible for strategic liquidity risk management in line with
the board-approved liquidity risk framework and risk appetite. In establishing our guidelines, CSRML considers the liquidity implications
of each market segment and product. The institutional treasury unit of Itaú Unibanco Holding is responsible for day-to-day
management of the Itaú Unibanco Group’s liquidity profile, within the parameters set by the Board of Directors and
the CSRML. This includes an oversight responsibility with respect to all business units operating outside of Brazil.

We maintain separate liquidity pools at
our Brazilian operations and at each of our subsidiaries in Latin America and Europe. Our Brazilian operations include the financial
institutions in Brazil and the entities used by the Brazilian operations for funding and serving their clients abroad. Each subsidiary
in Latin America (e.g., in Chile, Argentina, Uruguay, Colombia and Paraguay) and in Europe has its own treasury function with appropriate
autonomy to manage liquidity according to local needs and regulations, while remaining in compliance with the liquidity limits
established by Itaú Unibanco Holding senior management. In general, there are rarely liquidity transfers between subsidiaries
or between the head office and a subsidiary, except under very specific circumstances (e.g., targeted capital increases). Brazil,
Argentina, United Kingdom and Colombia are the only countries in which we operate where local regulators have established minimum
liquidity levels.

CMN regulations also establish capital
conservation and countercyclical buffers for Brazilian financial institutions, and determines their minimum percentages as well
as which sanctions and limitations will apply in case of non-compliance with such additional requirements.

We define our consolidated group operational
liquidity reserve as the total amount of assets that can be rapidly turned into cash, based on local market practices and legal
restrictions. The operational liquidity reserve generally includes: cash and deposits on demand, funded positions of securities
purchased under agreements to resell and unencumbered government securities.

The following table presents our operational liquidity reserve
as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:

As of December 31,   2016 Average
Cash in Cash Flows   2016   2015   2014   Balance (1)
(In millions of R$)
Cash and deposits on demand   18,542   18,544   17,527   19,500
Funded positions of securities purchased under agreements to resell (2)   77,452   72,091   74,275   73,945
Unencumbered government securities   81,458   65,965   45,587   64,988
Operational reserve   174,627   156,600   137,389   158,433

(1)   Average calculated based on interim financial statements.

(2)   Net of R$4,329 (R$9,461 at 12/31/2015 and R$5,945 at 12/31/2014), which securities are restricted
to guarantee transactions at BM&FBovespa and the Central Bank.

Management controls our liquidity reserves
by projecting the resources that will be available for investment by our treasury department. The technique we employ involves
the statistical projection of scenarios for our assets and liabilities, considering the liquidity profiles of our counterparties.

Short-term minimum liquidity limits are
defined according to guidelines set by the CSRML. These limits aim to ensure that the Itaú Unibanco Group always has sufficient
liquidity available, sufficient to cover unforeseen market events. These limits are revised periodically, based on the projection
of cash needs in atypical market situations (i.e., stress scenarios).

Management of liquidity makes it possible
for us to simultaneously meet our operating requirements, protect our capital and exploit market opportunities. Our strategy is
to maintain adequate liquidity to meet our present and future financial obligations and to capitalize on business opportunities
as they arise.

We are exposed to effects of the disruptions
and volatility in the global financial markets and the economies in those countries where we do business, especially Brazil. However,
due to our stable sources of funding, which include a large deposit base, the large number of correspondent banks with which we
have long-standing relationships, as well as facilities in place which

A-
162

enable us to access further funding when required, we have
not historically experienced liquidity challenges, even during periods of disruption in the international financial markets.

For the Year Ended December 31,
2016   2015   2014
Average deposits and borrowings   Average balance   % of total   Average balance   % of total   Average balance   % of total
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest-bearing liabilities   969,461   81.9   %   875,904   81.2   %   793,069   82.4
Interest-bearing deposits   244,121   20.6   %   236,314   21.9   %   233,999   24.3
Savings deposits   106,838   9.0   %   114,500   10.6   %   111,473   11.6
Interbank deposits   7,304   0.6   %   19,633   1.8   %   6,131   0.6
Time deposits   129,979   11.0   %   102,182   9.5   %   116,395   12.1
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   339,416   28.7   %   297,509   27.6   %   266,527   27.7
Interbank market debt and Institutional market debt   240,563   20.4   %   219,463   20.3   %   183,981   19.1
Interbank market debt   144,968   12.2   %   134,637   12.5   %   113,522   11.8
Institutional market debt   95,595   8.1   %   84,826   7.9   %   70,459   7.3
Reserves for insurance private pension and liabilities for capitalization plans   144,387   12.2   %   121,856   11.3   %   107,880   11.2
Other Interest-bearing liabilities   974   0.1   %   761   0.1   %   682   0.1
Non-interest-bearing liabilities   214,024   18.1   %   203,377   18.8   %   169,247   17.6
Non-interest bearing deposits   61,895   5.2   %   54,148   5.0   %   43,840   4.6
Derivatives   29,752   2.5   %   29,488   2.7   %   13,107   1.4
Other non-interest bearing liabilities   122,377   10.3   %   119,740   11.1   %   112,300   11.7
Total   1,183,485   100.0   1,079,280   100.0   962,315   100.0

Our main sources of funding are interest-bearing
deposits, deposits received under repurchase agreements, on-lending from government financial institutions, lines of credit with
foreign banks and the issuance of securities abroad. Please refer to section Performance, item Consolidated Financial Statements,
Note 17 – Deposits for further details about funding.

We may from time to time seek to retire
or purchase our outstanding debt, including our subordinated notes (subject to the approval of the Central Bank), and senior notes,
through cash purchases in the open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any,
will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. Notes repurchased
may be held, cancelled or resold and any resale thereof will only be in compliance with applicable requirements or exemptions under
the relevant securities laws.

Some of our long-term debt provides for
acceleration of the outstanding principal balance upon the occurrence of specified events, which are events ordinarily found in
long-term financing agreements. Up to December 31, 2016, none of these events, including any events of default or failure to satisfy
financial covenants, have occurred.

Under Brazilian law, cash dividends may
only be paid if the subsidiary paying such dividends has reported a profit in its financial statements. In addition, subsidiaries
that are financial institutions are prohibited from making loans to Itaú Unibanco Holding, but they are allowed to make
deposits in Itaú Unibanco Holding, which represent interbank certificates of deposit (
Certificado de Depósito
Interbancário
). These restrictions have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on our ability to meet
our cash obligations.

Seasonality

Generally our retail banking and our credit
card businesses have some seasonality, with increased levels of retail and credit card transactions during the Christmas season
and a subsequent decrease of these levels at the beginning of the year. In addition, there is a certain seasonality at the end
of the year in our pension plan business, when the thirteenth salaries are paid. We also have some seasonality in our banking service
fees related to collection services at the beginning of the year, which is when taxes and other fiscal contributions are generally
paid.

Information on trends

We expect many factors to affect our future results of operations,
liquidity and capital resources, including:

•   the Brazilian economic environment (please refer to section context, item Macroeconomic Context,
Brazilian Context and section Our risk management, item Risk factors, Macroeconomic risks for further details);

•   legal and regulatory developments (please refer to section Context, item Macroeconomic context,
Brazilian context, section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment and section Our risk management, item Risk factors,
Legal and regulatory risks for further details);

•   the effects of any ongoing international financial turmoil, including on the liquidity and capital
required (please refer to section Context, item Macroeconomic context, Global context, section Our risk management, item Regulatory
environment and section Our risk management, item Risk factors, Macroeconomic risks for further details);

A-
163

•   the inflation effects on the result of our operations (please refer to section Context, item Macroeconomic
context, Brazilian context and section Our risk management, item Risk factors, Macroeconomic risks, inflation and fluctuations
in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on us, for further details);

•   the effects of the variations in the value of the Brazilian real , foreign exchange rates
and interest rates on our net interest income (please refer to section Performance, item Financial performance, Results, and section
Our risk management, item Risk factors, Macroeconomic risks, for further details); and

•   any acquisitions we may make in the future (please refer to section Our risk management, item Risk
factors, The integration of acquired or merged businesses involves certain risks that may have a material adverse effect on us
for further details).

As part of our strategy, we continue to
review growth opportunities, both in Brazil and outside of Brazil. Additionally, please refer to section Our risk management, item
Risk factors for comments on the risks faced in our operations and that could affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

A-
164

Complete Financial Statements (IFRS)

The following financial statements, together with the report of
the independent auditor, are part of this annual report:

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   F-1
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016 and 2015   F-4
Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014   F-6
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014   F-7
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014   F-8
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014   F-9
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   F-10

Management´s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting

The management of Itaú Unibanco Holding
S.A is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company.

The company’s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The company’s internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and disposals of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to allow for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those controls determined to be effective
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or a decline in the level of compliance with policies
or procedures may occur.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria
set forth in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its evaluation and those criteria, our management has concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.

In connection with the evaluation required
by the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d), our management, concluded that the changes that occurred during the year ended December 31,
2016 have not materially affected, or are not reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.

By:   /s/ Roberto Egydio Setubal   By:   /s/ Caio Ibrahim David
Name:  Roberto Egydio Setubal   Name:  Caio Ibrahim David
Title:  Chief Executive Officer   Title:  Chief Financial Officer

A signed original copy of this report has been
provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request.

Date: April 20, 2017

F- 1

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders

Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders’ equity
and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and its subsidiaries
at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework
2013
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management
is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.

Our responsibility is to express opinions
on these financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

F- 2

A company’s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company. (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers

PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes

São Paulo, Brazil

April 20, 2017

F- 3

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Balance Sheet

(In millions of Reais)

Note   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Assets
Cash and deposits on demand   4   18,542   18,544
Central Bank compulsory deposits   5   85,700   66,556
Interbank deposits   6   22,692   30,525
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   6   265,051   254,404
Financial assets held for trading   7a   204,648   164,311
Pledged as collateral   12,950   11,008
Other   191,698   153,303
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   7b   1,191   642
Derivatives   8 and 9   24,231   26,755
Available-for-sale financial assets   10   88,277   86,045
Pledged as collateral   17,435   16,706
Other   70,842   69,339
Held-to-maturity financial assets   11   40,495   42,185
Pledged as collateral   11,778   9,460
Other   28,717   32,725
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio, net   12   463,394   447,404
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio   490,366   474,248
(-) Allowance for loan and lease losses   (26,972   )   (26,844   )
Other financial assets   20a   53,917   53,506
Investments in associates and joint ventures   13   5,073   4,399
Goodwill   3   9,675   2,057
Fixed assets, net   15   8,042   8,541
Intangible assets, net   16   7,381   6,295
Tax assets   44,274   52,149
Income tax and social contribution - current   2,703   2,088
Income tax and social contribution - deferred   27b   37,395   47,453
Other   4,176   2,608
Assets held for sale   36.7   631   486
Other assets   20a   10,027   11,611
Total assets   1,353,241   1,276,415

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F- 4

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Balance Sheet

(In millions of Reais)

Note   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Liabilities and stockholders' equity
Deposits   17   329,414   292,610
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   19a   349,164   336,643
Financial liabilities held for trading   18   519   412
Derivatives   8 and 9   24,698   31,071
Interbank market debt   19a   135,483   156,886
Institutional market debt   19b   96,239   93,918
Other financial liabilities   20b   71,832   68,715
Reserves for insurance and private pension   30c ll   154,076   129,305
Liabilities for capitalization plans   3,147   3,044
Provisions   32   20,909   18,994
Tax liabilities   5,836   4,971
Income tax and social contribution - current   1,741   2,364
Income tax and social contribution - deferred   27b II   643   370
Other   3,452   2,237
Other liabilities   20b   27,110   25,787
Total liabilities   1,218,427   1,162,356
Capital   21a   97,148   85,148
Treasury shares   21a   (1,882   )   (4,353   )
Additional paid-in capital   21c   1,785   1,733
Appropriated reserves   21d   3,443   10,067
Unappropriated reserves   21e   25,362   20,947
Cumulative other comprehensive income   (3,274   )   (1,290   )
Total stockholders’ equity attributed to the owners of the parent company   122,582   112,252
Non-controlling interests   21f   12,232   1,807
Total stockholders’ equity   134,814   114,059
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity   1,353,241   1,276,415

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F- 5

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Statement
of Income

Periods ended

(In millions of Reais, except for number of shares and
earnings per share information)

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
Note   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Banking product   118,661   92,011   91,657
Interest and similar income   23a   161,495   147,789   120,115
Interest and similar expense   23b   (95,126   )   (75,064   )   (72,977   )
Dividend income   288   98   215
Net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives   23c   7,311   (11,862   )   (724   )
Foreign exchange results and exchange variations on transactions   5,513   (6,353   )   9,644
Banking service fees   24   31,918   29,452   26,342
Income related to insurance, private pension and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   5,880   6,672   6,888
Income related to insurance and private pension   30b III   24,849   22,634   22,797
Reinsurance Premiums   30b III   (94   )   (89   )   (1,031   )
Change in reserves for insurance and private pension   (19,490   )   (16,460   )   (15,436   )
Revenue from capitalization plans   615   587   558
Other income   25   1,382   1,279   2,154
Losses on loans and claims   (22,122   )   (21,335   )   (15,801   )
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   12b   (24,379   )   (24,517   )   (18,832   )
Recovery of loans written-off as loss   3,742   4,779   5,054
Expenses for claims   (1,555   )   (1,611   )   (2,430   )
Recovery of claims under reinsurance   70   14   407
Banking product net of losses on loans and claims   96,539   70,676   75,856
Other operating income (expenses)   (58,347   )   (52,411   )   (47,048   )
General and administrative expenses   26   (50,904   )   (47,626   )   (42,550   )
Tax expenses   (7,971   )   (5,405   )   (5,063   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   13   528   620   565
Income before income tax and social contribution   27   38,192   18,265   28,808
Current income tax and social contribution   (3,898   )   (8,965   )   (7,209   )
Deferred income tax and social contribution   (10,712   )   16,856   262
Net income   23,582   26,156   21,861
Net income attributable to owners of the parent company   28   23,263   25,740   21,555
Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests   21f   319   416   306
Earnings per share - basic   28
Common   3.57   3.91   3.26
Preferred   3.57   3.91   3.26
Earnings per share - diluted   28
Common   3.54   3.89   3.24
Preferred   3.54   3.89   3.24
Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic   28
Common   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143
Preferred   3,171,215,661   3,228,881,081   3,266,347,063
Weighted average number of shares outstanding - diluted   28
Common   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143
Preferred   3,216,235,372   3,270,734,307   3,305,545,129

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F- 6

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

Periods
ended

(In millions of Reais)

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
Note   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Net income   23,582   26,156   21,861
Available-for-sale financial assets   2,040   (2,171   )   583
Change in fair value   2,780   (6,518   )   20
Income tax effect   (1,251   )   2,659   14
(Gains) / losses transferred to income statement   23c   851   2,812   915
Income tax effect   (340   )   (1,124   )   (366   )
Hedge   (697   )   (1,739   )   (143   )
Cash flow hedge   9   (2,815   )   1,148   336
Change in fair value   (5,041   )   2,104   644
Income tax effect   2,226   (956   )   (308   )
Hedge of net investment in foreign operation   9   2,118   (2,887   )   (479   )
Change in fair value   3,760   (5,134   )   (830   )
Income tax effect   (1,642   )   2,247   351
Remeasurements of liabilities for post-employment benefits (*)   (590   )   (48   )   202
Remeasurements   29   (1,048   )   (68   )   332
Income tax effect   458   20   (130   )
Foreign exchange differences on foreign investments   (2,737   )   3,099   440
Total comprehensive income   21,598   25,297   22,943
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests   319   416   306
Comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the parent company   21,279   24,881   22,637

(*) Amounts that will not be subsequently reclassified
to income.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements.

F- 7

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity
(Notes 21 and 22)

Periods ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014

(In millions of Reais)

Attributed to owners of the parent company
Other comprehensive
    income   Total   Total
Capital   Treasury shares   Additional paid-in capital   Appropriated reserves   Unappropriated reserves   Retained earnings   Available for sale (1)   Remeasurements
    of liabilities of post- employment benefits   Cumulative translation adjustments abroad   Gains
    and losses – hedge (2)   stockholders’ equity – owners of the parent company   stockholders’ equity – non- controlling interests   Total
Balance at 01/01/2014   60,000   (1,854   )   984   13,468   12,138   -   (1,183   )   (379   )   1,283   (1,234   )   83,223   969   84,192
Transactions with owners   15,000   526   524   (12,053   )   -   (7,344   )   -   -   -   -   (3,347   )   82   (3,265   )
Capital increase - Statutory
    Reserve   15,000   -   -   (15,000   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Treasury shares - granting of stock options -
    exercised options   -   526   223   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   749   -   749
Granting of stock options – exercised
    options   -   561   (26   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   535   -   535
Acquisition of treasury shares (Note 21a)   -   (35   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (35   )   -   (35   )
Granted options recognized   -   -   249   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   249   -   249
Share-based payment – variable compensation   -   -   301   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   301   -   301
(Increase) / Reduction of interest of controlling
    stockholders (Note 2.4a I and 3a)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   167   167
Dividends / interest on capital  –
    Special profit reserve (Note 21b)   -   -   -   2,947   -   (7,344   )   -   -   -   -   (4,397   )   (85   )   (4,482   )
Dividends / Interest on capital paid in 2014
    - Year 2013 - Special profit reserve   -   -   -   (2,597   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (2,597   )   -   (2,597   )
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a III)   -   -   -   (639   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (639   )   -   (639   )
Other   -   -   -   (17   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (17   )   -   (17   )
Total comprehensive income   -   -   -   -   -   21,555   583   202   440   (143   )   22,637   306   22,943
Net income   -   -   -   -   -   21,555   -   -   -   -   21,555   306   21,861
Other comprehensive income for the period   -   -   -   -   -   -   583   202   440   (143   )   1,082   -   1,082
Appropriations:
Legal reserve   -   -   -   870   -   (870   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Statutory reserve   -   -   -   9,178   4,163   (13,341   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Balance at 12/31/2014   75,000   (1,328   )   1,508   8,210   16,301   -   (600   )   (177   )   1,723   (1,377   )   99,260   1,357   100,617
Change in the period   15,000   526   524   (5,258   )   4,163   -   583   202   440   (143   )   16,037   388   16,425
Balance at 01/01/2015   75,000   (1,328   )   1,508   8,210   16,301   -   (600   )   (177   )   1,723   (1,377   )   99,260   1,357   100,617
Transactions with owners   10,148   (3,025   )   225   (7,445   )   -   (8,207   )   -   -   -   -   (8,304   )   34   (8,270   )
Capital increase - Statutory Reserve   10,148   -   -   (10,148   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Treasury shares - granting of stock options   -   (3,025   )   101   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (2,924   )   -   (2,924   )
Granting of stock options – exercised
    options   -   299   45   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   344   -   344
Acquisition of treasury shares (Note 21a)   -   (3,324   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (3,324   )   -   (3,324   )
Granted options recognized   -   -   56   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   56   -   56
Share-based payment – variable compensation   -   -   124   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   124   -   124
(Increase) / Reduction of interest of controlling
    stockholders (Note 2.4a I and 3)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   276   276
Dividends and interest on
    capital - Statutory Reserve (Note 21b)   -   -   -   2,703   -   (8,207   )   -   -   -   -   (5,504   )   (242   )   (5,746   )
Dividends / Interest on capital paid in 2015
    - Year 2014 - Special profit reserve   -   -   -   (2,936   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (2,936   )   -   (2,936   )
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a III)   -   -   -   (639   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (639   )   -   (639   )
Other   -   -   -   -   (10   )   -   -   -   -   -   (10   )   -   (10   )
Total comprehensive income   -   -   -   -   -   25,740   (2,171   )   (48   )   3,099   (1,739   )   24,881   416   25,297
Net income   -   -   -   -   -   25,740   -   -   -   -   25,740   416   26,156
Other comprehensive income for the period   -   -   -   -   -   -   (2,171   )   (48   )   3,099   (1,739   )   (859   )   -   (859   )
Appropriations:
Legal reserve   -   -   -   1,054   -   (1,054   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Statutory reserve   -   -   -   11,823   4,656   (16,479   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Balance at 12/31/2015   85,148   (4,353   )   1,733   10,067   20,947   -   (2,771   )   (225   )   4,822   (3,116   )   112,252   1,807   114,059
Change in the period   10,148   (3,025   )   225   1,857   4,646   -   (2,171   )   (48   )   3,099   (1,739   )   12,992   450   13,442
Balance at 01/01/2016   85,148   (4,353   )   1,733   10,067   20,947   -   (2,771   )   (225   )   4,822   (3,116   )   112,252   1,807   114,059
Transactions with owners   12,000   2,471   52   (9,620   )   -   (11,574   )   -   -   -   -   (6,671   )   10,106   3,435
Capital increase - Statutory
    Reserve   12,000   -   -   (12,000   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Treasury shares - granting of stock options   -   2,471   39   (2,670   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (160   )   -   (160   )
Granting of stock options – exercised
    options   -   748   (17   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   731   -   731
Acquisition of treasury shares (Note 21a)   -   (947   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (947   )   -   (947   )
Cancellation of shares - ESM of April 27, 2016 – Approved
    on June 7, 2016   -   2,670   -   (2,670   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Granted options recognized   -   -   56   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   56   -   56
Share-based payment – variable compensation   -   -   13   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   13   -   13
(Increase) / Reduction of interest of controlling
    stockholders (Note 2.4a I and 3)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   10,199   10,199
Dividends / interest on capital  –
    Special profit reserve (Note 21b)   -   -   -   5,050   -   (11,574   )   -   -   -   -   (6,524   )   (93   )   (6,617   )
Dividends / Interest on capital paid in 2016
    - Year 2015 - Special profit reserve   -   -   -   (2,697   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (2,697   )   -   (2,697   )
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a III)   -   -   -   (1,586   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (1,586   )   -   (1,586   )
Other   -   -   -   -   5   -   -   -   -   -   5   -   5
Total comprehensive income   -   -   -   -   -   23,263   2,040   (590   )   (2,737   )   (697   )   21,279   319   21,598
Net income   -   -   -   -   -   23,263   -   -   -   -   23,263   319   23,582
Other comprehensive income for the period   -   -   -   -   -   -   2,040   (590   )   (2,737   )   (697   )   (1,984   )   -   (1,984   )
Appropriations:
Legal reserve   -   -   -   943   -   (943   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Statutory reserve   -   -   -   6,336   4,410   (10,746   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Balance at 12/31/2016   97,148   (1,882   )   1,785   3,443   25,362   -   (731   )   (815   )   2,085   (3,813   )   122,582   12,232   134,814
Change in the period   12,000   2,471   52   (6,624   )   4,415   -   2,040   (590   )   (2,737   )   (697   )   10,330   10,425   20,755

(1)
Includes Share of other comprehensive income in associates and joint ventures – Available-for-sale financial assets.

(2)
Includes Cash flow hedge and hedge of net investment in foreign operation.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.

F- 8

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

(In millions of Reais)

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
Note   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Adjusted net income   97,507   56,881   58,231
Net income   23,582   26,156   21,861
Adjustments to net income:   73,925   30,725   36,370
Granted options recognized and share-based payment – variable compensation   69   180   550
Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   17,941   (9,681   )   1,186
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   12b   24,379   24,517   18,832
Interest and foreign exchange expense from operations with subordinated debt   942   15,409   7,879
Change in reserves for insurance and private pension   19,490   16,460   15,436
Revenue from capitalization plans   (615   )   (587   )   (558   )
Depreciation and amortization   15 and 16   3,233   2,828   2,544
Interest expense from provision for contingent and legal liabilities   1,610   1,479   1,019
Provision for contingent and legal liabilities   4,246   3,948   3,380
Interest income related to escrow deposits   (383   )   (285   )   (377   )
Deferred taxes (excluding hedge tax effects)   27b   4,172   (1,869   )   (262   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   (528   )   (620   )   (565   )
(Gain) loss on available-for-sale securities   23c   851   2,812   915
Interest and foreign exchange income related to available-for-sale financial assets   (1,719   )   (16,941   )   (9,012   )
Interest and foreign exchange income related to held-to-maturity financial assets   (185   )   (6,821   )   (3,517   )
(Gain) loss on sale of assets held for sale   25 and 26   124   36   35
(Gain) loss on sale of investments   25 and 26   (69   )   43   14
(Gain) loss on sale of fixed assets   25 and 26   (14   )   11   41
(Gain) loss from sale of investment of ISSC   -   -   (1,151   )
Other   381   (194   )   (19   )
Change in assets and liabilities (*)   (67,196   )   (91,340   )   31,495
(Increase) decrease in assets   (30,405   )   (149,459   )   8,195
Interbank deposits   521   3,308   12,099
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   2,675   (88,250   )   11,327
Compulsory deposits with the Central Bank of Brazil   (20,390   )   (2,762   )   13,893
Financial assets held for trading   (34,950   )   (31,056   )   26,073
Derivatives (assets / liabilities)   (4,047   )   3,008   4,525
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   (655   )   435   (303   )
Loan operations   23,416   (28,103   )   (42,309   )
Financial assets   881   2,476   (35,546   )
Other tax assets   5,262   (15,037   )   1,203
Other assets   (3,118   )   6,522   17,233
(Decrease) increase in liabilities   (36,791   )   58,119   23,300
Deposits   (18,136   )   (16,696   )   (4,353   )
Deposits received under securities repurchase agreements   8,534   47,833   22,013
Financial liabilities held for trading   206   (434   )   47
Funds from interbank markets   (27,017   )   33,199   3,946
Other financial liabilities   1,915   (5,222   )   4,711
Technical reserve for insurance and private pension   5,141   3,067   (383   )
Liabilities for capitalization plans   718   621   536
Provisions   (2,993   )   (2,005   )   (4,852   )
Tax liabilities   6,359   6,931   8,119
Other liabilities   (5,095   )   (2,693   )   1,237
Payment of income tax and social contribution   (6,423   )   (6,482   )   (7,721   )
Net cash from (used in) operating activities   30,311   (34,459   )   89,726
Interest on capital / dividends received from investments in associates and joint ventures   287   243   213
Cash received on sale of available-for-sale financial assets   18,760   12,214   60,768
Cash received from redemption of held-to-maturity financial assets   3,473   3,160   2,667
Cash upon sale of assets held for sale   336   123   68
Cash upon sale of investments  in  associates and joint ventures   69   (43   )   (14   )
Cash and cash equivalents, net of assets and liabilities due from CorpBanca acquisition   3   5,869   -   -
Cash and cash equivalents, net of assets and liabilities due from Recovery acquisition   3   (714   )   -   -
Cash and cash equivalents, net assets and liabilities due from BMG Seguradora acquisition   3a   -   -   (88   )
Cash and cash equivalents, net assets and liabilities due from ISSC sale   -   -   1,474
Cash upon sale of fixed assets   15   109   104   62
Cash upon sale of intangible assets   16   10   69   222
Purchase of available-for-sale financial assets   (9,959   )   (9,516   )   (46,165   )
Purchase of held-to-maturity financial assets   (1,363   )   (4,090   )   (11,322   )
Purchase of investments in associates and joint ventures   13   (381   )   (0   )   (10   )
Purchase of fixed assets   15   (991   )   (1,466   )   (3,966   )
(Cash upon sale) Purchase of intangible assets / Goodwill   16   (1,076   )   (1,158   )   (1,232   )
Net cash from (used in) investing activities   14,429   (361   )   2,676
Funding from institutional markets   4,864   6,667   207
Redemptions in institutional markets   (18,198   )   (5,242   )   (16,158   )
(Acquisition) / Disposal of interest of non-controlling stockholders   (1,013   )   276   167
Granting of stock options – exercised options   731   344   535
Purchase of treasury shares   (947   )   (3,324   )   (35   )
Dividends and interest on capital paid to non-controlling interests   (93   )   (242   )   (85   )
Dividends and interest on capital paid   (7,673   )   (7,008   )   (6,319   )
Net cash from (used in) financing activities   (22,329   )   (8,529   )   (21,688   )
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   2.4c and 4   22,411   (43,350   )   70,714
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period   4   91,649   125,318   55,790
Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   (17,941   )   9,681   (1,186   )
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period   4   96,119   91,649   125,318
Additional information on cash flow
Interest received   168,708   136,277   117,079
Interest paid   79,227   58,436   67,559
Non -cash transactions
Loans transferred to assets held for sale   -   -   -
Dividends and interest on capital declared and not yet paid   2,869   2,458   2,270

(*) Includes the amounts of interest received and
paid as shown above.

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F- 9

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for balance sheet
accounts and

From January 1 to December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 for income
statement accounts

(In millions of Reais, except information per share)

Note 1 - Overview

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A. (ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING) is a publicly-held company, organized and existing under the Laws of Brazil. The head office of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING is located at Praça Alfredo Egydio de Souza Aranha, n° 100, in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING provides a wide
range of financial products and services to individual and corporate clients in Brazil and abroad, whether these clients have Brazilian
links or not through its international branches, subsidiaries and affiliates.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is a
holding company controlled by Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. (“IUPAR”), a holding company
which owns 51% of our common shares, and which is jointly controlled by (i) Itaúsa Investimentos Itaú S.A.,
(“Itaúsa”), a holding company controlled by members of the Egydio de Souza Aranha family, and (ii)
Companhia E. Johnston de Participações (“E. Johnston”), a holding company controlled by the Moreira
Salles family. Itaúsa also directly holds 38.7% of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING common shares.

As described in Note 34, the operations of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are divided into three operating and reportable segments: (1) Retail Banking, which comprises the
retail and high net worth clients (Itaú Uniclass and Personnalité) and the corporate segment (very small and small
companies); (2) Wholesale Banking, which covers the wholesale products and services for middle-market and large companies, as well
as the investment banking, in addition to the activities of the Latin America unit and (3) Activities with the Market + Corporation,
which mainly manages the financial results associated with capital surplus, subordinated debt, and net debt of tax credits and
debits of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Executive
Board on February 6, 2017.

F- 10

Note 2 – Significant accounting policies

2.1.   Basis of preparation

These Consolidated Financial Statements
of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING were prepared taking into account the requirements and guidelines set out by the National Monetary
Council (CMN), which established that as from December 31, 2010 annual Consolidated Financial Statements are to be prepared in
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as approved by the International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB).

In the preparation of these consolidated
financial statements, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING adopted the criteria for recognition, measurement and disclosure established
in the IFRS and the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC).

The Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows shows the changes in cash and cash equivalents during the period, arising from operating, investing, and financing activities,
and include highly-liquid investments (Note 2.4c).

Cash flows from operating activities
are presented under the indirect method. Consolidated net income is adjusted for non-monetary items, such as measurement gains
and losses, changes in provisions and in receivables and liabilities balances. All income and expense arising from non-monetary
transactions, attributable to investing and financing activities, are eliminated. Interest received or paid are classified as operating
cash flows.

Management believes that the information
included in these Consolidated Financial Statements is relevant and a faithful representation of the information used in the management
of the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

2.2.   New accounting standards and new accounting standards changes and interpretations

a)   Accounting standards applicable for period ended December 31, 2016

·   IASB Annual Improvement Cycle (2012-2014)
– Annually IASB makes minor amendments to a series of pronouncements to clarify the standards and avoid double interpretation.
In this cycle IFRS 5 – “Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations”, IFRS 7 – “Financial
Instruments: Disclosures”, IAS 19 – “Employee Benefits”, and IAS 34 – “Interim Financial Reporting”
were reviewed. Effective for annual periods beginning on January 1, 2016. No material impacts arising from this change on the consolidated
financial statements of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING were identified.

·   Amendment to IFRS 11 – “Joint
Arrangement” – The change establishes criteria for recognition of acquisition of joint operations, which activity constitutes
one business, according to the methodology established in IFRS 3 – Business Combinations. Effective for the years beginning
on January 1, 2016 and early adoption is permitted by IASB. Impacts of this change will occur only if there is an acquisition of
a joint operation that constitutes a business.

·   Amendment to IAS 16 – “Property,
Plant and Equipment” and IAS 38 “Intangible Assets” – The amendment clarifies the base principle for depreciation
and amortization as being the expected standard of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset. Effective for
annual periods beginning on January 1, 2016, with early adoption permitted by IASB. No material impacts arising from this amendment
were identified for the consolidated financial statements of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

·   Amendment to IAS 1 – “Presentation
of Financial Statements” – The amendments are aimed at encouraging companies to identify which information is sufficiently
material to be disclosed in the financial statements. It also clarifies that materiality is applicable to the full set of financial
statements, including the notes to the financial statements, and it is applicable to any and all disclosure requirements of the
IFRS standards. Effective for periods beginning on January 1, 2016. Main effects identified are related to the disclosure of accounting
policies and judgment of materiality in the notes to the financial statements.

·   Amendments to IAS 28, IFRS 10 and IFRS
12: “Investment Entities: Applying Consolidation Exception”: This document comprises guidance for applying the Investment
Entities concept. Effective for annual periods beginning on January 1, 2016. No material impacts arising from this change on the
consolidated financial statements of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING were identified.

F- 11

b)   Accounting standards recently issued and applicable in future periods

The following pronouncements will
become applicable for periods after the date of these consolidated financial statements and were not early adopted:

·   IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments –
This standard replaces IAS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. IFRS 9 applies to financial instruments
and will be adopted retrospectively at its effective date, on January 1, 2018. This standard is structured to cover the pillars
(I) classification and measurement of financial assets (II) impairment, and (III) hedge accounting. Among the amendments, the items
below may have the most significant impacts:

(I)   Classification and measurement of financial assets: the classification of financial assets should
depend on two criteria: the entity´s business model for managing its financial assets and the characteristics of the contractual
cash flow of financial assets.

(II)   Impairment: The new standards introduced the expected loss approach and classification into three
phases.

(III)   Hedge accounting: The hedge accounting requirements are closed aligned with risk management and
should be applied on a prospective basis.

IFRS 9 is in process of implementation
by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, and an evaluation of the possible impacts resulting from the adoption of this standard has been
conducted and will be completed through its effective date. The adoption of the expected loss in relation to the incurred loss
approach is likely to require an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses since the recognition of losses will be anticipated.
The finance, risks, and technology departments as well as Management are involved in the implementation process.

·   IFRS 15 – “Revenue from Contracts
with Customers” – The pronouncement replaces IAS 18 and IAS 11, as well as interpretations related thereto (IFRICs
13, 15 and 18). It requires that revenue is recognized in a way that shows the transfer of assets or services to the client for
an amount that reflects the company’s expectation of having in consideration the rights to these assets or services. ITAU
UNIBANCO HOLDING will adopt IFRS 15 retrospectively only for contracts with remaining obligations until the date this standard
comes into effect. Other effects should be adjusted with a counter-entry to Retained Earnings (Losses). This standard is effective
for annual periods beginning on January 1, 2018. No material impacts arising from the adoption of this standard were identified.

·   IFRS 16 – “Leases” –
The pronouncement replaces IAS 17 - Leases, and related interpretations (IFRIC 4, SIC 15 and SIC 27). It eliminates the accounting
for operating lease agreements for the lessee, presenting only one lease model, that consists of: (a) recognizing leases which
terms exceeds 12 months and with substantial amounts; (b) initially recognizing lease in assets and liabilities at present value;
and (c) recognizing depreciation and interest from lease separately in the result. For the lessor, accounting will continue to
be segregated between operating and financial lease. This standard is effective for annual periods beginning on January 1, 2019.
Possible impacts arising from the adoption of this standard are being assessed and will be completed by the date this standard
is effective.

·   Amendment to IFRS 10 – “Consolidated
Financial Statements” and IAS 28 – “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures” – The amendments
refer to an inconsistency between IFRS 10 and IAS 28 requirements, when addressing the sale or contribution of assets between an
investor and its associate or joint venture. The effective date has not been defined by IASB yet. No material impacts arising from
this change on the consolidated financial statements of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING were identified.

F- 12

2.3.   Critical accounting estimates and judgments

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, and contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as
the reported amounts of revenue, expenses, gains, and losses over the reporting and subsequent periods, because actual results
may differ from those determined in accordance with such estimates and assumptions.

2.3.1 Critical accounting estimates

All estimates and assumptions made
by Management are in accordance with IFRS and represent the current best estimates made in compliance with the applicable standards.
Estimates are evaluated continuously, considering past experience and other factors.

The Consolidated Financial Statements
reflect a variety of estimates and assumptions. The critical accounting estimates and assumptions that have the most significant
impact on the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities are described below:

a)   Allowance for loan and lease losses

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING periodically
reviews its portfolio of loans and receivables to evaluate the existence of impairment.

In order to determine the amount
of the allowance for loan and lease losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income with respect to certain receivables or group
of receivables, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING exercises its judgment to determine whether objective evidence indicates that an event
of loss has occurred. This evidence may include observable data that indicates that an adverse change has occurred in the cash
flows received in relation to those expected from the counterparty or the existence of a change in local or international economic
conditions that correlates with impairment. The methodology and assumptions used for estimating future cash flows are regularly
reviewed by Management, considering the adequacy of models and sufficiency of provision volumes in view of the experience of incurred
loss.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses
statistical models to calculate the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses in the homogeneous loan portfolio. ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING periodically carries out procedures to improve these estimates by aligning the required provisions to the levels of losses
observed by the historical behavior (as described in Note 2.4d X). This alignment aims at ensuring that the volume of allowances
reflects the current economic conditions, the composition of the loan portfolios, the quality of guarantees obtained and the profile
of our clients.

Methodology and assumptions used
by Management are detailed in Note 2.4d X. Allowance for loan losses is detailed in Note 12b.

b)   Deferred income tax and social contribution

As explained in Note 2.4k, Deferred
tax assets are recognized only in relation to temporary differences and tax assets and loss for offset to the extent it is probable
that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING will generate future taxable profit for its use. The expected realization of deferred tax assets
is based on the projection of future taxable profits and technical studies, as disclosed in Note 27.

c)   Fair value of financial instruments, including derivatives

The fair value of financial instruments
is measured recurrently, in conformity with the requirements of IAS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.
The fair value of financial instruments, including derivatives that are not traded in active markets, is determined by using valuation
techniques. This calculation is based on assumptions that take into consideration Management’s judgment based on market information
and conditions in place at the balance sheet date.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING ranks
fair value measurements using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of inputs used in the measurement process.

F- 13

The fair value of financial instruments,
including Derivatives, as well as the fair value hierarchy, are detailed in Note 31.

The team in charge of the pricing
of assets, in accordance with the governance defined by the committee and regulatory circulars, carries out critical analyses of
the information extracted from the market and from time to time reassesses the long term of indexes. At the end of the monthly
closings, the areas meet for a new round of analyses for the maintenance of the classification in connection with the fair value
hierarchy. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING believes that all methodologies adopted are appropriate and consistent with market participants.
Regardless of this fact, the adoption of other methodologies or use of different assumptions to estimate fair values may result
in different fair value estimates.

The methodologies used to estimate
the fair value of certain financial instruments are described in Note 31.

d)   Defined benefit pension plan

The current amount of pension plan
obligations is obtained from actuarial calculations that use a set of assumptions. Among the assumptions used for estimating the
net cost (income) of these plans is the discount rate. Any changes in these assumptions will affect the carrying amount of pension
plan assets and liabilities.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING determines
the appropriate discount rate at the end of each year, which is used for determining the present value of estimated future cash
outflows necessary for settling the pension plan liabilities. In order to determine the appropriate discount rate, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING considers the interest rates of the Brazilian federal government bonds that are denominated in Brazilian Reais,
the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have maturity terms approximating the terms of the related liabilities.

The main assumptions on Pension
plan obligations are based on, in part, current market conditions. Additional information is disclosed in Note 29.

e)   Provisions, contingencies and other commitments

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING periodically
reviews its contingencies. These contingencies are evaluated based on Management´s best estimates, taking into account the
opinion of legal counsel when there is a likelihood that financial resources will be required to settle the obligations and the
amounts may be reasonably estimated.

Contingencies classified as probable
losses are recognized in the Balance Sheet under Provisions.

Contingent amounts are measured
using appropriate models and criteria, despite the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate timing and amounts, as detailed in Note
32.

Provisions, contingencies and other
commitments are detailed in Note 32.

f)   Technical provisions for insurance and pension plan

Technical provisions are liabilities
arising from obligations of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING to its policyholders and participants. These obligations may be short
term liabilities (property and casualty insurance) or medium and long term liabilities (life insurance and pension plans).

The determination of the actuarial
liability is subject to several uncertainties inherent in the coverage of insurance and pension contracts, such as assumptions
of persistence, mortality, disability, life expectancy, morbidity, expenses, frequency and severity of claims, conversion of benefits
into annuities, redemptions and return on assets.

The estimates for these assumptions
are based on the historical experience of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, benchmarks and experience of the actuary, in order to comply
with best market practices and the continuous review of the actuarial liability. The adjustments resulting from these continuous
improvements, when necessary, are recognized in the statement of income for the corresponding period.

Additional information is described
in Note 30.

F- 14

2.3.2   Critical judgments in accounting policies

a)   Goodwill

The impairment test for goodwill
involves estimates and significant judgments, including the identification of cash generation units and the allocation of goodwill
to such units based on the expectations of which ones will benefit from the acquisition. Determining the expected cash flows and
a risk-adjusted interest rate for each unit requires that management exercises judgment and estimates. Semi-annually submitted
to the impairment test and, at December 31, 2016 and 2015, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING did not identify goodwill impairment losses.

2.4.   Summary of main accounting practices

a)   Consolidation

I.   Subsidiaries

Before January 1, 2013,
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING consolidated its subsidiaries, in accordance with IAS 27 – “Separate Financial
Statements”, and its special purpose entities, in accordance with SIC 12 – “Consolidation – Special
Purpose Entities”, in its Consolidated Financial Statements. Effective January 1, 2013, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
adopted IFRS 10 – “Consolidated Financial Statements”, which replaced IAS 27 and SIC 12.

In accordance with IFRS 10, subsidiaries
are all entities in which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING holds control. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING controls an entity when it is
exposed to, or is entitled to, its variable returns derived from its involvement with such entity, and has the capacity to impact
such returns.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
as from the date in which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING obtains control and are no longer consolidated as from the date such control
is lost.

On January 1, 2013, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING assessed its investments to determine whether the conclusions of consolidation in accordance with IFRS 10 were
different from those in accordance with IAS 27 and SIC 12. The application of the standard did not have significant impacts.

F- 15

The following table shows the main consolidated companies, which
together represent over 95% of total consolidated assets, as well as the interests of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING in their voting
capital at 12/31/2016 and 12/31/2015.

Interest in voting   Interest in total
Incorporation   capital at   capital
    at
country   Activity   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Banco CorpBanca Colombia S.A.   (Note 3)   Colombia   Financial institution   23.67   %   0.00   %   23.67   %   0.00   %
Banco Itaú Argentina S.A.   Argentina   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaú BBA S.A.   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaú Chile   (Note 3)   Chile   Financial institution   -   99.99   %   -   99.99   %
Banco Itaú Consignado S.A(*)   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00   %   60.00   %   100.00   %   60.00   %
Banco Itaú Paraguay S.A.   Paraguay   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaú (Suisse) S.A.   Switzerland   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaú Uruguay S.A.   Uruguay   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itaucard S.A.   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Banco Itauleasing S.A.   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Cia. Itaú de Capitalização   Brazil   Capitalization   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Dibens Leasing S.A. - Arrendamento Mercantil   Brazil   Leasing   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Financeira Itaú CBD S.A. Crédito, Financiamento e
    Investimento   Brazil   Consumer finance credit   50.00   %   50.00   %   50.00   %   50.00   %
Hipercard Banco Múltiplo S.A.   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itau Bank, Ltd.   Cayman Islands   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itau BBA Colombia S.A. Corporación Financiera   Colombia   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itau BBA International plc   United Kingdom   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú BBA USA Securities Inc.   United States   Broker   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú BMG Seguradora S.A.   Brazil   Insurance   99.99   %   60.00   %   99.99   %   60.00   %
Itaú CorpBanca   (Note 3)   Chile   Financial institution   35.71   %   0.00   %   35.71   %   0.00   %
Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A.   Brazil   Broker   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú Seguros S.A.   Brazil   Insurance   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú Unibanco S.A.   Brazil   Financial institution   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Itaú Vida e Previdência  S.A.   Brazil   Pension plan   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %
Luizacred S.A. Soc. Cred. Financiamento Investimento   Brazil   Consumer finance credit   50.00   %   50.00   %   50.00   %   50.00   %
Redecard S.A. - REDE   Brazil   Acquirer   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %

(*) New company name of Banco Itaú BMG Consignado
S.A..

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is committed to maintaining the minimum
capital required by all these joint ventures, noteworthy is that for all Financeira Itaú CBD S.A Crédito, Financiamento
e Investimento (FIC) the minimum capital percentage is 25% higher than that required by the Central Bank of Brazil (Note 33).

F- 16

II.   Business combinations

Accounting for business combinations
under IFRS 3 is only applicable when a business is acquired. Under IFRS 3, a business is defined as an integrated set of activities
and assets that is conducted and managed for the purpose of providing a return to investors, or cost reduction or other economic
benefits. In general, a business consists of inputs, processes applied to those inputs and outputs that are, or will be, used to
generate income. If there is goodwill in a set of activities or transferred assets, this is presumed to be a business. For acquisitions
that meet the definition of business, accounting under the purchase method is required.

The acquisition cost is measured
at the fair value of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at the exchange date,
plus costs directly attributable to the acquisition. Acquired assets and assumed liabilities and contingent liabilities identifiable
in a business combination are initially measured at fair value at the date of acquisition, regardless of the existence of non-controlling
interests. The excess of the acquisition cost, plus non-controlling interests, if any, over the fair value of identifiable net
assets acquired, is accounted for as goodwill.

The treatment of goodwill is described
in Note 2.4h. If the cost of acquisition, plus non-controlling interests, if any, is lower than the fair value of identifiable
net assets acquired, the difference is directly recognized in income.

For each business combination, the
purchaser should measure any non-controlling interest in the acquired company at the fair value or amount proportional to its interest
in net assets of the acquired company.

III.   Transactions with non-controlling stockholders

IFRS 10 – “Consolidated
financial statements” establishes that, changes in an ownership interest in a subsidiary, which do not result in a loss of
control, are accounted for as capital transactions and any difference between the amount paid and the carrying amount of non-controlling
stockholders is recognized directly in consolidated stockholders' equity.

b)   Foreign currency translation

I.   Functional and presentation currency

The consolidated financial statements
of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are presented in Brazilian Reais, which is its functional and presentation currency. For each subsidiary
and investment in associates and joint ventures, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING defined the functional currency, as set forth in
IAS 21.

The assets and liabilities of subsidiaries
with a functional currency other than the Brazilian Real are translated as follows:

·   assets and liabilities are translated
at the closing rate at the balance sheet date.

·   income and expenses are translated at
monthly average exchange rates.

·   exchange differences arising from currency
translation are recorded in other comprehensive income.

II.   Foreign currency transactions

Foreign currency transactions are
translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange
gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the consolidated statement of income as part of foreign
exchange results and exchange variations on transactions.

In the case of monetary assets classified
as available-for-sale, the exchange differences resulting from a change in the amortized cost of the instrument are recognized
in the income statement, while those resulting from other changes in the carrying amount, except impairment losses, are recognized
in other comprehensive income until derecognition or impairment.

F- 17

c)   Cash and cash equivalents

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING defines
cash and cash equivalents as cash and current accounts in banks (included in the heading cash and deposits on demand on the consolidated
balance sheet), interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell that have original maturities of up to 90
days or less, as shown in Note 4.

d)   Financial Assets and Liabilities

In accordance with IAS 39, all financial
assets and liabilities, including derivative financial instruments, should be recognized in the Balance Sheet, and measured in
accordance with the category in which the instrument was classified.

Financial assets and liabilities may
be classified as follows:

Categories   Recognition and Measurement
· Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – held for trading   · Initially and subsequently recognized at fair value; · Transaction costs are directly recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income;
· Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – designated at fair value   · Gains and losses arising from changes in fair value are directly included in Net gain (loss) from investments in securities and derivatives.
· Initially and subsequently recognized at fair value plus transaction costs;
· Available-for-sale
financial assets (*)   · Unrealized gains and losses (except losses for impairment, foreign exchange differences, dividends and interest income) are recognized, net of applicable taxes, in Other comprehensive income.
· Held-to-maturity financial assets (*) · Loans and receivables · Financial liabilities at amortized cost   · Initially recognized at fair value plus transaction costs; · Subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest rate method.

(*)Interest, including the amortization
of premiums and discounts, is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of income under Interest and similar income.

The classification of financial assets
and liabilities depends on the purpose for which financial assets were acquired or financial liabilities were assumed. Management
determines the classification of financial instruments at initial recognition.

Effective interest rate
–

when calculating the effective interest rate, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING

estimates cash flows including all contractual
terms of the financial instrument, but does not include future credit losses. The calculation includes all commissions paid or
received between parties to the contract, transaction costs, and all other premiums or discounts.

Interest and similar income and expense
are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income, in Interest and similar income and Interest and similar expense, respectively.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING classifies
as loans and receivables and financial liabilities at amortized cost the following Balance Sheet headings:

Loans and receivables   Financial liabilities at amortized cost
· Central Bank compulsory deposits (Note 2.4dl and Note 5); · Interbank
deposits (Note 6); · Securities purchased under agreements to resell (Note 2.4dll and Note 6); · Loan operations (Note 2.4dVIII and Note 12); and · Other
financial assets (Note 20a).   · Deposits
(Note 17); · Securities
sold under repurchase agreements (Note 2.4dll and Note 19a); · Funds
from interbank markets (Note 19a); · Funds
from institutional markets (Note 19b); · Liabilities
for capitalization plans; and · Other
financial liabilities (Note 20b).

F- 18

Regular purchases and sales of financial
assets are recognized and derecognized, respectively, on the trade date.

Financial assets are derecognized
when rights to receive cash flows expire or when ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING transfers substantially all risks and rewards of
ownership, and such transfer qualifies for write-off in accordance with IAS 39 requirements.

Otherwise, control should be assessed
to determine whether the continuous involvement related to any retained control does not prevent write-off. Financial liabilities
are derecognized when settled or extinguished.

Financial assets and liabilities are
offset against each other and the net amount is reported in the Balance Sheet solely when there is a legally enforceable right
to offset the recognized amounts and intention to settle them on a net basis, or simultaneously realize the asset and settle the
liability.

I.   Central Bank Compulsory deposits

The Central Banks of the countries
in which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING operates currently impose a number of compulsory deposit requirements on financial institutions.
Such requirements are applied to a wide range of banking activities and operations, such as demand, savings, and time deposits.

II.   Securities purchased under agreements to resell and
sold under repurchase agreements

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has purchased
securities with resale agreement (resale agreements), and sold securities with repurchase agreement (repurchase agreement) of financial
assets. Resale and repurchase agreements are accounted for under Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities
sold under repurchase agreements, respectively.

The difference between the sale and
repurchase prices is treated as interest and recognized over the life of the agreements using the effective interest rate method.

The financial assets accepted as collateral
in our resale agreements can be used by us, if provided for in the agreements, as collateral for our repurchase agreements or can
be sold.

In Brazil, control over custody of
financial assets is centralized and the ownership of investments under resale and repurchase agreements is temporarily transferred
to the buyer. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING strictly monitors the fair value of financial assets received as collateral under our
resale agreements and adjusts the collateral amount when appropriate.

Financial assets pledged as collateral
to counterparties are also recognized in the consolidated financial statements. When the counterparty has the right to sell or
re-pledge such instruments, they are presented in the balance sheet under the appropriate class of financial assets.

III-   Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss - held for trading

These are financial assets and liabilities
acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling them in the short term or when they are part of a portfolio of financial
instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent history of trading transactions.

IV-   Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss – designated at fair value

These are assets and liabilities designated
at fair value through profit or loss upon initial recognition (fair value option). In accordance with IAS 39, the fair value option
can only be applied if it reduces or eliminates accounting mismatches in income or when the financial instruments are part of a
portfolio for which risk is managed and reported to Management based on its fair value or when these instruments consist of debt
instruments and embedded derivatives that should otherwise be separated.

F- 19

V-   Derivatives

All derivatives are recognized as
assets when the fair value is positive, and as liabilities when negative.

Certain derivatives embedded in other
financial instruments are treated as separate derivatives, when their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related
to those of the host contract and the host contract is not recognized at fair value through profit or loss. These embedded derivatives
are accounted for separately at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of income in Net
gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives.

Derivatives can be designated as hedging
instruments under hedge accounting and in the event they qualify, depending upon the nature of the hedged item, the method for
recognizing gains or losses from changes in fair value will be different. These derivatives, which are used to hedge exposures
to risk or modify the characteristics of financial assets and liabilities, and that meet IAS 39 criteria, are recognized as hedge
accounting.

In accordance with IAS 39, to qualify for hedge accounting,
all of the following conditions are met:

·   at the inception of the hedge there is
formal designation and documentation of the hedging relationship and the entity’s risk management objective and strategy
for undertaking the hedge.

·   the hedge is expected to be highly effective
in offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk, consistent with the originally documented risk
management strategy for that particular hedging relationship.

·   for a cash flow hedge, a forecast transaction
that is the subject of the hedge must be highly probable and must present an exposure to variations in cash flows that could ultimately
affect profit or loss.

·   the effectiveness of the hedge can be
reliably measured, i.e. the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item that are attributable to the hedged risk and the fair value
of the hedging instrument can be reliably measured.

·   the hedge is assessed on an ongoing basis
and it is determined that the hedge has in fact been highly effective throughout the periods for which the hedge was designated.

IAS 39 presents three hedge accounting categories: fair
value hedge, cash flow hedge, and hedge of net investments in a foreign operation.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses derivatives as hedging
instruments under cash flow hedge strategies, fair value hedge and hedge of net investments, as detailed in Note 9.

Fair value hedge

For derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair
value hedges, the following practices are adopted:

a)   The gain or loss arising from the new measurement of the hedge instrument at fair value should
be recognized in income; and

b)   The gain or loss arising from the hedged item, attributable to the effective portion of the hedged
risk, should adjust the book value of the hedged item and also be recognized in income.

When the derivative expires or is
sold or the hedge no longer meets the accounting hedge criteria or the entity revokes the designation, the entity should prospectively
discontinue the accounting hedge. In addition, any adjustment in the book value of the hedged item should be amortized in income.

F- 20

Cash flow hedge

For derivatives that are designated
and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of derivative gains or losses are recognized in Other comprehensive income
– Cash flow hedge, and reclassified to Income in the same period or periods in which the hedged transaction affects income.
The portion of gain or loss on derivatives that represents the ineffective portion or the hedge components excluded from the assessment
of effectiveness is recognized immediately in income. Amounts originally recorded in Other comprehensive income and subsequently
reclassified to Income are recorded in the corresponding income or expense lines in which the related hedged item is reported.

When a hedging instrument expires
or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting and also when ITAU UNIBANCO HOLDING redesignates
a hedge, any cumulative gain or loss existing in Other comprehensive income is frozen and is recognized in income when the hedged
item is ultimately recognized in the income statement. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative
gain or loss recognized in Other Comprehensive Income is immediately transferred to the statement of income.

Hedge of net investments in foreign operations

A hedge of a net investment in a foreign
operation, including hedge of a monetary item that is accounted for as part of the net investment, is accounted for in a manner
similar to a cash flow hedge:

a)   the portion of gain or loss on the hedge instrument determined as effective is recognized in other
comprehensive income.

b)   the ineffective portion is recognized in income.

Gains or losses on the hedging instrument
related to the effective portion of the hedge which is recognized in comprehensive income are reclassified to the income statement
upon the disposal of the investment in the foreign operation.

VI-   Available-for-sale financial assets

In accordance with IAS 39,
financial assets are classified as available-for-sale when in the Management’s judgment they can be sold in response to
or in anticipation of changes in market conditions, and that were not classified into the categories of financial assets at
fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables or held to maturity.

The average cost is used to determine
the realized Gains and losses on Disposal of available-for-sale financial assets, which are recorded in the consolidated statement
of income under Net gain (loss) on Investments in Securities and Derivatives – Available-for-sale financial assets. Dividends
on available-for-sale assets are recognized in the consolidated statement of income as Dividend income when ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING is entitled to receive such dividends and inflow of economic benefits is probable.

VII-   Held-to-maturity financial assets

In accordance with IAS 39, the financial
assets classified into the held-to-maturity category are non-derivative financial assets for which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity.

Both impairment of held-to-maturity
financial assets and reversal of this loss are recorded, when applicable, in the Consolidated statement of income.

VIII-   Loan operations

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING classifies
a loan operation as on non-accrual status if the payment of the principal or interest has been in default for 60 days or more.
In this case, accrual of interest is no longer recognized.

When a financial asset or group of
similar financial assets is impaired and its carrying amount is reduced through an allowance for loan losses, the subsequent interest
income is recognized on

F- 21

the reduced carrying amount using the interest rate used to discount the future cash flows for purposes
of measuring the allowance for loan losses.

Both the credit risk and the finance
areas are responsible for defining the methodologies used to measure the allowance for loan losses and for assessing changes in
the provision amounts on a recurring basis.

These areas monitor the trends observed
in allowance for loan losses by segment level, in addition to establishing an initial understanding of the variables that may trigger
changes in the allowance for loan losses, the probability of default or the loss given default.

Once the trends have been identified
and an initial assessment of the variables has been made at the corporate level, the business areas are responsible for further
analyzing these observed trends at a detailed level and for each portfolio, in order to understand the underlying reasons for the
trends observed and for deciding whether changes are required in our credit policies.

IX-   Lease operations (as lessor)

When assets are subject to a finance lease, the present value of
lease payments is recognized as a receivable in the consolidated balance sheet under Loan operations and Lease Operations.

Initial direct costs when incurred
by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are included in the initial measurement of the lease receivable, reducing the amount of income
to be recognized over the lease period. Such initial costs usually include commissions and legal fees.

The recognition of interest income
reflects a constant rate of return on the net investment of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and is recognized in the consolidated
statement of income under Interest and similar income.

X-   Allowance for loan and lease losses

General

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING periodically
assesses whether there is any objective evidence that a receivable or group of receivables is impaired. A receivable or group of
receivables is impaired and there is a need for recognizing an impairment loss if there is objective evidence of impairment as
a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the asset (a loss event) and that loss event (or
events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows that can be reliably estimated.

The allowance for loan and lease losses
is recognized as probable losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance sheet date. The determination of the level of the allowance
rests upon various judgments and assumptions, including current economic conditions, loan portfolio composition, prior loan and
lease loss experience and evaluation of credit risk related to individual loans. Our process for determining the allowance for
loan and lease losses includes Management's judgment and the use of estimates. The adequacy of the allowance is regularly analyzed
by Management.

The criteria adopted by ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING for determining whether there is objective evidence of impairment include the following:

·   default in principal or interest payment.

·   financial difficulties of the debtor and
other objective evidence that results in the deterioration of the financial position of the debtor (for example, debt-to-equity
ratio, percentage of net sales or other indicators obtained through processes adopted to monitor credit, particularly for retail
portfolios).

·   breach of loan clauses or terms.

·   entering into bankruptcy.

·   loss of competitive position of the debtor.

F- 22

The estimated period between the loss event
and its identification is defined by Management for each portfolio of similar receivables. Considering the representativeness of
several homogeneous groups, management chose to use a twelve month period as being the most representative. For portfolios of loans
that are individually evaluated for impairment this period is at most 12 months, considering the review cycle for each loan operation.

Assessment

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING first assesses
whether objective evidence of impairment exists for receivables that are individually significant, and individually or collectively
for receivables that are not individually significant.

To determine the amount of the allowance for
individually significant receivables with objective evidence of impairment, methodologies are used that consider both the quality
of the client and the nature of the transaction, including its collateral, to estimate the cash flows expected from these loans.

If no objective evidence of impairment exists
for an individually assessed receivable, whether significant or not, the asset is included in a group of receivables with similar
credit risk characteristics and collectively assessed for impairment. Receivables that are individually assessed for impairment
and for which an impairment loss is recognized are not included in the collective assessment. The amount of loss is measured as
the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future
credit losses that have not been incurred) discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate.

For collectively assessed loans, the calculation
of the present value of the estimated future cash flows for which there is collateral reflects the historical performance of the
foreclosure and recovery of fair value, considering the cash flows that may arise from foreclosure less costs for obtaining and
selling that collateral.

For the purpose of a collective evaluation
of impairment, receivables are grouped on the basis of similar credit risk characteristics. The characteristics are relevant to
the estimation of future cash flows for such receivables by being indicative of the debtors’ ability to pay all amounts due,
according to the contractual terms of the receivables being evaluated. Future cash flows in a group of receivables that are collectively
evaluated for purposes of identifying the need for recognizing impairment are estimated on the basis of the contractual cash flows
of the group of receivables and historical loss experience for receivables with similar credit risk characteristics. The historical
loss experience is adjusted on the basis of current observable data to reflect the effects of current conditions that did not affect
the period on which the historical loss experience is based and to remove the effects of conditions in the historical period that
do not exist currently.

For individually significant receivables with
no objective evidence of impairment, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING classifies these loans into certain rating categories based on
several qualitative and quantitative factors applied through internally developed models. Considering the size and the different
risk characteristics of each contract, the rating category determined according to internal models can be reviewed and modified
by our Corporate Credit Committee, the members of which are executives and officers in corporate credit risk. ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING estimates inherent losses for each rating category considering an internally developed approach for low-default portfolios,
that uses our historical experience for building internal models, that are used both to estimate the PD (probability of default)
and to estimate the LGD (loss given default).

To determine the amount of the allowance for
individually insignificant items loans are segregated into classes considering the underlying risks and characteristics of each
group. The allowance for loan and lease losses is determined for each of those classes through a process that considers historical
delinquency and loan loss experience over the most recent years.

Measurement

The methodology used to measure the
allowance for loan and lease losses was developed internally by the credit risk and finance areas at the corporate level. In those
areas and considering the different characteristics of the portfolios, different areas are responsible for defining the methodology
to measure the allowance for each: Corporate (including loan

F- 23

operations with objective evidence of impairment and individually significant
loan operations but with no objective evidence of impairment), Individuals, Small and Medium Businesses, and Foreign Units Latin
America. Each of the four portfolio areas responsible for defining the methodology to measure the allowance for loan and lease
losses is further divided into groups, including groups that develop the methodology and groups that validate the methodology.
A centralized group in the credit risk area is responsible for measuring the allowance on a recurring basis following the methodologies
developed and approved for each of the four areas.

The methodology is based on two components
to determine the amount of the allowance: The probability of default by the client or counterparty (PD), and the potential economic
loss that may occur in the event of default, being the debt that cannot be recovered (LGD) which are applied to the outstanding
balance of the loan. Measurement and assessment of these risk components is part of the process for granting credit and for managing
the portfolio. The estimated amounts of PD and LGD are measured based on statistical models that consider a significant number
of variables which are different for each class and include, among others, income, equity, past loan experiences, level of indebtedness,
economic sectors that affect collectability and other attributes of each counterparty and of the economic environment. These models
are regularly updated for changes in economic and business conditions.

A model updating process is started
when the modeling area identifies that it is not capturing significant effects of the changes of economic conditions, in the performance
of the portfolio or when a change is made in the methodology for calculating the allowance for loan and lease losses. When a change
in the model is made, the model is validated through back-testing and statistical methods are used to measure its performance through
detailed analysis of its documentation, by describing step-by-step how the process is carried out. The models are validated by
an area independent from the one developing it, by issuing a technical report on the assumptions used (integrity, consistency,
and replicability of the bases) and on the mathematical methodology used. The technical report is subsequently submitted to CTAM
(Model assessment technical committee), which is the highest level of approval of model reviews.

Considering the different characteristics
of the loans at each of the four portfolio areas (Corporate (with no objective evidence of impairment), Individuals, Small and
Medium Businesses, and Foreign Units Latin America), different areas within the corporate credit risk area are responsible for
developing and approving the methodologies for loans in each of those four portfolio areas. Management believes that the fact that
different areas focus on each of the four portfolios results in increased knowledge, specialization and awareness of the teams
as to the factors that are more relevant for each portfolio area in measuring the loan losses. Also considering such different
characteristics and other factors, different inputs and information are used to estimate the PD and LGD as further detailed below:

·   Corporate (with no evidence of impairment)
- factors considered and inputs used are mainly the history of the customer relationship with us, the results of analysis
of the customer’s accounting statements and the information obtained through frequent contacts with its officers, aiming
at understanding the strategy and the quality of its management. Additionally, industry and macroeconomic factors are also included
in the analysis. All those factors (which are quantitative and qualitative) are used as inputs to the internal model developed
to determine the corresponding rating category. This approach is also applied to the corporate credit portfolio inside and outside
Brazil.

·   Individuals – factors
considered and inputs used are mainly the history of the customer relationship with us, and information available through
credit bureaus (negative information).

·   Small / Medium Businesses – factors considered and inputs used include, in addition to the history of the customer relationship and credit bureau
information about the customer’s revenues, industry expertise, and information about its shareholders and officers, among
others.

·   Foreign Units – Latin America – considering the relative smaller size of this portfolio and its more recent nature, the models are simpler
and use the past due status and an internal rating of the customer as main factors.

F- 24

Reversal, write-off, and renegotiation

If, in a subsequent period, the amount
of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease is objectively related to an event occurring after the impairment was recognized
(such as an improvement in the debtor’s credit rating), the previously recognized impairment is reversed. The amount of reversal
is recognized in the consolidated statement of Income under Expense for allowance for loan and lease losses.

When a loan is uncollectible, it
is written-off in the balance sheet under allowance for loan and lease losses. Write-off as losses occur after 360 days of credits
have matured or after 540 days for loans with maturities over 36 months.

In almost all cases for loan products,
renegotiated loans require at least one payment to be made under the renegotiated terms in order for it to be removed from nonperforming
and nonaccrual status. Renegotiated loans return to nonperforming and nonaccrual status when they reach 60 days past due under
the renegotiated terms, which typically corresponds to the borrower missing two or more payments.

e)   Investments in associates and joint ventures

I – Associates

In conformity with IAS 28 - Investments
in Associates and Joint Ventures, associates are companies in which the investor has a significant influence but does not hold
control. Investments in these companies are initially recognized at cost of acquisition and subsequently accounted for using the
equity method. Investments in associates and joint ventures include the goodwill identified upon acquisition, net of any cumulative
impairment loss.

II – Joint arrangements

Before january 1, 2013, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING proportionally consolidated its interest held in joint ventures, as required by IAS 31 – Interests in Joint
Ventures. From that date on, it adopted IFRS 11 – Joint arrangements, changing its accounting policy from interest in joint
arrangements to the equity method.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has assessed
the nature of its joint business and concluded that it has both joint operations and joint ventures. There was no change in the
accounting treatment for joint operations. For joint ventures, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING adopted the new policy on interest
in joint ventures, in accordance with the IFRS 11 transition provisions.

The effects arising from adopting
IFRS 11, which gave rise to a change in the accounting policy, have not had significant impacts on the Consolidated financial statements
of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s
share in profits or losses of its associates and joint ventures after acquisition is recognized in the consolidated statement of
income. Its share of the changes in the reserves of corresponding stockholders’ equity of its associates and joint ventures
is recognized in its own reserves of stockholders’ equity. The cumulative changes after acquisition are adjusted against
the carrying amount of the investment. When the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING share of losses of an associates and joint ventures
is equal or above its interest in the associates and joint ventures, including any other receivables, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
does not recognize additional losses, unless it has incurred any obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates and joint
ventures.

Unrealized profits on transactions
between ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the interest of ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, unless the transaction provides evidence of impairment of the transferred
asset. The accounting policies on associates and joint ventures are consistent with the policies adopted by ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING.

F- 25

If the interest in the associates
and joint ventures decreases, but ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING retains significant influence or joint control, only the proportional
amount of the previously recognized amounts in Other comprehensive income is reclassified in Income, when appropriate.

Gains and losses from dilution arising
from investments in associates and joint ventures are recognized in the consolidated statement of income.

f)   Lease commitments (as lessee)

As a lessee, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING has finance and operating lease agreements.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING leases
certain fixed assets, and those substantially holding the risks and benefits incidental to the ownership are classified as finance
leases.

Each lease installment paid is allocated
part to liabilities and part to financial charges, so that a constant rate is obtained for the outstanding debt balance. Corresponding
obligations, net of future financial charges, are included in Other financial liabilities. Interest expenses are recognized in
the Consolidated Statement of Income over the lease term, to produce a constant periodic interest rate on the remaining liabilities
balance for each period.

Expenses related to operating leases
are recognized in the consolidated statement of income, on a straight-line basis, over the period of lease.

When an operating lease is terminated
before the end of the lease term, any payment to be made to the lessor as a penalty is recognized as an expense in the period the
termination occurs.

g)   Fixed assets

In accordance with IAS 16 –
Property, plant and equipment, fixed assets are recognized at cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation, which is calculated
using the straight-line method and rates based on the estimated useful lives of these assets. These rates and additional details
are presented in Note 15.

The residual values and useful lives
of assets are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of each year.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING reviews
its assets in order to identify whether any indications of impairment exist. If such indications are identified, fixed assets are
tested for impairment. In accordance with IAS 36 – Impairment of assets, impairment losses are recognized for the difference
between the carrying and recoverable amount of an asset (or group of assets), in the consolidated statement of income. The recoverable
amount of an asset is defined as the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. For purposes of assessing
impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified (cash-generating units).
The assessment may be made at an individual asset level when the fair value less the cost to sell may be reliably determined.

Gains and losses on disposals of fixed
assets are recognized in the consolidated statement of income under Other income or General and administrative expenses.

h)   Goodwill

In accordance with IFRS 3 (R) –
“Business combinations”, goodwill may arise on an acquisition and represents the excess of the consideration transferred
plus non-controlling interest over the net fair value of the net identifiable assets and contingent liabilities of the acquiree.
Goodwill is not amortized, but its recoverable amount is tested for impairment semi-annually or when there is any indication of
impairment, using an approach that involves the identification of cash-generating units and estimates of fair value less cost to
sell and/or value in use.

F- 26

As defined in IAS 36, a cash-generating
unit is the lowest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are independent of the cash inflows from other
assets or groups of assets. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation
is made to those cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination.

IAS 36 determines that an impairment
loss shall be recognized for a cash-generating unit if the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying
amount. The loss shall be allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit,
and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro rata basis applied to the carrying amount of each asset. The loss cannot reduce
the carrying amount of an asset below the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. The impairment loss
of goodwill cannot be reversed.

Goodwill arising from the acquisition
of subsidiaries is presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet under the line Goodwill.

Goodwill of associates and joint ventures
is reported as part of investment in the consolidated balance sheet under Investments in associates and joint ventures, and the
impairment test is carried out in relation to the total balance of the investments (including goodwill).

i)   Intangible assets

Intangible assets are non-physical
assets, including software and other assets, and are initially recognized at cost. Intangible assets are recognized when they arise
from legal or contractual rights, their costs can be reliably measured, and in the case of intangible assets not arising from separate
acquisitions or business combinations, it is probable that future economic benefits may arise from their use. The balance of intangible
assets refers to acquired assets or those internally generated.

Intangible assets may have finite
or indefinite useful lives. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their
estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but periodically tested in order to identify
any impairment.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING semi-annually
assesses its intangible assets in order to identify whether any indications of impairment exist, as well as possible reversal of
previous impairment losses. If such indications are found, intangible assets are tested for impairment. In accordance with IAS
36, impairment losses are recognized as the difference between the carrying and the recoverable amount of an asset (or group of
assets), and recognized in the consolidated statement of income. The recoverable amount of an asset is defined as the higher of
its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. For purposes of assessing an impairment, assets are grouped into the minimum
level for which cash flows can be identified. The assessment can be made at an individual asset level when the fair value less
its cost to sell can be determined reliably.

As set forth in IAS 38, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING elected the cost model to measure its intangible assets after its initial recognition.

The breakdown of intangible assets
is described in Note 16.

j)   Assets held for sale

Assets held for sale are recognized
in the balance sheet when they are actually repossessed or there is intention to sell. These assets are initially recorded at the
lower of: (i) the fair value of the asset less the estimated selling expenses, or (ii) the carrying amount of the related asset
held for sale.

k)   Income tax and social contribution

There are two components of the provision
for income tax and social contribution: current and deferred.

Current income tax expense approximates
taxes to be paid or recovered for the applicable period. Current assets and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet under
Tax assets – income tax and social contribution - current and tax liabilities – income tax and Social contribution
– current, respectively.

Deferred income tax and social contribution
represented by deferred tax assets and liabilities are obtained based on the differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and the amounts

F- 27

reported in the financial statements at each year end. The tax benefit of tax loss carryforwards is recognized
as an asset. Deferred tax assets are only recognized when it is probable that future taxable income will be available for offsetting.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in the balance sheet under Tax assets – Income tax and social contribution
– Deferred and Tax liabilities – Income tax and social contribution - Deferred, respectively.

Income tax and social contribution
expense is recognized in the consolidated statement of income under Income tax and social contribution, except when it refers to
items directly recognized in Other comprehensive income, such as: deferred tax on fair value measurement of available-for-sale
financial assets, and tax on cash flow hedges. Deferred taxes of such items are initially recognized in Other comprehensive income
and subsequently recognized in Income together with the recognition of the gain / loss originally deferred.

Changes in tax legislation and rates
are recognized in the consolidated statement of income under Income tax and social contribution in the period in which they are
enacted. Interest and fines are recognized in the consolidated statement of income under General and administrative expenses. Income
tax and social contribution are calculated at the rates shown below, considering the respective taxable bases, based on the current
legislation related to each tax, which in the case of the operations in Brazil are for all the reporting periods as follows:

12/31/2016
Income tax   15.00   %
Additional income tax   10.00   %
Social contribution (*)   20.00   %

(*) On october 06, 2015, Law
No. 13,169, a conversion of Provisional Measure No. 675, which increased the Social Contribution tax rate from 15.00% to
20.00% until december 31, 2018, for financial institutions, insurance companies and credit card management companies, was
introduced. For the other companies, the tax rate remains at 9.00%.

To determine the proper level of
provisions for taxes to be maintained for uncertain tax positions, a two-phased approach was applied, according to which a tax
benefit is recognized if it is more probable than not that a position can be sustained. The benefit amount is then measured to
be the highest tax benefit which probability of realization is over 50%.

l)   Insurance contracts and private pension

IFRS 4 – “Insurance
contracts” defines insurance contracts as contracts under which the issuer accepts a significant insurance risk of the counterparty,
by agreeing to compensate it if a specified uncertain future event adversely affects it. An insurance risk is significant only
if the insurance event could cause an issuer to pay significant additional benefits in any scenario, except for those that do not
have commercial substance. Additional benefits refer to amounts that exceed those that would be payable if no insured event occurred.

At the time of the first-time adoption
of IFRS, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING decided not to change its accounting policies for insurance contracts, which follow the
accounting practices generally accepted in Brazil (“BRGAAP”).

Although investment agreements with
discretionary participation characteristics are financial instruments, they are treated as insurance contracts, as established
by IFRS 4, as well as those transferring a significant financial risk.

These agreements may be reclassified
as insurance contracts after their initial classification should the insurance risk become significant.

Once the contract is classified
as an insurance contract, it remains as such until the end of its life, even if the insurance risk is significantly reduced during
such period, unless all rights and obligations are extinguished or expired.

Note 30 presents a detailed description
of all products classified as insurance contracts.

F- 28

Private pension plans

Contracts that contemplate retirement benefits
after an accumulation period (known as PGBL, VGBL and FGB) assure, at the commencement date of the contract, the basis for calculating
the retirement benefit (mortality table and minimum interest). The contracts specify the annuity fees and, therefore, the contract
transfers the insurance risk to the issuer at the commencement date, and they are classified as insurance contracts.

Insurance premiums

Insurance premiums are recognized by issuing
an insurance policy or over the period of the contracts in proportion to the amount of the insurance coverage. Insurance premiums
are recognized as income in the consolidated statement of income.

If there is evidence of impairment losses with
respect to receivables for insurance premiums, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING recognizes a provision, sufficient to cover this loss,
based on the risk analysis of realization of insurance premiums receivable with installments overdue for over 60 days.

Reinsurance

Reinsurance premiums are recognized over the
same period in which the related insurance premiums are recognized in the consolidated statement of income.

In the ordinary course of business, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING reinsures a portion of the risks underwritten, particularly property and casualty risks that exceed the maximum
limits of responsibility that we determine to be appropriate for each segment and product (after a study which considers size,
experience, specificities, and the necessary capital to support these limits). These reinsurance agreements allow the recovery
of a portion of the losses from the reinsurer, although they do not release the insurer from the main obligation as direct insurer
of the risks contemplated in the reinsurance.

Acquisition costs

Acquisition costs include direct and indirect
costs related to the origination of insurance. These costs, except for the commissions paid to brokers and others, are expensed
directly in income as incurred. Commissions, on the other hand, are deferred and expensed in proportion to the recognition of the
premium revenue, i.e. over the period of the corresponding insurance contract.

Liabilities

Reserves for claims are established based on
historical experience, claims in process of payment, estimated amounts of claims incurred but not yet reported, and other factors
relevant to the required reserve levels. A liability for premium deficiencies is recognized if the estimated amount of premium
deficiencies exceeds deferred acquisition costs. Expenses related to recognition of liabilities for insurance contracts are recognized
in the consolidated statement of income under Change in reserves for insurance and private pension.

Embedded derivatives

We have not identified any embedded derivatives
in our insurance contracts, which may be separated or measured at fair value in accordance with IFRS 4 requirements.

Liability adequacy test

IFRS 4 requires that the insurance companies
analyze the adequacy of their insurance liabilities in each reporting period through a minimum adequacy test. The liability adequacy
test for IFRS was conducted by adopting the current actuarial assumptions for future cash flows of all insurance contracts in force
on the balance sheet date.

Should the analysis show insufficiency, any deficiency identified
will be immediately accounted for in income for the period.

F- 29

The assumptions used to conduct the liability adequacy
test are detailed in Note 30.

m)   Capitalization plans

For regulatory purposes in Brazil
they are regulated by the insurance regulator, these plans do not meet the definition of an insurance contract under IFRS 4, and
therefore they are classified as a financial liability at amortized cost under IAS 39.

Revenue from capitalization plans
is recognized during the period of the contract and measured as the difference between the amount deposited by the client and the
amount that ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has to reimburse.

n)   Post-employments benefits

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is
required to make contributions to government social security and labor indemnity plans, in Brazil and in other countries where
it operates, which are expensed in the consolidated statement of income as an integral part of general and administrative expenses,
when incurred.

Additionally, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING also sponsors Defined Benefit Plans and Defined Contribution Plans, accounted for in accordance with IAS 19 (R1) –
“Employee benefits”.

Pension plans - Defined benefit
plans

The liability (or asset, as the
case may be) recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet with respect to the defined benefit plan corresponds to the present value
of defined benefit obligations at the balance sheet date less the fair value of plan assets. The present value of defined benefit
obligations is determined by discounting the estimated amount of future cash flows of benefit payments based on Brazilian government
securities denominated in Reais and with maturity periods similar to the term of the pension plan liabilities. They are recognized
in the Consolidated statement of income:

·   current service cost – defined as
the increase in the present value of obligations resulting from employee service in the current period.

·   interest on the net amount of assets (liabilities)
of defined benefit plans is the change, during the period, in the net amount recognized in assets and liabilities, due to the time
elapsed, which comprises the interest income on plan assets, interest expense on the obligations of the defined benefit plan and
interest on the asset ceiling effects.

Actuarial gains and losses arising
from the non-adoption of the assumptions established in the latest evaluation, as compared to those effectively carried out or
changes in such assumptions, are fully recognized in Other comprehensive income.

Pension plans - defined contribution

For defined contribution plans,
contributions to plans made by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through pension plan funds, are recognized as an expense when due.

Other post-employment benefit obligations

Certain companies that merged into
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING over the past few years were sponsors of post-employment healthcare benefit plans and ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING is contractual committed to maintain such benefits over specific periods, as well as in relation to the benefits
granted due to a judicial ruling.

These obligations are assessed annually
by independent and qualified actuaries, and costs expected from these benefits are accumulated during the employment period and
gains and losses arising from adjustments of practices and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognized in Stockholders’
equity, under Other comprehensive income, in the period they occurred.

F- 30

o)   Share-based payment

Share-based payment is accounted
for in accordance with IFRS 2 - “Share-based payment” which requires the entity to measure the value of equity instruments
granted, based on their fair value at the option grant date. This cost is recognized during the vesting period of the right to
exercise the instruments.

The total amount to be expensed
is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance
vesting conditions (notably remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period). The fulfillment of on-market vesting
conditions is included in the assumptions about the number of options that are expected to be exercised. At the end of each period,
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to be exercised based on non-market
vesting conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of
income, with a corresponding adjustment to stockholders’ equity.

When the options are exercised,
the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING treasury shares are generally delivered to the beneficiaries.

The fair value of stock options
is estimated by using option pricing models that take into account the exercise price of the option, the current stock price, the
risk-free interest rate, the expected volatility of the stock price and the life of the option.

All stock based compensation plans
established by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING correspond to plans that can be settled exclusively through the delivery of shares.

p)   Financial guarantees

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING recognizes
the fair value of the guarantees issued in the consolidated balance sheet under Other liabilities. Fair value is generally represented
by the fee charged to client for issuing the guarantee. This amount at the issuance date is amortized over the life of the guarantee
issued and recognized in the consolidated statement of income under Banking service fees.

After issuance, if based on the
best estimate ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING concludes that the occurrence of a loss regarding a guarantee issued is probable, and
if the loss amount is higher than the initial fair value less cumulative amortization of the guarantee, a provision is recognized
for such amount.

q)   Provisions, contingent assets and contingent liabilities

These are assessed, recognized and
disclosed in accordance with IAS 37. Contingent assets and contingent liabilities are rights and obligations arising from past
events for which materialization depends on future events.

Contingent assets are not recognized
in the consolidated financial statements, except when the Management of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING understands that realization
is virtually certain which, generally corresponds to lawsuits with favorable rulings, in final and unappealable judgments, withdrawal
from lawsuits as a result of a payment in settlement or as a result of an agreement to offset against an existing liability.

Contingent liabilities mainly arise
from administrative proceedings and lawsuits, inherent in the ordinary course of business, filed by third parties, former employees
and governmental bodies, in connection with civil, labor, and tax and social security claims.

These contingencies are evaluated
based on Management’s best estimates, and are classified as:

·   Probable: in which liabilities
are recognized in the consolidated balance sheet under Provisions.

·   Possible: which are disclosed in
the Consolidated Financial Statements, but no provision is recorded.

·   Remote: which require neither a
provision nor disclosure.

Contingent liabilities recorded
under Provisions and those disclosed as possible are measured using best estimates through the use of models and criteria which
allow their appropriate measurement even if there is uncertainty as to their ultimate timing and amount, and the criteria are detailed
in Note 32.

F- 31

The amount of court escrow deposits is adjusted in accordance
with current legislation.

Contingent liabilities guaranteed
by indemnity clauses provided by third parties, such as in business combinations carried out before the transition date to IFRS,
are recognized when a claim is asserted, and a receivable is recognized simultaneously subject to its collectability. For business
combinations carried out after the transition date, indemnification assets are recognized at the same time and measured on the
same basis as the indemnified item, subject to collectability or contractual limitations on the indemnified amount.

r)   Capital

Common and preferred shares, which
are equivalent to common shares but without voting rights are classified in Stockholders’ equity. The additional costs directly
attributable to the issue of new shares are included in Stockholders’ equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of taxes.

s)   Treasury shares

Common and preferred shares repurchased
are recorded in Stockholders’ equity under Treasury shares at their average purchase price.

Shares that are subsequently sold,
such as those sold to grantees under our share-based payment, are recorded as a reduction in treasury shares, measured at the average
price of treasury stock held at such date.

The difference between the sale
price and the average price of the treasury shares is recorded as a reduction or increase in Additional paid-in capital. The cancellation
of treasury shares is recorded as a reduction in Treasury shares against Appropriated reserves, at the average price of treasury
shares at the cancellation date.

t)   Dividends and interest on capital

Minimum dividend amounts established
in the bylaws are recorded as liabilities at the end of each year. Any other amount above the mandatory minimum dividend is accounted
for as a liability when approved by stockholders at a Stockholders´ Meeting.

Interest on capital is treated for
accounting purposes as a dividend, and it is presented as a reduction of stockholders’ equity in the consolidated financial statements.
The related tax benefit is recorded in the consolidated statement of income.

Dividends have been and continue
to be calculated and paid based on the financial statements prepared under Brazilian accounting standards and regulations for financial
institutions and not based on these consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRS.

Dividends and interest on capital
are presented in Note 21.

u)   Earnings per share

Earnings per share are computed
by dividing net income attributable to the owners of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING by the weighted average number of common and
preferred shares outstanding for each reporting year. Weighted average shares are computed based on the periods for which the shares
were outstanding.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING grants
stock-based compensation whose dilutive effect is reflected in diluted earnings per share, with the application of the “treasury
stock method”. Under the treasury stock method, earnings per share are calculated as if shares under stock-based compensation
plans had been issued and as if the assumed proceeds were used to purchase shares of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

Earnings per share are presented
in Note 28.

F- 32

v)   Revenue from services

Services related to current accounts
are offered to clients either in formal packages or individually, and their income is recognized when these services are provided.

Revenue from certain services, such
as fees from funds management, performance, collection for retail clients and custody, is recognized over the life of the related
contracts on a straight-line basis.

The breakdown of the banking service
fees is detailed in Note 24.

w)   Segment information

Segment information is disclosed
consistently with the internal report prepared for the Executive Committee, which makes the operational decisions of ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has
three reportable segments: (i) Retail Banking (ii) Wholesale Banking and (iii) Activities with the Market + Corporation.

Segment information is presented
in Note 34.

F- 33

Note 3 – Business development

Credit Intelligence Bureau (“CIB”)

In January 21, 2016, the ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiary Itaú Unibanco S.A., sidnedd a Memorandum of Understanding with Banco Bradesco S.A.
Banco do Brasil S.A., Banco Santander S.A. and Caixa Econômica Federal in order to create a credit intelligence bureau (“CIB”)
which will enable greater efficiency in the management and granting of credit lines at long and medium terms.

CIB will be structured as a corporation
and the Parties, each of them holding a 20% equity ownership, will share its control.

CIB’s incorporation is subject
to the execution of definitive documents among the Parties, as well as the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, including
the approval by applicable regulatory authorities. The transaction was approved by CADE on November 9, 2016.

Banco Itaú BMG Consignado S.A.

On September 29, 2016, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiary Itaú Unibanco S.A. (Itaú Unibanco), entered into a purchase and sale agreement
with Banco BMG S.A. (BMG) for acquisition of a 40% interest in the capital of Banco Itaú BMG Consignado S.A. (Itaú
BMG Consignado), corresponding to BMG’s total interest in Itaú BMG Consignado, for the amount of R$ 1,460, and now
holds 100% of Itaú BMG Consignado.

Itaú Unibanco and BMG will
maintain an association by means of the execution of a new commercial agreement for the distribution of payroll loans of Itaú
BMG Consignado and its affiliates, on an exclusive basis, through certain distribution channels linked to BMG and its affiliates.

After compliance with conditions precedent
and approval by proper regulatory authorities, the transaction was completed on December 28, 2016.

Currently, Itaú BMG Consignado
is controlled by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and, therefore, this acquisition did not have accounting effects on its results on
initial recognition.

ConectCar
Soluções de Mobilidade
Eletrônica S.A.

On October 21, 2015, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING, through its subsidiary Redecard S.A. (Rede), entered into a share purchase and sale commitment with Odebrecht Transport
S.A. for the acquisition of 50% of capital stock of
ConectCar
 Soluções de Mobilidade Eletrônica S.A.
(ConectCar) for the amount of R$ 170.

ConectCar, located in Barueri, São
Paulo, is an institution engaged in own payment arrangements and a provider of intermediation services for automatic payment of
tolls, fuels and parking lots, ranked as the second largest company in the sector, currently operating in 12 States and in the
Federal District. It was organized in 2012 as the result of a partnership between Odebrecht Transport S.A. and Ipiranga Produtos
de Petróleo S.A., a company controlled by Ultrapar Participações S.A., which currently holds the remaining
50% of ConectCar’s capital stock.

After compliance with the conditions
precedent and approval of proper regulatory authorities, the operation was closed on January 29, 2016. The investment acquired
is measured using the equity method (Note 2.4e II).

The acquisition will not have accounting
effects on the results of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING on initial recognition.

Recovery do Brasil Consultoria S.A.

At December 31, 2015, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING, through its subsidiary Itaú Unibanco S.A., entered into an agreement for purchase and sale and other covenants
with Banco BTG Pactual S.A. (BTG) for acquisition of 81.94% interest in the capital of Recovery do Brasil Consultoria S.A. (Recovery),
corresponding to BTG’s total interest in Recovery, for the amount of R$ 640.

F- 34

In the same transaction, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING agreed on the acquisition of approximately 70% of the portfolio of R$ 38 billion in credit rights related to the
recovery of portfolios held by BTG, for the amount of R$ 570.

Established in 2000 in Argentina and
present in Brazil since 2006, Recovery is the market leader in the management of overdue receivables portfolio. Recovery’s
activities consist in prospecting and assessing portfolios, structuring and managing operations, acting in all segments, from individual
to corporate loans, with financial and non-financial institutions, and offering a competitive advantage to its clients.

After the compliance with the conditions
precedent and approval by regulatory authorities, the transaction was closed on March 31, 2016.

The acquisition did not have accounting
effects on the results of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING on initial recognition.

On July 7, 2016, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDNG, through its subsidiary Itaú Unibanco S.A., acquired, from International Finance Corporation, a 6.92% additional
interest, for the amount of R$ 59, and now holds 96% of Recovery’s capital.

Itaú CorpBanca

On January 29, 2014, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING, through its subsidiary Banco Itaú Chile S.A. (BIC), entered into a
Transaction Agreement
 with CorpBanca
and its controlling stockholders (Corp Group), establishing the terms and conditions of the merger of operations of BIC and CorpBanca
in Chile and in the other jurisdictions in which CorpBanca operates.

CorpBanca is a commercial bank headquartered
in Chile, which also operates in Colombia and Panama, focused on individuals and large and middle-market companies. In 2015, an
accordance with the Chilean Superintendence of Banks, it was one of the largest private banks in Chile, in terms of overall size
of loan portfolio, with a market share of 7.1%.

This agreement represents an important step in ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING’s internationalization process.

The merger was approved by the stockholders
of CorpBanca and BIC and by all proper regulatory authorities in Chile, Brazil, Colombia and Panama. As set forth in the amendment
to the
Transaction

Agreement
, entered into on June 2, 2015, the parties closed the operation on April 1, 2016, when
they had

full conditions for the corporate reorganization process.

The operation was consummated by means of:

i.   Increase in BIC’ capital in the amount of US$ 2,309 million concluded on March 22, 2016;

ii.   Merger of BIC into CorpBanca, with the cancellation of BIC’s shares and issue of new shares by CorpBanca, at the rate of 80,240 shares of CorpBanca for one share of BIC, so that interests resulting from the merger, named Itaú CorpBanca, are 33.58% for ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and 33.13% for Corp Group.

The following corporate structure resulted from the transaction:

Ownership interest
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING   33.58   %
Corp Group   33.13   %
Other non-controlling stockholders   33.29   %

The Itaú CorpBanca was controlled
from the April 1, 2016 fur ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. On the same date, ITAU UNIBANCO HOLDING entered into a shareholders’
agreement with Corp Group, which sets forth, among others, the right of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and Corp Group to appoint
members for the Board of Directors of Itaú CorpBanca in accordance to their interests in capital stock, and this group of
shareholders will have the right to appoint the majority of members of the Board of Directors of Itaú CorpBanca and ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING will be entitled to appoint the majority of members elected by this block. Except for certain strategic matters
of Itaú CorpBanca, on which Corp Group has the right of veto, the members of the board of directors appointed by Corp Group
should vote as recommended by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

F- 35

The fair value of the consideration
transferred by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING due to its interest in Itaú CorpBanca was R$ 10,517, based on the quotation
of CorpBanca’s shares on the Santiago Stock Exchange.

The consideration transferred resulted
in goodwill for future expected profitability of R$ 6,928. Additionally, a goodwill of R$ 692 was generated in Brazil due to the
difference between the equity value of BIC and the equity value of Itaú CorpBanca resulting from the merger. This amount
will not be deducted for tax purposes, except in case of disposal or merger of the investment.

The table below summarizes the main assets acquired and
liabilities assumed on the acquisition date:

CorpBanca

Assets   04/01/2016
Cash and deposits on demand   5,869
Interbank deposits   3,712
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   186
Financial assets held for trading   5,684
Derivatives   6,628
Available-for-sale financial assets   7,164
Held-to-maturity financial assets   236
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio, net   75,222
Other financial assets   3,018
Goodwill   888
Fixed assets, net   494
Intangible assets, net   2,603
Tax assets   1,413
Assets held for sale   2
Other assets   1,257
Total assets   114,376
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity   04/01/2016
Deposits   68,387
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   4,052
Derivatives   5,749
Interbank market debt   6,429
Institucional market debt   17,025
Other financial liabilities   1,583
Provisions   140
Tax liabilities   1,341
Other liabilities   2,619
Total liabilities   107,325
Plan net assets   7,051
Non-controlling interests   1,515
Net assets assumed   5,536
Adjustment to fair value of net assets assumed   (1,946   )
Net assets assumed at fair value   3,590

Up to one year from acquisition date,
adjustments to the reported amounts will be made to reflect any new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed
at the transaction completion date, as provided for in IFRS 3 – Business Combinations.

Contingent liabilities have not been recorded due to the
acquisition.

Additionally, on October 26, 2016,
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, by means of its controlled subsidiary, ITB Holding Brasil Participações Ltda., it has
indirectly acquired 10,908,002,836 shares of Itaú CorpBanca, for equivalent to R$ 288.1.

The possibility of implementing the
acquisition of such Shares was already set forth in the shareholders’ agreement entered into on April 1st, 2016 between ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING and Corp Group and certain of its affiliates. As a consequence, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s ownership
in Itaú CorpBanca increased from approximately 33.58% to 35.71%, without altering its current governance.

F- 36

This transaction was implemented by
means of the acquisition of 100% of the capital stock of a company named CGB II SpA, which is the current holder of the shares.
All the required regulatory approvals have been obtained on October of 2016.

The acquisitions did not have accounting
effects on the net income of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING on initial recognition.

MaxiPago

On September 3, 2014, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING, through its subsidiary Redecard S.A. (Rede) entered into a share purchase agreement with the controlling shareholders
of MaxiPago Serviços de Internet S.A. (MaxiPago), a gateway company – network interconnection for mobile electronic
payments.

On the same date, subscription and
payment of 19,336 shares (33.33%) and acquisition of 24,174 shares (41.67%) were carried out, so that Rede became the holder of
43,510 common shares, representing 75% of total voting capital of MaxiPago.

After the compliance with the conditions
precedent and approval by proper regulatory authorities, the operation was closed on January 8, 2015.

The difference between the amount paid
and net assets at fair value resulted in the recognition of goodwill due to expected future profitability.

Purchase price   15
(-) Fair value of identified assets and liabilities   (4   )
(=) Goodwill   11

In the second semester of 2016, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING CONSOLIDATED, through its subsidiary Rede, increasead the capital of MaxiPago by 21.98 and acquired additional
interest ownership of 3.02%, for the amount of R$ 2, and now holds 100% of MaxiPago’s capital stock.

F- 37

Note 4 - Cash and cash equivalents

For purposes of consolidated statements
of cash flows, Cash and cash equivalents in this note comprises the following items:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Cash and deposits on demand   18,542   18,544
Interbank deposits   13,358   22,022
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   64,219   51,083
Total   96,119   91,649

Amounts related to interbank deposits
and securities purchased under agreements to resell not included in cash equivalents are R$ 9,334 (R$ 8,503 at 12/31/2015) and
R$ 200,832 (R$ 203,321 at 12/31/2015), respectively.

Note 5 - Central Bank compulsory deposits

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Non-interest bearing deposits   3,002   3,790
Interest-bearing deposits   82,698   62,766
Total   85,700   66,556

Note 6 - Interbank deposits and securities purchased
under agreements to resell

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Interbank deposits   21,503   1,189   22,692   29,769   756   30,525
Securities purchased under agreements to resell (*)   264,740   311   265,051   254,404   -   254,404
Total   286,243   1,500   287,743   284,173   756   284,929

(*) The amounts
of R$ 4,329 (R$ 9,461 at 12/31/2015) are pledged in guarantee of operations on BM&FBOVESPA S.A. - Bolsa de Valores, Mercadorias
e Futuros and Central Bank and the amounts of R$ 178,070 (R$ 152,551 at 12/31/2015) are pledged in guarantee of repurchase agreement
transactions, in conformity with the policies described in Note 2.4d.

F- 38

Note 7 – Financial assets held for trading and
designated at fair value through profit or loss

a)
Financial assets held for trading recognized at
their fair value are presented in the following table:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Accumulated gain /   Accumulated gain /
(loss) reflected in   (loss) reflected in
Cost   income   Fair value   Cost   income   Fair value
Investment funds   1,170   3   1,173   1,110   (59   )   1,051
Brazilian government securities (1a)   159,602   422   160,024   117,848   (795   )   117,053
Brazilian external debt bonds (1b)   5,275   50   5,325   4,672   (241   )   4,431
Government securities – abroad (1c)   3,714   21   3,735   1,140   9   1,149
Argentina   634   17   651   682   14   696
Chile   126   1   127   36   -   36
Colombia   2,666   3   2,669   77   (5   )   72
United States   78   -   78   132   -   132
Mexico   6   -   6   3   -   3
Paraguay   88   -   88   68   -   68
Uruguay   32   -   32   40   -   40
Other   84   -   84   102   -   102
Corporate securities (1d)   34,425   (34   )   34,391   40,659   (32   )   40,627
Shares   2,598   (107   )   2,491   2,231   (70   )   2,161
Bank deposit certificates   1,824   -   1,824   2,583   -   2,583
Debentures   3,129   61   3,190   4,460   62   4,522
Eurobonds and other   654   8   662   1,015   (24   )   991
Financial credit bills   25,893   -   25,893   30,367   -   30,367
Other   327   4   331   3   -   3
Total (2)   204,186   462   204,648   165,429   (1,118   )   164,311

(1)	Assets
held for trading pledged as collateral of funding transactions of financial institutions and clients were: a) R$ 7,696 (R$ 7,384
at 12/31/2015), b) R$ 4,045 (R$ 3,541 at 12/31/2015), c) 1,183 (R$ 68 at 12/31/2015) and d) R$ 26 (R$ 15 at 12/31/2015), totaling
R$ 12,950 (R$ 11,008 at 12/31/2015).

(2)   In the period, there was no reclassification of held for trading financial assets to other categories
of financial assets.

F- 39

The cost and fair value of financial assets held for trading
by maturity are as follows:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Cost   Fair value   Cost   Fair value
Current   34,302   34,206   36,045   35,934
Non-stated maturity   3,356   3,206   3,341   3,212
Up to one year   30,946   31,000   32,704   32,722
Non-current   169,884   170,442   129,384   128,377
From one to five years   117,748   118,050   57,923   57,700
From five to ten years   42,135   42,284   66,148   65,437
After ten years   10,001   10,108   5,313   5,240
Total   204,186   204,648   165,429   164,311

Financial assets held for trading include
assets with a fair value of R$ 142,081 (R$ 117,128 at 12/31/2015) that belong to investment funds wholly owned by Itaú Vida
e Previdência S.A. The return of those assets (positive or negative) is fully transferred to customers of our PGBL and VGBL
private pension plans whose premiums (less fees charged by us) are used by our subsidiary to purchase quotas of those investment
funds.

b)
Financial assets designated at fair value through
profit or loss are presented in the following table:

12/31/2016
Cost   Accumulated gain / (loss) reflected in income   Fair value
Brazilian external debt bonds   1,183   8   1,191
Total   1,183   8   1,191

12/31/2015
Cost   Accumulated gain/(loss) reflected in income   Fair value
Brazilian external debt bonds   493   13   506
Government securities – abroad   143   (7   )   136
Total   636   6   642

The cost and fair value by maturity of financial assets
designated as fair value through profit or loss were as follows:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Cost   Fair value   Cost   Fair value
Current   1,183   1,191   -   -
Up to one year   1,183   1,191   -   -
Non-current   -   -   636   642
From one to five years   -   636   642

F- 40

Note 8 – Derivatives

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING enters into derivative
financial instruments with various counterparties to manage its overall exposures and to assist its customers in managing their
own exposures.

Futures
–

Interest rate
and foreign currency futures contracts are commitments to buy or sell a financial

instrument at a future date, at a contracted
price or yield and may be settled in cash or through delivery. The notional amount represents the face value of the underlying
instrument. Commodity futures contracts or financial instruments are commitments to buy or sell commodities (mainly gold, coffee
and orange juice), at a future date, at a contracted price, which are settled in cash. The notional amount represents the quantity
of such commodities multiplied by the future price at the contract date. Daily cash settlements of price movements are made for
all instruments.

Forwards
–

Interest forward
contracts are agreements to exchange payments on a specified future date, based

on a market change in interest rates from
trade date to contract settlement date. Foreign exchange forward contracts represent agreements to exchange the currency of one
country for the currency of another country at an agreed price, at an agreed settlement date. Financial instrument forward contracts
are commitments to buy or sell a financial instrument on a future date at a contracted price and are settled in cash.

Swaps
–

Interest rate and
foreign exchange swap contracts are commitments to settle in cash at a future date

or dates, based on differentials between
specified financial indices (either two different interest rates in a single currency or two different rates each in a different
currency), as applied to a notional principal amount. Swap contracts presented in Other in the table below correspond substantially
to inflation rate swap contracts.

Options
–

Option contracts
give the purchaser, for a fee, the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell within a

limited time a financial instrument
including a flow of interest, foreign currencies, commodities, or financial instruments at a contracted price that may also be
settled in cash, based on differentials between specific indices.

Credit Derivatives
–

Credit
derivatives are financial instruments with value relating to the credit risk associated

to the debt issued by a third party
(the reference entity), which permits that one party (the purchaser of the hedge) transfers the risk to the counterparty (the seller
of the hedge). The seller of the hedge should make payments as set forth in the contract when the reference entity undergoes a
credit event, such as bankruptcy, default or debt restructuring. The seller of the hedge receives a premium for the hedge, but,
on the other hand, assumes the risk that the underlying asset referenced in the contract undergoes a credit event, and the seller
would have to make the payment to the purchaser of the hedge, which could be the notional amount of the credit derivative.

The total value of margins pledged in guarantee
by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING was R$ 12,246 (R$ 7,757 at 12/31/2015) and was basically comprised of government securities.

F- 41

The following table shows the composition of derivatives
by index:

Off-balance sheet notional amount   Balance sheet account receivable / (received) (payable) paid   Adjustment to market value (in results / stockholders’ equity)   Fair value
12/31/2016   12/31/2016   12/31/2016   12/31/2016
Futures contracts   666,927   61   66   127
Purchase commitments   200,752   (237   )   86   (151   )
Commodities   147   -   -   -
Indices   47,295   (213   )   3   (210   )
Interbank market   109,649   1   -   1
Foreign currency   31,141   (25   )   83   58
Securities   12,520   -   -   -
Commitments to sell   466,175   298   (20   )   278
Commodities   284   -   -   -
Indices   169,930   306   (1   )   305
Interbank market   213,991   (11   )   1   (10   )
Foreign currency   70,719   3   (22   )   (19   )
Fixed rate   941   -   2   2
Securities   10,275   -   -   -
Other   35   -   -   -
Swap contracts   (4,446   )   1,767   (2,679   )
Asset position   471,221   6,602   3,940   10,542
Commodities   5   -   -   -
Indices   196,505   794   456   1,250
Interbank market   47,210   1,897   7   1,904
Foreign currency   13,582   1,136   (1   )   1,135
Floating rate   38,262   (21   )   1,471   1,450
Fixed rate   175,609   2,795   2,007   4,802
Securities   12   -   -   -
Other   36   1   -   1
Liability position   475,667   (11,048   )   (2,173   )   (13,221   )
Commodities   131   -   -   -
Indices   147,560   (2,729   )   (2,115   )   (4,844   )
Interbank market   36,554   (328   )   (68   )   (396   )
Foreign currency   21,156   (915   )   17   (898   )
Floating rate   36,438   (140   )   (1,204   )   (1,344   )
Fixed rate   233,780   (6,926   )   1,195   (5,731   )
Securities   20   (10   )   2   (8   )
Other   28   -   -   -
Option contracts   583,527   (2,108   )   2,348   240
Purchase commitments – long position   163,069   1,490   (625   )   865
Commodities   404   16   1   17
Indices   99,978   111   (8   )   103
Interbank market   1,247   1   20   21
Foreign currency   45,106   1,205   (835   )   370
Fixed rate   11   -   -   -
Securities   16,254   150   187   337
Other   69   7   10   17
Commitments to sell – long position   142,234   1,713   2,214   3,927
Commodities   162   4   5   9
Indices   92,088   106   (9   )   97
Interbank market   7,533   6   (2   )   4
Foreign currency   33,078   1,348   2,101   3,449
Fixed rate   145   6   (3   )   3
Securities   9,211   243   122   365
Other   17   -   -   -
Purchase commitments – short position   129,392   (2,674   )   1,721   (953   )
Commodities   239   (3   )   (8   )   (11   )
Indices   83,283   (161   )   29   (132   )
Interbank market   95   -   -   -
Foreign currency   39,900   (2,447   )   1,875   (572   )
Fixed rate   94   (1   )   -   (1   )
Securities   5,599   (54   )   (166   )   (220   )
Other   182   (8   )   (9   )   (17   )
Commitments to sell – short position   148,832   (2,637   )   (962   )   (3,599   )
Commodities   268   (17   )   (3   )   (20   )
Indices   104,268   (137   )   51   (86   )
Interbank market   3,438   (10   )   2   (8   )
Foreign currency   34,132   (2,258   )   (884   )   (3,142   )
Fixed rate   28   (1   )   -   (1   )
Securities   6,681   (214   )   (128   )   (342   )
Other   17   -   -   -

F- 42

Off-balance sheet notional amount   Balance sheet account receivable / (received) (payable) paid   Adjustment to market value (in results / stockholders’ equity)   Fair value
12/31/2016   12/31/2016   12/31/2016   12/31/2016
Forward operations (onshore)   13,429   1,446   (5   )   1,441
Purchases receivable   1,186   1,240   (5   )   1,235
Floating rate   546   545   1   546
Fixed rate   395   450   -   450
Securities   245   245   (6   )   239
Purchases payable   -   (971   )   -   (971   )
Floating rate   -   (545   )   -   (545   )
Fixed rate   -   (421   )   -   (421   )
Securities   -   (5   )   -   (5   )
Sales receivable   8,139   3,734   2   3,736
Interbank market   4,396   8   -   8
Floating rate   300   300   -   300
Fixed rate   2,250   2,257   -   2,257
Securities   1,193   1,169   2   1,171
Sales deliverable   4,104   (2,557   )   (2   )   (2,559   )
Interbank market   4,104   -   (2   )   (2   )
Floating rate   -   (300   )   -   (300   )
Fixed rate   -   (2,257   )   -   (2,257   )
Credit derivatives   12,100   -   34   34
Asset position   5,306   190   (9   )   181
Foreign currency   3,876   188   (56   )   132
Fixed rate   114   -   2   2
Securities   1,161   2   41   43
Other   155   -   4   4
Liability position   6,794   (190   )   43   (147   )
Foreign currency   5,487   (189   )   70   (119   )
Fixed rate   33   (1   )   -   (1   )
Securities   974   -   (21   )   (21   )
Other   300   -   (6   )   (6   )
Forwards operations (offshore)   250,775   472   162   634
Asset position   134,049   3,283   176   3,459
Commodities   206   18   1   19
Indices   148   9   -   9
Foreign currency   133,693   3,256   175   3,431
Securities   2   -   -   -
Liability position   116,726   (2,811   )   (14   )   (2,825   )
Commodities   244   (27   )   2   (25   )
Indices   27   -   -   -
Foreign currency   116,437   (2,784   )   (16   )   (2,800   )
Securities   18   -   -   -
Check of swap   1,493   (326   )   61   (265   )
Asset position - Foreign currency   923   18   70   88
Liability position - Interbank market   570   (344   )   (9   )   (353   )
Other derivative financial instruments   4,217   45   (44   )   1
Asset position   2,569   48   23   71
Foreign currency   148   (3   )   8   5
Fixed rate   1,174   48   (5   )   43
Securities   940   3   14   17
Other   307   -   6   6
Liability position   1,648   (3   )   (67   )   (70   )
Commodities   2   -   -   -
Foreign currency   84   -   (32   )   (32   )
Fixed rate   81   (1   )   (1   )   (2   )
Securities   1,317   (2   )   (30   )   (32   )
Other   164   -   (4   )   (4   )
Asset   18,379   5,852   24,231
Liability   (23,235   )   (1,463   )   (24,698   )
Total   (4,856   )   4,389   (467   )

Derivative contracts mature as follows (in days):
Off-balance sheet – notional amount   0 - 30   31 - 180   181 - 365   Over 365   12/31/2016
Futures contractsK   184,309   221,487   50,749   210,382   666,927
Swaps contracts - difference payable   17,588   67,405   50,000   329,626   464,619
Options   191,242   191,998   175,220   25,067   583,527
Forwards (onshore)   9,197   4,230   2   -   13,429
Credit derivatives   -   1,233   1,098   9,769   12,100
Forwards (offshore)   63,764   124,695   42,700   19,616   250,775
Check of swap   -   180   913   400   1,493
Other derivative financial instruments   32   579   418   3,188   4,217

F- 43

The following table shows the composition of derivatives
by index:

Off-balance sheet notional amount   Balance sheet account receivable / (received) (payable) paid   Adjustment to market value (in results / stockholders’ equity)   Fair value
12/31/2015   12/31/2015   12/31/2015   12/31/2015
Futures contracts   589,451   (71   )   600   529
Purchase commitments   189,037   702   624   1,326
Commodities   316   -   -   -
Indices   60,485   702   (6   )   696
Interbank market   88,411   (40   )   1   (39   )
Foreign currency   34,228   40   629   669
Securities   5,508   -   -   -
Other   89   -   -   -
Commitments to sell   400,414   (773   )   (24   )   (797   )
Commodities   158   -   -   -
Indices   73,466   (754   )   8   (746   )
Interbank market   190,855   60   -   60
Foreign currency   129,357   (79   )   (32   )   (111   )
Securities   6,260   -   -   -
Other   318   -   -   -
Swap contracts   (8,848   )   1,664   (7,184   )
Asset position   327,834   4,764   4,383   9,147
Commodities   4   -   -   -
Indices   134,426   (18   )   1,050   1,032
Interbank market   60,888   426   818   1,244
Foreign currency   14,668   3,068   1,234   4,302
Floating rate   11,491   377   143   520
Fixed rate   106,316   911   1,138   2,049
Securities   25   -   -   -
Other   16   -   -   -
Liability position   336,682   (13,612   )   (2,719   )   (16,331   )
Commodities   15   -   -   -
Indices   100,826   (2,316   )   (311   )   (2,627   )
Interbank market   37,889   (233   )   (1,167   )   (1,400   )
Foreign currency   33,944   (6,084   )   (756   )   (6,840   )
Floating rate   11,195   (155   )   (560   )   (715   )
Fixed rate   152,593   (4,795   )   70   (4,725   )
Securities   64   (29   )   5   (24   )
Other   156   -   -   -
Option contracts   285,405   136   (336   )   (200   )
Purchase commitments – long position   61,880   2,288   1,661   3,949
Commodities   481   25   (11   )   14
Indices   5,505   66   (25   )   41
Interbank market   5,116   15   6   21
Foreign currency   44,802   2,073   1,474   3,547
Fixed rate   6   -   -   -
Securities   5,872   101   208   309
Other   98   8   9   17
Commitments to sell – long position   85,099   1,481   153   1,634
Commodities   159   9   12   21
Indices   27,824   133   16   149
Interbank market   12,347   16   (16   )   -
Foreign currency   36,526   1,024   (557   )   467
Fixed rate   179   8   (1   )   7
Securities   8,015   291   698   989
Other   49   -   1   1
Purchase commitments – short position   58,929   (2,020   )   (2,141   )   (4,161   )
Commodities   249   (6   )   -   (6   )
Indices   5,418   (66   )   21   (45   )
Interbank market   5,146   (21   )   (30   )   (51   )
Foreign currency   42,750   (1,864   )   (1,902   )   (3,766   )
Fixed rate   112   -   -   -
Securities   5,156   (55   )   (221   )   (276   )
Other   98   (8   )   (9   )   (17   )
Commitments to sell – short position   79,497   (1,613   )   (9   )   (1,622   )
Commodities   290   (22   )   (39   )   (61   )
Indices   30,277   (158   )   (23   )   (181   )
Interbank market   7,694   (10   )   10   -
Foreign currency   33,751   (1,147   )   740   (407   )
Fixed rate   22   (1   )   -   (1   )
Securities   7,414   (275   )   (696   )   (971   )
Other   49   -   (1   )   (1   )

F- 44

Off-balance sheet notional amount   Balance sheet account receivable / (received) (payable) paid   Adjustment to market value (in results / stockholders equity)   Fair value
12/31/2015   12/31/2015   12/31/2015   12/31/2015
Forwards operations (onshore)   40,227   2,253   80   2,333
Purchases receivable   516   636   -   636
Foreign currency   -   1   -   1
Floating rate   354   353   -   353
Fixed rate   154   273   -   273
Securities   8   9   -   9
Purchases payable   -   (508   )   -   (508   )
Floating rate   -   (353   )   -   (353   )
Fixed rate   -   (154   )   -   (154   )
Securities   -   (1   )   -   (1   )
Sales receivable   23,208   2,448   82   2,530
Interbank market   20,697   -   73   73
Floating rate   164   164   -   164
Fixed rate   153   157   -   157
Securities   2,194   2,127   9   2,136
Sales deliverable   16,503   (323   )   (2   )   (325   )
Interbank market   16,503   -   (3   )   (3   )
Foreign currency   -   (2   )   -   (2   )
Floating rate   -   (164   )   1   (163   )
Fixed rate   -   (157   )   -   (157   )
Credit derivatives   12,662   58   (319   )   (261   )
Asset position   4,605   353   261   614
Foreign currency   3,625   353   212   565
Securities   788   -   45   45
Other   192   -   4   4
Liability position   8,057   (295   )   (580   )   (875   )
Foreign currency   4,360   (290   )   (267   )   (557   )
Fixed rate   547   (6   )   (3   )   (9   )
Securities   2,763   1   (275   )   (274   )
Other   387   -   (35   )   (35   )
Forwards operations (offshore)   148,477   203   85   288
Asset position   71,227   3,285   145   3,430
Commodities   419   47   -   47
Indices   22   1   -   1
Foreign currency   70,786   3,237   145   3,382
Liability position   77,250   (3,082   )   (60   )   (3,142   )
Commodities   152   (13   )   2   (11   )
Indices   77   (3   )   -   (3   )
Foreign currency   77,020   (3,066   )   (62   )   (3,128   )
Securities   1   -   -   -
Check of swap   1,676   (330   )   140   (190   )
Asset position - Foreign currency   1,106   199   156   355
Liability position - Interbank market   570   (529   )   (16   )   (545   )
Other derivative financial instruments   16,651   117   252   369
Asset position   15,508   2,964   967   3,931
Foreign currency   10,468   2,883   588   3,471
Fixed rate   1,464   71   63   134
Securities   3,113   10   279   289
Other   463   -   37   37
Liability position   1,143   (2,847   )   (715   )   (3,562   )
Foreign currency   283   (2,847   )   (687   )   (3,534   )
Securities   743   -   (25   )   (25   )
Other   117   -   (3   )   (3   )
Asset   18,347   8,408   26,755
Liability   (24,829   )   (6,242   )   (31,071   )
Total   (6,482   )   2,166   (4,316   )

Derivative contracts mature as follows (in days):
Off-balance sheet - notional amount   0 - 30   31 - 180   181 - 365   Over 365   12/31/2015
Futures contracts   152,087   138,545   74,365   224,454   589,451
Swaps contracts - difference payable   10,654   39,702   46,157   226,557   323,070
Options   93,587   123,391   40,860   27,567   285,405
Forwards (onshore)   6,591   22,349   10,118   1,169   40,227
Credit derivatives   -   1,436   428   10,798   12,662
Forwards (offshore)   43,651   70,688   23,365   10,773   148,477
Check of swap   -   -   -   1,676   1,676
Other derivative financial instruments   1,550   3,254   502   11,345   16,651

F- 45

Derivative financial instruments

See below the composition of the Derivative financial instruments
portfolio (assets and liabilities) by type of instrument, stated fair value, and by maturity.

12/31/2016
Fair value   %   0-30 days   31-90 days   91-180 days   181-365 days   366-720 days   Over 720 days
Assets
Futures contracts   127   0.5   85   51   13   (18   )   (6   )   2
BM&FBOVESPA   128   0.5   85   52   13   (18   )   (6   )   2
Financial institutions   (1   )   0.0   -   (1   )   -   -   -   -
Swaps – difference receivable   10,542   43.5   828   723   585   659   1,497   6,250
BM&FBOVESPA   1,417   5.8   178   156   218   58   206   601
Companies   4,585   18.9   322   354   227   390   764   2,528
Financial institutions   4,256   17.6   319   197   122   196   447   2,975
Individuals   284   1.2   9   16   18   15   80   146
Option premiums   4,792   19.7   354   582   759   1,540   1,397   160
BM&FBOVESPA   1,679   6.9   144   209   182   1,075   41   28
Companies   507   2.1   23   19   88   134   188   55
Financial institutions   2,603   10.7   187   354   488   329   1,168   77
Individuals   3   0.0   -   -   1   2   -   -
Forwards (onshore)   4,971   20.6   3,947   735   287   2   -   -
BM&FBOVESPA   1,418   5.9   427   703   286   2   -   -
Companies   2,783   11.5   2,750   32   1   -   -   -
Financial institutions   770   3.2   770   -   -   -   -   -
Credit derivatives - financial Institutions   181   0.7   -   -   3   5   13   160
Forwards (offshore)   3,459   14.3   601   1,252   444   579   245   338
BM&FBOVESPA   305   1.3   82   123   56   44   -   -
Companies   1,243   5.1   185   344   216   231   200   67
Financial institutions   1,908   7.9   333   783   172   304   45   271
Individuals   3   0.0   1   2   -   -   -   -
Check of swap - Companies   88   0.4   -   -   35   53   -   -
Other   71   0.3   -   -   1   6   13   51
Companies   29   0.1   -   -   -   5   8   16
Financial institutions   42   0.2   -   -   1   1   5   35
Total (*)   24,231   100.0   5,815   3,343   2,127   2,826   3,159   6,961
% per maturity term   24.0   13.8   8.8   11.7   13.0   28.7

(*) Of the total asset portfolio of Derivative Financial
Instruments, R$ 14,111 refers to current and R$ 10,120 to non-current.

F- 46

Derivative financial instruments

See below the composition of the Derivative Financial Instruments
portfolio (assets and liabilities) by type of instrument, stated fair value and by maturity.

12/31/2015
Fair value   %   0-30 days   31-90 days   91-180 days   181-365 days   366-720 days   Over 720 days
Assets
Futures - BM&FBOVESPA   529   2.0   639   (155   )   (18   )   (49   )   76   36
Swaps – difference receivable   9,147   34.2   666   224   403   1,513   1,935   4,406
BM&FBOVESPA   662   2.5   17   13   25   104   126   377
Companies   5,127   19.1   627   29   46   1,037   838   2,550
Financial institutions   2,826   10.6   21   177   325   329   657   1,317
Individuals   532   2.0   1   5   7   43   314   162
Option premiums   5,583   20.8   2,413   676   609   715   692   478
BM&FBOVESPA   2,597   9.7   2,074   228   140   113   31   11
Companies   1,278   4.8   118   147   131   194   412   276
Financial institutions   1,697   6.3   221   300   337   399   249   191
Individuals   11   0.0   -   1   1   9   -   -
Forwards (onshore)   3,166   11.9   1,204   1,417   538   6   1   -
BM&FBOVESPA   2,218   8.3   368   1,313   530   6   1   -
Companies   530   2.0   418   104   8   -   -   -
Financial institutions   418   1.6   418   -   -   -   -   -
Credit derivatives - financial institutions   614   2.3   -   -   2   2   26   584
Forwards (offshore)   3,430   12.8   1,030   794   526   434   233   413
BM&FBOVESPA   47   0.2   3   19   7   18   -   -
Companies   1,453   5.4   177   327   288   294   135   232
Financial institutions   1,927   7.2   850   447   230   121   98   181
Individuals   3   0.0   -   1   1   1   -   -
Check of swap - Companies   355   1.3   -   -   -   -   355   -
Other   3,931   14.7   88   1,269   867   32   112   1,563
Companies   415   1.6   3   13   14   14   74   297
Financial institutions   3,516   13.1   85   1,256   853   18   38   1,266
Total (*)   26,755   100.0   6,040   4,225   2,927   2,653   3,430   7,480
% per maturity term   22.6   15.8   10.9   9.9   12.8   28.0

(*) Of the total asset portfolio of Derivative Financial
Instruments, R$ 15,845 refers to current and R$ 10,910 to non-current.

F- 47

12/31/2016
Fair value   %   0 - 30 days   31 - 90 days   91 - 180 days   181 - 365 days   366 - 720 days   Over 720 days
Liabilities
Swaps – Difference payable   (13,221   )   53.4   (461   )   (228   )   (742   )   (732   )   (2,352   )   (8,706   )
BM&FBOVESPA   (1,614   )   6.5   (304   )   (75   )   (124   )   (97   )   (125   )   (889   )
Companies   (2,531   )   10.2   (67   )   (32   )   (90   )   (248   )   (573   )   (1,521   )
Financial institutions   (4,106   )   16.6   (79   )   (103   )   (128   )   (311   )   (554   )   (2,931   )
Individuals   (4,970   )   20.1   (11   )   (18   )   (400   )   (76   )   (1,100   )   (3,365   )
Option premiums   (4,552   )   18.5   (837   )   (659   )   (516   )   (713   )   (1,116   )   (711   )
BM&FBOVESPA   (1,437   )   5.8   (524   )   (216   )   (201   )   (455   )   (30   )   (11   )
Companies   (631   )   2.6   (48   )   (28   )   (103   )   (170   )   (200   )   (82   )
Financial institutions   (2,463   )   10.0   (265   )   (414   )   (208   )   (81   )   (882   )   (613   )
Individuals   (21   )   0.1   -   (1   )   (4   )   (7   )   (4   )   (5   )
Forwards (onshore)   (3,530   )   14.3   (3,530   )   -   -   -   -   -
BM&FBOVESPA   (6   )   0.0   (6   )   -   -   -   -   -
Companies   (2,754   )   11.2   (2,754   )   -   -   -   -   -
Financial institutions   (770   )   3.1   (770   )   -   -   -   -   -
Credit derivatives - Financial institutions   (147   )   0.6   -   -   -   (2   )   (10   )   (135   )
Forwards (offshore)   (2,825   )   11.5   (466   )   (881   )   (527   )   (299   )   (99   )   (553   )
BM&FBOVESPA   (259   )   1.0   (102   )   (76   )   (41   )   (40   )   -   -
Companies   (648   )   2.6   (166   )   (158   )   (124   )   (129   )   (37   )   (34   )
Financial institutions   (1,916   )   7.9   (198   )   (647   )   (360   )   (130   )   (62   )   (519   )
Individuals   (2   )   0.0   -   -   (2   )   -   -   -
Check of swap - Companies   (353   )   1.4   -   -   -   (214   )   (139   )   -
Other - Companies   (70   )   0.3   -   (1   )   (1   )   (1   )   (10   )   (57   )
Total (*)   (24,698   )   100.0   (5,294   )   (1,769   )   (1,786   )   (1,961   )   (3,726   )   (10,162   )
% per maturity term   21.4   7.2   7.2   7.9   15.1   41.2

(*) Of the total liability portfolio of Derivative Financial
Instruments, R$ (10,810) refers to current and R$ (13,888) to non-current.

F- 48

12/31/2015
Fair value   %   0 - 30 days   31 - 90 days   91 - 180 days   181 - 365 days   366 - 720 days   Over 720 days
Liabilities
Swaps – difference payable   (16,331   )   52.6   (783   )   (481   )   (989   )   (1,898   )   (2,618   )   (9,562   )
BM&FBOVESPA   (1,107   )   3.6   (9   )   (10   )   (35   )   (145   )   (340   )   (568   )
Companies   (5,912   )   19.0   (703   )   (422   )   (279   )   (953   )   (1,339   )   (2,216   )
Financial institutions   (3,530   )   11.4   (60   )   (21   )   (662   )   (644   )   (284   )   (1,859   )
Individuals   (5,782   )   18.6   (11   )   (28   )   (13   )   (156   )   (655   )   (4,919   )
Option premiums   (5,783   )   18.6   (1,460   )   (1,285   )   (895   )   (845   )   (805   )   (493   )
BM&FBOVESPA   (2,365   )   7.6   (1,112   )   (565   )   (510   )   (130   )   (40   )   (8   )
Companies   (661   )   2.1   (71   )   (45   )   (63   )   (150   )   (144   )   (188   )
Financial institutions   (2,748   )   8.8   (277   )   (674   )   (321   )   (560   )   (620   )   (296   )
Individuals   (9   )   0.1   -   (1   )   (1   )   (5   )   (1   )   (1   )
Forwards (onshore)   (833   )   2.6   (828   )   (4   )   (1   )   -   -   -
BM&FBOVESPA   (5   )   0.0   -   (4   )   (1   )   -   -   -
Companies   (411   )   1.3   (411   )   -   -   -   -   -
Financial institutions   (417   )   1.3   (417   )   -   -   -   -   -
Credit derivatives - Financial institutions   (875   )   2.8   -   (9   )   (9   )   (5   )   (105   )   (747   )
Forwards (offshore)   (3,142   )   10.1   (692   )   (727   )   (785   )   (581   )   (233   )   (124   )
BM&FBOVESPA   (41   )   0.1   (8   )   (10   )   (10   )   (13   )   -   -
Companies   (1,948   )   6.3   (260   )   (478   )   (565   )   (356   )   (179   )   (110   )
Financial institutions   (1,151   )   3.7   (424   )   (238   )   (210   )   (211   )   (54   )   (14   )
Individuals   (2   )   0.0   -   (1   )   -   (1   )   -   -
Check of swap - Companies   (545   )   1.8   -   -   -   -   (335   )   (210   )
Other   (3,562   )   11.5   (87   )   (1,267   )   (857   )   (19   )   (8   )   (1,324   )
Companies   (817   )   2.6   (1   )   (3   )   (6   )   (4   )   (8   )   (795   )
Financial institutions   (2,745   )   8.9   (86   )   (1,264   )   (851   )   (15   )   -   (529   )
Total (*)   (31,071   )   100.0   (3,850   )   (3,773   )   (3,536   )   (3,348   )   (4,104   )   (12,460   )
% per maturity term   12.4   12.1   11.4   10.8   13.2   40.1

(*) Of the total liability portfolio of Derivative Financial
Instruments, R$ (14,507) refers to current and R$ (16,564) to non-current.

F- 49

a) Information on credit derivatives

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING buys and sells
credit protection mainly related to securities of Brazilian listed companies in order to meet the needs of its customers. When
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING sells contracts for credit protection, the exposure for a given reference entity may be partially
or totally offset by a credit protection purchase contract of another counterparty for the same reference entity or similar entity.
The credit derivatives for which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is protection seller are credit default swaps, total return swaps
and credit-linked notes.

Credit Default Swaps – CDS

CDS are credit derivatives in which, upon a
credit event related to the reference entity pursuant to the terms of the contract, the protection buyer is entitled to receive,
from the protection seller, the amount equivalent to the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value
of the liability on the date the contract was settled, also known as the recovered amount. The protection buyer does not need to
hold the debt instrument of the reference entity for it to receive the amounts due pursuant to the CDS contract terms when a credit
event occurs.

Total Return Swap – TRS

TRS is a transaction in which a party swaps
the total return of a reference entity or of a basket of assets for regular cash flows, usually interest and a guarantee against
capital loss. In a TRS contract, the parties do not transfer the ownership of the assets.

The table below presents the portfolio of credit
derivatives in which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING sells protection to third parties, by maturity, and the maximum potential of
future payments, gross of any guarantees, as well as its classification by instrument, risk and reference entity.

12/31/2016
Maximum potential of future payments, gross   Before 1 year   From 1 to 3 years   From 3 to 5 years   Over 5 years
By instrument
CDS   8,094   1,989   3,487   2,585   33
Total by instrument   8,094   1,989   3,487   2,585   33
By risk rating
Investment grade   8,094   1,989   3,487   2,585   33
Total by risk   8,094   1,989   3,487   2,585   33
By reference entity
Private entities   8,094   1,989   3,487   2,585   33
Total by entity   8,094   1,989   3,487   2,585   33

12/31/2015
Maximum potential of future payments, gross   Before 1 year   From 1 to 3 years   From 3 to 5 years   Over 5 years
By instrument
CDS   8,799   1,781   3,301   3,717   -
Total by instrument   8,799   1,781   3,301   3,717   -
By risk rating
Investment grade   8,799   1,781   3,301   3,717   -
Total by risk   8,799   1,781   3,301   3,717   -
By reference entity
Private entities   8,799   1,781   3,301   3,717   -
Total by entity   8,799   1,781   3,301   3,717   -

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING assesses the risk
of a credit derivative based on the credit ratings attributed to the reference entity by independent credit rating agencies. Investment
grade are those entities for which credit risk is rated as Baa3 or higher, as rated by Moody's, and BBB- or higher, according to
the ratings of Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings. The maximum potential loss that may be incurred with the credit derivative
is based on the notional amount of the derivative. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING believes, based on its historical experience, that
the amount of the maximum potential loss does not represent the actual level of loss. This is so because, should there be an event
of loss, the amount of maximum potential loss should be reduced from the notional amount by the recoverable amount.

F- 50

The credit derivatives sold are not covered by guarantees, and during
this period, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has not incurred any loss related to credit derivative contracts.

The following table presents the notional amount of purchased credit
derivatives whose underlying amounts are identical to those for which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING operates as seller of the credit
protection.

12/31/2016
Notional amount of credit protection sold   Notional amount of credit protection purchased with identical underlying amount   Net position
CDS   (8,094   )   4,006   (4,088   )
Total   (8,094   )   4,006   (4,088   )

12/31/2015
Notional amount of credit protection sold   Notional amount of
    credit protection purchased with identical underlying amount   Net position
CDS   (8,799   )   3,863   (4,936   )
Total   (8,799   )   3,863   (4,936   )

F- 51

b) Financial instruments subject to offsetting, enforceable
master netting arrangements and similar agreements

The following tables set forth the
financial assets and liabilities that are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements, as well as how these
financial assets and liabilities have been presented in ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING's consolidated financial statements. These
tables also reflect the amounts of collateral pledged or received in relation to financial assets and liabilities subject to enforceable
arrangements that have not been presented on a net basis in accordance with IAS 32.

Financial assets subject to offsetting, enforceable master
netting arrangements and similar agreements:

12/31/2016
Gross amount of recognized
    financial   Gross amount offset in the   Net amount of financial
    assets presented in the statement of   Related
amounts not offset in the statement of financial position (2)
assets (1)   statement
    of financial position   financial
    position   Financial
    instruments (3)   Cash
    collateral received   Net
    amount
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   265,051   -   265,051   (334   )   -   264,717
Derivatives   24,231   -   24,231   (4,039   )   (540   )   19,652

12/31/2015
Gross amount of recognized
    financial   Gross amount offset in the   Net amount of financial
    assets presented in the statement of   Related
amounts not offset in the statement of financial position (2)
assets (1)   statement
    of financial position   financial
    position   Financial
    instruments (3)   Cash
    collateral received   Net
    amount
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   254,404   -   254,404   (2,569   )   -   251,835
Derivatives   26,755   -   26,755   (8,150   )   -   18,605

Financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master
netting arrangements and similar agreements:

12/31/2016
Gross amount of   Net amount of financial
    liabilities   Related amounts not offset
    in the
recognized financial   Gross amount offset in the   presented in the statement
    of   statement
    of financial position (2)
liabilities (1)   statement
    of financial position   financial
    position   Financial
    instruments (3)   Cash
    collateral pledged   Net
    amount
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   349,164   -   349,164   (17,829   )   -   331,335
Derivatives   24,698   -   24,698   (4,039   )   -   20,659

12/31/2015
Gross amount of   Net amount of financial
    liabilities   Related amounts not offset
    in the
recognized financial   Gross amount offset in the   presented in the statement
    of   statement
    of financial position (2)
liabilities (1)   statement
    of financial position   financial
    position   Financial
    instruments (3)   Cash
    collateral pledged   Net
    amount
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   336,643   -   336,643   (22,158   )   -   314,485
Derivatives   31,071   -   31,071   (8,150   )   (24   )   22,897

(1)
Includes amounts of master offset agreements and other such agreements, both enforceable and unenforceable.

(2) Limited to amounts subject to enforceable master offset
agreements and other such agreements.

(3) Includes amounts subject to enforceable master offset
agreements and other such agreements, and guarantees in financial instruments.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset in
the balance sheet only when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to
settle on a net basis, or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Derivatives and repurchase agreements not set off in the
balance sheet relate to transactions in which there are enforceable master netting agreements or similar agreements, but the offset
criteria have not been met in accordance with paragraph 42 of IAS 32 mainly because ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has no intention
to settle on a net basis, or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

F- 52

Note 9 – Hedge accounting

There are three types of hedge relations:
Fair value hedge, Cash flow hedge, and Hedge of net investment in foreign operations.

a)   Cash flow hedge

To hedge the variation of future
cash flows of interest payment and receipts and exposure to futures interest rate, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses futures contracts
traded at BM&FBOVESPA and Chicago Stock Exchange, related to certain fixed assets and liabilities, denominated in Brazilian
Reais and US Dollars, futures Euro-Dollar and interest rate swaps, related to redeemable preferred shares, denominated in US Dollars,
issued by one of our subsidiaries, DDI Futures contracts, traded on BM&FBOVESPA, related to highly probable forecast transactions
denominated in US Dollars and NDF (Non Deliverable Forward) and currency swap, contracts traded in the over-the-counter market,
related to highly probable forecast transactions not accounted for.

Under a DI Futures contract, a net
payment (receipt) is made for the difference between an amount multiplied by the CDI rate and an amount computed and multiplied
by a fixed rate. Under an interest rate swap, currency and futures Euro-Dollar, a net payment (receipt) is made for the difference
between an amount computed multiplied by the LIBOR rate and an amount computed and multiplied by a fixed rate. In DDI Future contracts,
NDF and Forwards, the gain (loss) on exchange variation is computed as the difference between two periods of market quotation between
the US Dollar and the contracted currency.

The cash flow hedge strategies of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING consist of a hedge of exposure to variations in cash flows, payment of interest and exposure to interest
rate, which are attributable to changes in interest rates related to assets and liabilities recognized and changes in interest
rates of unrecognized assets and liabilities.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has applied cash flow hedge
strategies as follows:

·   Hedge of time deposits and repurchase
agreements: hedge of the variability in cash flows of interest payments resulting from changes in the CDI interest rate.

·   Hedge of redeemable preferred shares:
hedge of the variability in cash flows of interest payments resulting from changes in the LIBOR interest rate.

·   Hedge of subordinated certificates of
deposit (CDB): hedge of the variability in the cash flows of interest payments resulting from changes in the CDI interest rate.

·   Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions:
Protecting the risk associated to variation in the amount of commitments, when measured in Brazilian Reais (parent company’s
functional currency) arising from variations in foreign exchange rates.

·   Hedge of Syndicated Loan: hedge the variability
in cash flow of interest payments resulting from changes in the LIBOR interest rate.

·   Hedge of asset transactions: to hedge
the variations in cash flows of interest receipts resulting from changes in the CDI rate.

·   Hedge of assets denominated in UF*: to
hedge the variations in cash flows of interest receipts resulting from changes in the UF*.

·   Hedge of Funding: to hedge the variations
in cash flows of interest payments resulting from changes in the TPM* rate and foreign exchange.

·   Hedge of loan operations: variations in
cash flows of interest receipts resulting from changes in the TPM* rate.

·   Hedge
of asset-backed securities under repurchase agreements: changes in cash flows from interest received on changes in Selic (benchmark
interest rate).

*UF – Chilean unit of account / TPM – Monetary
policy rate

To evaluate the effectiveness and
to measure the ineffectiveness of such strategies, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the hypothetical derivative method. The hypothetical
derivative method is based on a comparison of the change in the fair value of a hypothetical derivative with terms identical to
the critical terms of the variable-rate liability, and this change in the fair value of a hypothetical derivative is considered
a proxy of the present value of the cumulative change in the future cash flow expected for the hedged liability.

All hedge relationships were designated
between 2008 and 2016. Periods in which expected cash flows should be paid and affect the income statement are as follows:

·   Hedge of time deposits and agreements
to resell: interest paid/received daily.

·   Hedge of redeemable preferred shares:
interest paid/received every half year.

·   Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions:
foreign exchange amount paid / received on future dates.

·   Hedge of Syndicated Loan: interest paid
/ received daily.

·   Hedge of asset transactions: interest
paid / received monthly.

F- 53

·   Hedge of assets denominated in UF*: interest
received monthly.

·   Hedge of funding: interest paid monthly.

·   Hedge of loan operations: interest received
monthly.

Following we present gains (or losses) of the effective
and ineffective of the strategies of cash flow hedge.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Hedge instruments   Accumulated effective portion   Ineffective portion   Accumulated effective portion   Ineffective portion
Interest rate futures   (2,051   )   10   2,947   80
NDF   -   -   16   -
Interest rate swap   (27   )   (2   )   -   -
Total   (2,078   )   8   2,963   80

The effective portion is recognized in the stockholders'
equity, under other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion is recognized in the statement of income under net gain (loss)
on investment securities and derivatives.

To hedge future cash flows of highly probable
forecast transactions, arising from futures contracts in foreign currency, against the exposure to future interest rate, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING negotiated DDI Futures contracts on BM&FBOVESPA and NDF (Non Deliverable Forward) contracts traded in the
over-the-counter market. During the second quarter of 2015, part of the flow of these agreements was realized, and , accordingly,
Asset Valuation Adjustment was reclassified and included in the deemed cost of assets related to Hedge of Highly Probable Forecast
Transaction.

At 12/31/2016, the gain (loss) on cash flow
hedge expected to be reclassified from Comprehensive Income to Income in the following 12 months is R$ 130 (R$ 452 at 12/31/2015).

F- 54

b) Hedge of net investment in foreign operations

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING strategies of
net investments in foreign operations consist of a hedge of the exposure in foreign currency arising from the functional currency
of the foreign operation, with respect to the functional currency of the head office.

To hedge the changes of future cash flows of
exchange variation of net investments in foreign operations, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses DDI Futures contracts traded at
BM&FBOVESPA, Financial Assets and Forward contracts or NDF contracts entered into by our subsidiaries abroad.

In DDI Future contracts, the gain (loss) on
exchange variation is computed as the difference between two periods of market quotation between the US Dollar and Brazilian Real.
In the Forward or NDF contracts and Financial Assets, the gain (loss) on exchange variation is computed as the difference between
two periods of market quotation between the functional currency and the US Dollar.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING applies the hedge of net investment
in foreign operations as follows:

To hedge the risk of variation in the investment
amount, when measured in Brazilian Reais (the head office’s functional currency), arising from changes in exchange rates
between the functional currency of the investment abroad and the Brazilian Real.

To evaluate the effectiveness and to measure
the ineffectiveness of such strategies, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the Dollar Offset Method. The Dollar Offset Method is
based on a comparison of the change in fair value (cash flow) of the hedge instrument, attributable to changes in exchange rate
and gain (loss) arising from the variation in exchange rates, on the amount of investment abroad designated as a hedged item.

Hedge relationships were designated in 2011
and 2012 and the hedge instruments will mature on the sale of investments abroad, which will be in the period when the cash flows
of exchange variation are expected to occur and affect the statement of income.

Following we present gains (or losses) of the
effective and ineffective of the strategies of Hedge of net investment in foreign operations.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Hedge instrument   Accumulated effective portion   Ineffective portion   Accumulated effective portion   Ineffective portion
DDI futures   (7,490   )   (51   )   (11,728   )   (6   )
Forward   683   (48   )   669   44
NDF   2,312   (35   )   2,801   76
Financial assets   43   2   46   -
Total   (4,452   )   (132   )   (8,212   )   114

The effective portion is recognized in the stockholders'
equity, under other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion is recognized in the statement of income under net gain (loss)
on investment securities and derivatives.

DDI Futures is a futures contract in which participants may trade
a clean coupon for any period between the first maturity of the futures contract of foreign currency coupon (DDI) and a later maturity.

NDF (Non Deliverable Forward), or Forward Contract of Currency without
Physical Delivery is a derivative traded on over-the-counter market, which has the foreign exchange rate of a given currency as
its subject.

F- 55

c) Fair value hedge

The fair value hedge strategy of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING consists in hedging the exposure to variation in fair value, in the receipt and payment of interest
related to recognized assets and liabilities.

To hedge the market risk variation
in the receipt and payment of interest, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses interest rate swap contracts related to prefixed assets
and liabilities expressed in UF (Chilean Unit of Accounts - CLF), and Euros and US Dollars, issued by subsidiaries in Chile, London
and Colombia, respectively.

Under an interest rate swap contract,
net receipt (payment) is made for the difference between the amount computed and multiplied by variable rate and an amount computed
and multiplied by a fixed rate.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has applied fair value hedge
as follows:

·   To protect the risk of variation in the
fair value of receipt and payment of interest resulting from variations in the fair value of variable rates involved.

·   To hedge the variations in cash flows
of interest receipts resulting from changes in the CDI rate.

To evaluate the effectiveness and to measure the ineffectiveness
of such strategy, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the percentage approach and dollar offset method:

·   The percentage approach is based on the
calculation of change in the fair value of the reviewed estimate for the hedged position (hedge item) attributable to the protected
risk versus the change in the fair value of the hedged derivative instrument.

·   The dollar offset method is calculated
based on the difference between the variation of the fair value of the hedging instrument and the variation in the fair value of
the hedged item attributed to changes in the interest rate.

Hedge relationships were designated
between 2012 and 2016, and maturities of related swaps will occur between 2017 and 2030. Receipts (payments) of interest flows
are expected to occur on a monthly basis, and they will affect the statement of income.

Following we present gains (or losses) of the effective
and ineffective portions of the strategies of fair value hedge.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Hedge instrument used   Accumulated effective portion   Ineffective portion   Accumulated effective portion   Ineffective portion
Interest rate swap   (90   )   (6   )   (54   )   (3   )
Total   (90   )   (6   )   (54   )   (3   )

The effective and ineffective portion
are recognized in the statement of income under net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives.

F- 56

The tables below present, for each strategy, the notional
amount and the fair value adjustments of hedge instruments and the carrying amount of the hedged item:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Hedge
    instruments   Hedged
    item   Hedge
    instruments   Hedged
    item
Strategies   Notional amount   Fair
    value adjustments   Carrying
    value   Notional amount   Fair
    value adjustments   Carrying
    value
Hedge of deposits and repurchase agreements   83,068   (8   )   83,580   77,905   43   77,922
Hedge of syndicated loan   6,844   (46   )   6,844   8,200   (90   )   8,200
Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions   -   -   -   1,125   16   1,125
Hedge of net investment
    in foreign operations (*)   21,449   221   12,330   21,927   (427   )   12,815
Hedge of loan operations (Cash flow)   1,121   15   1,121   -   -   -
Hedge of assets transactions   24,168   312   26,495   7,405   (263   )   7,876
Hedge of assets denominated in UF   13,147   (20   )   13,147   -   -   -
Hedge of funding (Cash flow)   4,273   (22   )   4,273   -   -   -
Hedge of Asset-backed securities under repurchase agreements   2,546   24   2,524   -   -   -
Hedge of loan operations (Market risk)   2,692   (91   )   2,692   4,346   59   4,346
Hedge of available-for-sale securities   472   (14   )   472   -   -   -
Hedge of funding (Market risk)   8,659   9   8,659   781   -   781
Total   168,439   380   162,137   121,689   (662   )   113,065

(*) Hedge instruments include the overhedge rate of 44.65%
regarding taxes.

The table below shows the breakdown by maturity of the hedging
strategies:

12/31/2016
Strategies   0-1
    year   1-2
    years   2-3
    years   3-4
    years   4-5
    years   5-10
    years   Over
    10 years   Total
Hedge of deposits and repurchase agreements   -   32,132   28,616   10,188   5,646   6,486   -   83,068
Hedge of syndicated loan   6,844   -   -   -   -   -   -   6,844
Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Hedge of assets transactions   4,627   13,719   4,890   -   932   -   -   24,168
Hedge of fixed rate loan operations (Cash flow)   123   -   -   24   141   833   -   1,121
Hedge of net investment
    in foreign operations (*)   21,449   -   -   -   -   -   -   21,449
Hedge of assets denominated in UF   8,940   2,598   1,558   -   51   -   -   13,147
Hedge of funding (Cash flow)   121   1,485   73   536   774   1,284   -   4,273
Hedge of loan operations (Market risk)   189   422   63   29   93   335   1,561   2,692
Hedge of available-for-sale securities   -   -   -   218   -   254   -   472
Hedge of funding (Market risk)   1,266   2,460   3,433   701   72   488   239   8,659
Hedge  of  Asset-backed  securities  under  repurchase
agreements   -   -   1,465   918   163   -   -   2,546
Total   43,559   52,816   40,098   12,614   7,872   9,680   1,800   168,439

(*) Classified as current, since instruments are frequently renewed.

12/31/2015
Strategies   0-1
    year   1-2
    years   2-3
    years   3-4
    years   4-5
    years   5-10
    years   Over
    10 years   Total
Hedge of deposits and repurchase agreements   13,324   28,185   25,779   6,460   1,402   2,755   -   77,905
Hedge of syndicated loan   -   8,200   -   -   -   -   -   8,200
Hedge of highly probable forecast transactions   1,125   -   -   -   -   -   -   1,125
Hedge of assets transactions   -   4,627   2,778   -   -   -   -   7,405
Hedge of fixed rate loan operations   339   276   474   898   88   447   1,824   4,346
Hedge of structured funding (Market risk)   781   -   -   -   -   -   -   781
Hedge
    of net investment in foreign operations (*)   21,927   -   -   -   -   -   -   21,927
Total   37,496   41,288   29,031   7,358   1,490   3,202   1,824   121,689

(*) Classified as current, since instruments are frequently
renewed.

F- 57

Note 10 – Available-for-sale financial assets

The fair value and corresponding cost of available-for-sale
financial assets are as follows:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Accumulated gain /   Accumulated gain /
(loss) reflected in other   (loss) reflected in other
Cost   comprehensive
    income   Fair
    value   Cost   comprehensive
    income   Fair
    value
Investment funds   42   -   42   218   -   218
Brazilian external debt
    bonds (1b)   14,465   (400   )   14,065   19,843   (2,531   )   17,312
Brazilian government
    securities (1a)   17,652   286   17,938   12,702   (906   )   11,796
Government
    securities – abroad (1c)   14,488   (16   )   14,472   9,942   (59   )   9,883
Colombia   1,105   50   1,155   -   -   -
Chile   5,832   12   5,844   1,409   (2   )   1,407
Korea   2,673   -   2,673   1,626   -   1,626
Denmark   819   -   819   2,548   -   2,548
Spain   923   -   923   1,060   -   1,060
United States   1,446   (19   )   1,427   2,028   (6   )   2,022
Netherlands   101   -   101   122   -   122
Paraguay   1,167   (56   )   1,111   955   (43   )   912
Uruguay   413   (2   )   411   185   (7   )   178
Other   9   (1   )   8   9   (1   )   8
Corporate
    securities (1d)   42,176   (416   )   41,760   47,380   (544   )   46,836
Shares   1,020   365   1,385   706   222   928
Rural product note   1,477   (52   )   1,425   1,176   (46   )   1,130
Bank deposit certificates   2,639   2   2,641   1,576   (3   )   1,573
Securitized real estate loans   2,150   (55   )   2,095   2,244   (207   )   2,037
Debentures   21,863   (693   )   21,170   23,153   (318   )   22,835
Eurobonds and others   7,671   44   7,715   10,180   (68   )   10,112
Financial bills   2,822   (6   )   2,816   6,893   (47   )   6,846
Promissory notes   2,191   (18   )   2,173   1,060   (69   )   991
Other   343   (3   )   340   392   (8   )   384
Total (2)   88,823   (546   )   88,277   90,085   (4,040   )   86,045

(1)
Available-for-sale assets pledged as collateral of funding of financial institutions and Clients were: a) R$ 9,120 (R$ 1,755
at 12/31/2015), b) R$ 3,240 (R$ 14,135 at 12/31/2015), c) (R$ 8 at 12/31/2015) and d) R$ 5,075 (R$ 808 at 12/31/2015),
totaling R$ 17,435 (R$ 16,706 at 12/31/2015);

(2)
In the period, there was no reclassification of available-for-sale financial assets to other categories of financial assets.

F- 58

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Cost   Fair value   Cost   Fair value
Current   23,516   23,636   22,754   22,923
Non-stated maturity   1,010   1,375   923   1,145
Up to one year   22,506   22,261   21,831   21,778
Non-current   65,307   64,641   67,331   63,122
From one to five years   39,149   38,969   35,739   35,098
From five to ten years   12,521   12,329   17,041   15,682
After ten years   13,637   13,343   14,551   12,342
Total   88,823   88,277   90,085   86,045

Note 11 - Held-to maturity financial assets

The amortized cost of held-to-maturity financial assets is as follows:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Amortized cost   Amortized cost
Corporate securities   14,977   15,661
Brazilian external debt bonds (1b)   12,042   14,788
Brazilian government securities (1a)   12,937   11,721
Government securities – abroad   539   15
Total (2)   40,495   42,185

(1) Held-to-maturity financial assets pledged as
collateral of funding transactions of financial institutions and clients were a) (R$ 9,460 at 12/31/2015), b) R$ 11,778.

(2) In the period, there was no reclassification
of held-to maturity financial assets to other categories of financial assets.

The interest income related to held-to-maturity
financial assets was R$ 3,788 (R$ 3,758 from 01/01 to 12/31/2015).

The fair value of held-to-maturity financial assets is disclosed
in Note 31.

The amortized cost of Held-to-Maturity Financial
assets by maturity is as follows:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Amortized cost   Amortized cost
Current   2,498   661
Up to one year   2,498   661
Non-current   37,997   41,524
From one to five years   19,376   14,500
From five to ten years   10,957   18,870
After ten years   7,664   8,154
Total   40,495   42,185

F- 59

Note 12 - Loan operations and lease operations portfolio

a)   Composition of loan operations and lease operations

Below is the composition of the carrying
amount of loan operations and lease operations by type, sector of debtor, maturity and concentration:

Loan operations and lease operations by type   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Individuals   183,147   187,220
Credit card   59,022   58,542
Personal loan   25,813   28,396
Payroll loans   44,636   45,434
Vehicles   15,434   20,058
Mortgage loans   38,242   34,790
Corporate   121,754   152,527
Small and medium businesses   58,935   66,038
Foreign loans - Latin America   126,530   68,463
Total loan operations and lease operations   490,366   474,248
Allowance for loan and lease losses   (26,972   )   (26,844   )
Total loan operations and lease operations, net of allowance for loan and lease losses   463,394   447,404

By maturity   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Overdue as from 1 day   16,843   15,596
Falling due up to 3 months   130,313   128,389
Falling due more than 3 months but less than 1 year   112,923   111,083
Falling due after 1 year   230,287   219,180
Total loan operations and lease operations   490,366   474,248

By concentration   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Largest debtor   3,543   4,615
10 largest debtors   21,609   27,173
20 largest debtors   32,720   40,831
50 largest debtors   52,992   63,797
100 largest debtors   72,441   85,167

The breakdown of the Loan and lease
operations portfolio by debtor’s industry is evidenced in Note 36 item 5.1. Maximum exposure of Financial Assets segregated
by business sector.

The accretion of the net present value
of impaired loan operations and lease operations and the respective allowance for loan and lease losses are not presented using
their gross amounts in the statement of income but on a net basis within interest and similar income. If they were presented at
gross amounts, there would be an increase of R$ 2,017, R$ 1,882 and R$ 1,623 in interest and similar income as of 12/31/2016, 12/31/2015
and 12/31/2014 respectively, with the same impact on the allowance for loan and lease losses expenses.

F- 60

b) Allowance for loan and lease losses

The changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses
are shown in the table below:

Composition of the carrying amount by class of
    assets   Opening Balance 12/31/2015   Write-offs   Net increase / (Reversal)   Closing balance 12/31/2016
Individuals   14,717   (13,682   )   13,224   14,259
Credit card   4,141   (4,905   )   4,457   3,693
Personal loans   8,330   (6,745   )   6,171   7,756
Payroll loans   1,319   (1,273   )   2,062   2,108
Vehicles   874   (709   )   479   644
Mortgage loans   53   (50   )   55   58
Corporate   6,459   (4,985   )   4,388   5,862
Small and medium businesses   4,809   (4,267   )   4,201   4,743
Foreign loans - Latin America   859   (1,317   )   2,566   2,108
Total   26,844   (24,251   )   24,379   26,972

Composition of the carrying amount by class of
    assets   Opening balance 12/31/2014   Write-offs   Net increase / (Reversal)   Closing balance 12/31/2015
Individuals   13,385   (11,235   )   12,567   14,717
Credit card   3,740   (4,055   )   4,456   4,141
Personal loans   7,024   (5,221   )   6,527   8,330
Payroll loans   1,107   (622   )   834   1,319
Vehicles   1,469   (1,294   )   699   874
Mortgage loans   45   (43   )   51   53
Corporate   3,114   (4,321   )   7,666   6,459
Small and medium businesses   5,158   (3,981   )   3,632   4,809
Foreign loans - Latin America   735   (528   )   652   859
Total   22,392   (20,065   )   24,517   26,844

Composition of the carrying amount by class of
    assets   Opening balance 12/31/2013   Write-offs   Net increase / (Reversal)   Closing balance 12/31/2014
Individuals   13,853   (12,668   )   12,200   13,385
Credit card   2,952   (3,784   )   4,572   3,740
Personal loans   6,488   (5,150   )   5,686   7,024
Payroll loans   1,133   (429   )   403   1,107
Vehicles   3,245   (3,254   )   1,478   1,469
Mortgage loans   35   (51   )   61   45
Corporate   2,006   (672   )   1,780   3,114
Small and medium businesses   5,854   (4,992   )   4,296   5,158
Foreign loans - Latin America   522   (343   )   556   735
Total   22,235   (18,675   )   18,832   22,392

The composition of the allowance for loan and lease losses
by customer sector is shown in the following table:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Public sector   5   2
Industry and commerce   5,253   4,314
Services   5,237   6,001
Natural resources   872   922
Other sectors   19   18
Individuals   15,586   15,587
Total   26,972   26,844

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING assesses
the objective evidence of impairment for loan operations and lease operations on an individual basis for financial assets that
are individually significant or, in aggregate, for financial assets that are not individually significant (Note 2.4d X).

F- 61

The composition of the allowance for loan and lease losses
by type of assessment for objective evidence of impairment is shown in the following table:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Impaired   Not
    impaired   Total   Impaired   Not
    impaired   Total
Loan   Allowance   Loan   Allowance   Loan   Allowance   Loan   Allowance   Loan   Allowance   Loan   Allowance
I – Individually evaluated
Corporate (*)   14,138   5,351   107,616   511   121,754   5,862   11,627   5,716   140,900   743   152,527   6,459
II- Collectively evaluated
Individuals   10,763   6,756   172,384   7,503   183,147   14,259   11,579   6,587   175,641   8,130   187,220   14,717
Credit card   3,512   2,150   55,510   1,543   59,022   3,693   4,072   2,436   54,470   1,705   58,542   4,141
Personal loans   4,837   3,302   20,976   4,454   25,813   7,756   5,049   3,442   23,347   4,888   28,396   8,330
Payroll loans   1,431   954   43,205   1,154   44,636   2,108   1,242   227   44,192   1,092   45,434   1,319
Vehicles   591   326   14,843   318   15,434   644   880   459   19,178   415   20,058   874
Mortgage loans   392   24   37,850   34   38,242   58   336   23   34,454   30   34,790   53
Small and medium businesses   3,646   2,523   55,289   2,220   58,935   4,743   3,276   2,357   62,762   2,452   66,038   4,809
Foreign loans - Latin America   1,770   727   124,760   1,381   126,530   2,108   675   313   67,788   546   68,463   859
Total   30,317   15,357   460,049   11,615   490,366   26,972   27,157   14,973   447,091   11,871   474,248   26,844

(*) As detailed in Note 2.4.d X, corporate loans
are first evaluated on an individual basis. In the event there is no objective indication of impairment, these are subsequently
evaluated on an aggregate basis in accordance with the characteristics of the operation. As a result, an allowance for loan and
lease losses for corporate loans is recognized, both in the individual and the aggregate evaluation.

F- 62

c)   Present value of lease operations

Below is the analysis of the present
value of minimum future payments receivable from finance leases by maturity basically composed of individual operations - vehicles:

12/31/2016
Minimum future   Future financial   Present
payments   income   value
Current   3,572   (1,636   )   1,936
Up to 1 year   3,572   (1,636   )   1,936
Non-current   9,726   (2,955   )   6,771
From 1 to 5 years   5,741   (2,778   )   2,963
Over 5 years   3,985   (177   )   3,808
Total   13,298   (4,591   )   8,707

12/31/2015
Minimum future   Future financial   Present
payments   income   value
Current   3,075   (794   )   2,281
Up to 1 year   3,075   (794   )   2,281
Non-current   3,402   (1,050   )   2,352
From 1 to 5 years   3,172   (1,014   )   2,158
Over 5 years   230   (36   )   194
Total   6,477   (1,844   )   4,633

The allowance for loan and lease losses related to the
lease portfolio amounts to: R$ 254 (R$ 176 at 12/31/2015).

d)   Sale or transfer of financial assets

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING carried
out operations related to the sale or transfer of financial assets in which there was the retention of credit risks of the financial
assets transferred, through joint obligation clauses. Therefore, such operations remained recorded as loan operations and represent
the following amounts at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Assets   Liabilities (1)   Assets   Liabilities (1)
Nature of operation   Book value   Farir value   Book value   Fair value   Book value   Fair value   Book value   Fair value
Companies – working capital   2,768   2,768   2,768   2,768   2,849   2,849   2,849   2,849
Companies - loan (2)   -   -   8   8   -   -   -   -
Individuals - vehicles (2)   -   -   4   4   -   -   -   -
Individuals – mortgage loan   3,061   2,960   3,055   2,944   2,806   2,763   2,805   2,752
Total   5,829   5,728   5,835   5,724   5,655   5,612   5,654   5,601

(1) Under
Interbank Market Debt.

(2) Assignment
of operations that had already been written down to losses

F- 63

Note 13 - Investments in associates and joint ventures

a) The following table shows the main investments of ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING:

Interest %
at
    12/31/2016   12/31/2016
Total   Voting   Stockholders’ equity   Other Comprehensive Income   Net
    income   Investment   Equity
    in earnings   Market
    value (g)
Associates
Porto
    Seguro Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. (a) (b)   42.93   42.93   4,251   26   293   2,587   241   2,644
BSF
    Holding S.A. (c)   49.00   49.00   2,067   (1   )   396   1,687   194   -
IRB-Brasil
    Resseguros S.A. (a) (d)   15.01   15.01   3,230   (17   )   745   478   109   -
Other (e)   -   -   -   -   -   114   13   -
Joint
    Ventures - Other (f)   -   -   -   -   -   207   (29   )   -
Total   -   -   -   -   -   5,073   528   -

Interest %
at
    12/31/2015   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Total   Voting   Stockholders’ equity   Other comprehensive income   Net
    income   Investment   Equity
    in earnings   Market
    value (g)   Equity
    in earnings
Associates
Porto
    Seguro Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. (a) (b)   42.93   42.93   3,931   (26   )   708   2,464   289   2,830   196
BSF
    Holding S.A. (c)   49.00   49.00   1,561   -   447   1,348   219   -   202
IRB-Brasil
    Resseguros S.A. (a) (d)   15.01   15.01   3,213   12   674   475   102   -   134
Other (e)   -   -   -   -   -   106   12   -   36
Joint
    Ventures - Other (f)   6   (2   )   (3   )
Total   -   -   -   -   -   4,399   620   -   565

(a) For purpose of recording the participation in
earnings, at 12/31/2016 the position at 11/30/2016 was used and at 12/31/2015 the position at 11/30/2015 was used, in accordance
with IAS 27.

(b) For purposes
of market value, the quoted share price of Porto Seguro S.A. was taken into account. The investment included the amounts of R$
762 at 12/31/2016 and R$ 776 at 12/31/2015 that correspond to the difference between the interest in the net assets at fair value
of Porto Seguro Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. and the investment book value.

(c) In May
2012 Itaú Unibanco S.A. acquired 137,004,000 common shares of BSF Holding S.A. (parent company of Banco Carrefour) for R$
816 which corresponds to 49% of interest in its capital. The investment amount includes R$ 582 to goodwill and R$ 92 to dividends
provisioned not received on 12/31/2016.

(d) Previously
accounted for as a financial instrument. As from the 4th quarter of 2013, after completing the privatization process, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING started to exercise a significant influence over IRB. Accordingly, as from this date, the investment has been
accounted for under the equity method.

(e) At 12/31/2016,
includes interest in total capital and voting capital of the following companies: Compañia Uruguaya de Medios de Procesamiento
S.A. (39.58% total and voting capital and 38,39% on 12/31/2015), Rias Redbanc S.A. (25% total and voting capital and 25% on 12/31/2015)
and Tecnologia Bancária S.A. (24.91% total capital and voting capital and 24,91% on 12/31/2015).

(f) At 12/31/2016,
includes interest in total capital and voting capital of the following companies: Olimpia Promoção e Serviços
S.A. (50% total and voting capital and 50% on 12/31/2015); Conectcar Soluções de Mobilidade Eletronica S.A.(50% capital
total e votante) acquired at 01/29/2016 and includes income not arising from profit subsidiaries.

(g) Disclosed
only for public companies.

At 12/31/2016, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING receives / recognizes dividends and interest on capital of the unconsolidated companies being the main IRB - Brasil Resseguros
S.A. in the amount of R$ 104 (R$ 73 at 12/31/2015 and R$ 46 on 12/31/2014), BSF Holding S.A in the amount of R$ 62 (R$ 58 at 12/31/2015)
and Porto Seguro Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. in the amount of R$ 222 (R$ 240 at 12/31/2015 and R$ 336
on 12/31/2014).

F- 64

b) Other information

The table below shows the summary of the aggregate financial
information of the investees under the equity method of accounting.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Total Assets (*)   20,819   20,183   17,812
Total Liabilities (*)   11,272   11,477   9,917
Total Income (*)   14,868   22,083   6,907
Total Expenses (*)   (13,401   )   (20,255   )   (5,112   )

(*) Represented by IRB-Brasil
Resseguros S.A., in the amount of R$ 14,313 (R$ 14,690 at 12/31/2015) related to assets, R$ 11,083 (R$ 11,477 at 12/31/2015) related
to liabilities, R$ 14,142 (R$ 20,928 at 12/31/2015) related to income and of R$ (13,397) (R$ (20,254) at 12/31/2015) related to
expenses.

The investees do not have contingent liabilities to
which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is significantly exposed.

Note 14 – Lease commitments as lessee

a)   Finance lease

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is
the lessee in finance lease contracts of data processing equipment, with the option of purchase or extension, without contingent
rental payments or imposed restrictions. The net carrying amount of these assets is R$ 26 (R$ 517 at 12/31/2015).

The table below shows the total
future minimum payments:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Current   26   491
Up to 1 year   26   491
Non-current   -   26
From 1 to 5 years   -   26
Total future minimum payments   26   517
(-) Future interest   -   -
Present value   26   517

b)   Operating leases

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING leases
many properties, for use in its operations, under standard real estate leases that normally can be cancelled at its option and
include renewal options and escalations clauses. No lease agreement imposes any restriction on our ability to pay dividends, enter
into further lease agreements or engage in debt or equity financing transactions, and there is no contingent payments related to
the agreements.

The expenses related to operating
lease agreements recognized under General and Administrative Expenses total R$ 1,145 from 01/01 to 12/31/2016 (R$ 1,102 from 01/01
to 12/31/2015 and R$ 1,018 from 01/01 to 12/31/2014).

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has
no relevant sublease contracts.

Minimum payments of initiated and remaining lease agreements
with non-cancelable clauses are as follows:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Current   1,336   1,267
Up to 1 year   1,336   1,267
Non-current   5,402   5,028
From 1 to 5 years   4,689   4,043
Over 5 years   713   985
Total future minimum payments   6,738   6,295

F- 65

Note 15 - Fixed assets

Real
    estate in use (2)   Other
    fixed assets (2) (3)
Fixed
    Assets (1)   Fixed
    assets under construction   Land   Buildings   Improvements   Installations   Furniture
    and equipment   EDP
    systems (3)   Other (communication, security and transportation)   Total
Annual depreciation rates   4%   10%   10 a 20%   10 a 20%   20 a 50%   10 a 20%
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2015   792   1,008   3,026   1,673   1,801   975   8,217   858   18,350
Acquisitions   341   57   70   137   47   309   246   223   1,430
Disposal   -   (4   )   (13   )   (56   )   (15   )   (8   )   (449   )   (6   )   (551   )
Exchange variation   (2   )   (15   )   (11   )   (22   )   (3   )   (67   )   151   3   34
Transfers   (738   )   -   27   125   -   1   515   4   (66   )
Other   (6   )   1   -   -   71   (5   )   (137   )   (7   )   (83   )
Balance at 12/31/2016   387   1,047   3,099   1,857   1,901   1,205   8,543   1,075   19,114
Depreciation
Balance at 12/31/2015   -   -   (1,764   )   (930   )   (841   )   (579   )   (5,138   )   (557   )   (9,809   )
Accumulated depreciation   -   -   (80   )   (245   )   (142   )   (102   )   (1,038   )   (95   )   (1,702   )
Disposal   -   -   11   53   6   5   377   4   456
Exchange variation   -   -   (8   )   8   9   (1   )   (101   )   (8   )   (101   )
Other   -   -   1   -   (18   )   3   96   2   84
Balance at 12/31/2016   -   -   (1,840   )   (1,114   )   (986   )   (674   )   (5,804   )   (654   )   (11,072   )
Impairment
Balance at 12/31/2015   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Additions/ assumptions   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Reversals   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Balance at 12/31/2016   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2016   387   1,047   1,259   743   915   531   2,739   421   8,042

(1) The contractual commitments for purchase of
the fixed assets totaled R$ 48, achievable by 2017 (Note 36 - Off balance sheet).

(2) Includes the amount of R$ 4 related to attached real estate.

(3) Includes
lease contracts, mainly related to data processing equipment, which are accounted for as lease operations. The asset and the liability
are recognized in the Financial Statements.

F- 66

Real
    estate in use (2)   Other
    fixed assets (2) (3)
Fixed
    assets (1)   Fixed
    assets under construction   Land   Buildings   Improvements   Installations   Furniture
    and equipment   EDP
    systems (3)   Other (communication, security and transportation)   Total
Annual depreciation rates   4%   10%   10 a 20%   10 a 20%   20 a 50%   10 a 20%
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2014   2,277   1,011   2,220   1,468   1,116   916   7,419   773   17,200
Acquisitions   198   -   6   139   75   141   824   83   1,466
Disposal   -   (6   )   (13   )   (112   )   182   (68   )   (533   )   (5   )   (555   )
Exchange variation   -   3   35   81   6   8   6   6   145
Transfers   (1,681   )   -   777   63   422   -   419   -   -
Other   (2   )   -   1   34   -   (22   )   82   1   94
Balance at 12/31/2015   792   1,008   3,026   1,673   1,801   975   8,217   858   18,350
Depreciation
Balance at 12/31/2014   -   -   (1,695   )   (754   )   (519   )   (504   )   (4,538   )   (479   )   (8,489   )
Accumulated depreciation   -   -   (74   )   (257   )   (129   )   (93   )   (1,057   )   (78   )   (1,688   )
Disposal   -   -   9   109   (183   )   13   489   3   440
Exchange variation   -   -   (6   )   (27   )   (2   )   1   (7   )   (3   )   (44   )
Other   -   -   2   (1   )   (8   )   4   (25   )   -   (28   )
Balance at 12/31/2015   -   -   (1,764   )   (930   )   (841   )   (579   )   (5,138   )   (557   )   (9,809   )
Impairment
Balance at 12/31/2014   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Additions/ assumptions   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Reversals   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Balance at 12/31/2015   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2015   792   1,008   1,262   743   960   396   3,079   301   8,541

(1) The contractual commitments for purchase of
the fixed assets totaled R$ 59, achievable by 2016 (Note 36 - Off balance sheet).

(2) Includes the amount of R$ 4 related to attached real estate.

(3) Includes lease contracts, mainly related to data processing
equipment, which are accounted for as lease operations. The asset and the liability are recognized in the Financial Statements.

F- 67

Real
    estate in use (2)   Other
    fixed assets
Fixed
    assets (1)   Fixed
    assets under construction   Land   Buildings   Improvements   Installations   Furniture
    and equipment   EDP
    systems (3)   Other (communication, security and transportation)   Total
Annual depreciation rates   4%   10%   10 to 20%   10 to 20%   20 to 50%   10 to 20%
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2013   948   1,019   2,236   1,283   1,043   925   6,279   725   14,458
Acquisitions   1,485   3   11   169   117   74   2,045   62   3,966
Disposal   -   (1   )   (6   )   (163   )   (9   )   (89   )   (829   )   (5   )   (1,102   )
Exchange variation   -   -   (7   )   22   4   (12   )   4   (11   )   -
Transfers   (157   )   -   -   157   -   -   -   -   -
Other   1   (10   )   (14   )   -   (39   )   18   (80   )   2   (122   )
Balance at 12/31/2014   2,277   1,011   2,220   1,468   1,116   916   7,419   773   17,200
Depreciation
Balance at 12/31/2013   -   -   (1,651   )   (667   )   (439   )   (487   )   (4,230   )   (411   )   (7,885   )
Accumulated depreciation   -   -   (58   )   (247   )   (85   )   (79   )   (1,098   )   (74   )   (1,641   )
Disposal   -   -   3   162   2   60   768   4   999
Exchange variation   -   -   -   1   2   12   (13   )   -   2
Other   -   -   11   (3   )   1   (10   )   35   2   36
Balance at 12/31/2014   -   -   (1,695   )   (754   )   (519   )   (504   )   (4,538   )   (479   )   (8,489   )
Impairment
Balance at 12/31/2013   -   -   -   -   -   (9   )   -   -   (9   )
Additions/ assumptions   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Reversals   -   -   -   -   -   9   -   -   9
Balance at 12/31/2014   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2014   2,274   1,011   525   714   597   415   2,881   294   8,711

(1) The contractual commitments for purchase
of the fixed assets totaled R$ 67, achievable by 2016 (Note 36 - Off balance sheet).

(2) Includes the amount of R$ 4 related to attached real estate.

(3) Includes lease contracts, mainly related to data processing
equipment, which are accounted for as lease operations. The asset and the liability are recognized in the Financial Statements.

F- 68

Note 16 - Intangible assets

Other
    intangible assets
Intangible
    assets (1)   Acquisition
    of rights to credit payroll   Association
    for the promotion and offer of financial products and services   Acquisition
    of software   Development
    of software   Other
    intangible assets   Total
Amortization rates p.a.   20%   8%   20%   20%   10 a 20%
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2015   1,005   1,409   2,362   3,311   960   9,047
Acquisitions   342   719   1,293   215   277   2,846
Terminated agreements/ write off   (308   )   (73   )   (3   )   (1   )   -   (385   )
Exchange variation   -   (12   )   120   -   (130   )   (22   )
Other   7   (295   )   68   -   (29   )   (249   )
Balance at 12/31/2016   1,046   1,748   3,840   3,525   1,078   11,237
Amortization (2)
Balance at 12/31/2015   (600   )   (330   )   (1,190   )   (252   )   (342   )   (2,714   )
Amortization expense   (261   )   (263   )   (429   )   (280   )   (298   )   (1,531   )
Terminated agreements/ write off   306   67   1   -   -   374
Exchange variation   -   84   (107   )   -   110   87
Other   -   66   24   -   246   336
Balance at 12/31/2016   (555   )   (376   )   (1,701   )   (532   )   (284   )   (3,448   )
Impairment (3)
Balance at 12/31/2015   (18   )   (2   )   -   (18   )   -   (38   )
Additions / assumptions   (1   )   -   (57   )   (317   )   -   (375   )
Write off   -   2   3   -   -   5
Balance at 12/31/2016   (19   )   -   (54   )   (335   )   -   (408   )
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2016   472   1,372   2,085   2,658   794   7,381

(1) The contractual commitments for the purchase
of new intangible assets totaled R$ 262, achievable by 2017 (Note 36 - Off balance sheet).

(2) All intangible assets have a defined useful life.

(3) Note 2.4i.

F- 69

Other intangible assets
Intangible assets (1)   Acquisition of rights to credit payroll   Association for the promotion and offer of financial products and services   Acquisition of software   Development of software   Other intangible assets   Total
Amortization rates p.a.   20%   8%   20%   20%   10 a 20%
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2014   1,067   1,582   1,965   2,836   791   8,241
Acquisitions   109   39   410   489   15   1,062
Terminated agreements / write off   (169   )   (195   )   (134   )   (14   )   (4   )   (516   )
Exchange variation   -   -   109   -   185   294
Other   (2   )   (17   )   12   -   (27   )   (34   )
Balance at 12/31/2015   1,005   1,409   2,362   3,311   960   9,047
Amortization (2)
Balance at 12/31/2014   (556   )   (337   )   (918   )   (113   )   (149   )   (2,073   )
Amortization expense   (213   )   (144   )   (358   )   (138   )   (287   )   (1,140   )
Terminated agreements / write off   169   144   134   -   -   447
Exchange variation   -   -   (51   )   -   (150   )   (201   )
Other   -   7   3   (1   )   244   253
Balance at 12/31/2015   (600   )   (330   )   (1,190   )   (252   )   (342   )   (2,714   )
Impairment (3)
Balance at 12/31/2014   (18   )   (2   )   -   (14   )   -   (34   )
Additions / assumptions   -   -   -   (4   )   -   (4   )
Reversals   -   -   -   -   -   -
Balance at 12/31/2015   (18   )   (2   )   -   (18   )   -   (38   )
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2015   387   1,077   1,172   3,041   618   6,295

(1) The contractual commitments for the purchase
of new intangible assets totaled R$ 281, achievable by 2016 (Note 36 - Off balance sheet).

(2) All intangible assets have a defined useful life.

(3) Note 2.4i.

F- 70

Other intangible assets
Intangible assets (1)   Acquisition of rights to credit payroll   Association for the promotion and offer of financial products and services   Acquisition of software   Development of software   Other intangible assets   Total
Amortization rates p.a.   20%   8%   20%   20%   10 to 20%
Cost
Balance at 12/31/2013   1,165   1,688   1,839   2,195   1,019   7,906
Acquisitions   109   36   393   651   10   1,199
Terminated agreements / write off   (214   )   (104   )   (201   )   (10   )   (300   )   (829   )
Exchange variation   -   (2   )   (23   )   -   43   18
Other   7   (36   )   (43   )   -   19   (53   )
Balance at 12/31/2014   1,067   1,582   1,965   2,836   791   8,241
Amortization (2)
Balance at 12/31/2013   (535   )   (256   )   (868   )   (47   )   (352   )   (2,058   )
Amortization expense   (225   )   (157   )   (324   )   (66   )   (131   )   (903   )
Terminated agreements / write off   204   81   201   -   119   605
Exchange variation   -   -   10   -   (34   )   (24   )
Other   -   (5   )   63   -   249   307
Balance at 12/31/2014   (556   )   (337   )   (918   )   (113   )   (149   )   (2,073   )
Impairment (3)
Balance at 12/31/2013   (18   )   (27   )   -   (6   )   -   (51   )
Additions / assumptions   -   -   -   (8   )   -   (8   )
Reversals   -   25   -   -   -   25
Balance at 12/31/2014   (18   )   (2   )   -   (14   )   -   (34   )
Book value
Balance at 12/31/2014   493   1,243   1,047   2,709   642   6,134

(1) The contractual commitments for the purchase
of new intangible assets totaled R$ 508, achievable by 2016 (Note 36 - Off balance sheet).

(2) All intangible assets have a defined useful life.

(3) Note 2.4i.

F- 71

Note 17 - Deposits

The table below shows the breakdown of deposits:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Current   Non-current   Total   Current   Non-current   Total
Interest-bearing deposits   187,882   80,399   268,281   171,527   59,991   231,518
Time deposits   75,913   80,361   156,274   45,994   59,256   105,250
Interbank deposits   3,719   38   3,757   14,214   735   14,949
Savings deposits   108,250   -   108,250   111,319   -   111,319
Non-interest bearing deposits   61,133   -   61,133   61,092   -   61,092
Demand deposits   61,133   -   61,133   61,092   -   61,092
Total   249,015   80,399   329,414   232,619   59,991   292,610

Note 18 – Financial liabilities held for trading

Financial liabilities held for trading are presented in
the following table:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Structured notes
Shares   49   57
Debt securities   470   355
Total   519   412

The effect of the changes in credit risk of these instruments
is not significant at 12/31/2016 and 12/31/2015.

For shares, in view of the characteristics
of the instrument, there is no definite value to be paid at the maturity date. For debt securities, the amount to be paid at maturity
comprises several exchange rates and indices, and there is no contractual amount for settlement.

The fair value of financial liabilities held for trading
by maturity is as follows:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Cost / Fair value   Cost / Fair value
Current - up to one year   134   34
Non-current   385   378
From one to five years   295   364
From five to ten years   52   5
After ten years   38   9
Total   519   412

F- 72

Note 19 – Securities sold under repurchase agreements and
interbank and institutional market debts

a) Securities sold under repurchase agreements and interbank
market debt

The table below shows the breakdown of funds:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   234,569   114,595   349,164   181,198   155,445   336,643
Transactions backed by own financial assets (*)   101,400   114,595   215,995   64,955   155,445   220,400
Transactions backed by third party financial assets   133,169   -   133,169   116,243   -   116,243
Interbank market debt   75,352   60,131   135,483   80,547   76,339   156,886
Mortgage notes   -   -   -   31   108   139
Real estate credit bills   12,830   6,349   19,179   12,441   2,011   14,452
Agribusiness credit bills   9,158   6,284   15,442   6,695   7,080   13,775
Financial credit bills   5,976   13,590   19,566   3,860   14,636   18,496
Import and export financing   38,123   7,510   45,633   45,633   19,933   65,566
On-lending - domestic   9,205   20,623   29,828   11,884   26,920   38,804
Liabilities   from   transactions   related   to   credit assignments (Note 12d)   60   5,775   5,835   3   5,651   5,654

(*) It includes R$ 132,149 (R$ 152,215 at 12/31/2015)
related to Debentures of own issue.

Funding for import and export financing represents credit
facilities available for financing of imports and exports of Brazilian companies, in general denominated in foreign currency. The
interest rate for each one of the operations (p.a.) is presented in the table below:

Brazil   Foreign
Securities sold under repurchase agreements (*)   8,5% of CDI  to 17.36%   0.63% to 1.85%
Mortgage notes   -   2.5% to 8%
Real estate credit bills   83% to 100% of CDI   -
Financial credit bills   IGPM to 113%   -
Agribusiness credit bills   83% to 98% of CDI   -
Import and export financing   1.1% to 6.0%   0.4% to 9.5%
On-lending - domestic   2.5% to 14.5%   -
Liabilities from transactions related to credit assignments   6.38% to 13.17%   -

(*)
Note
2,4d presents the operations comprising Deposits received under securities repurchased agreements.Final repurchase dates are set
until December 2032.

b)   Institutional market debt

The table below presents the breakdown of funds obtained
in Institutional markets:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Subordinated debt (1)   11,056   46,364   57,420   10,209   55,576   65,785
Foreign borrowing through securities   5,947   27,636   33,583   4,757   19,431   24,188
Structured Operations Certificates (2)   2,050   3,186   5,236   893   3,052   3,945
Total   19,053   77,186   96,239   15,859   78,059   93,918

(1) At 12/31/2016, the amount of R$ 51,875 (R$ 64,861
at 12/31/2015) is included in the Reference Equity, under the proportion defined by CMN Resolution No. 3,444, of February 28,
2007, as amended by CMN Resolution No. 3,532, of January 31, 2008.

(2) As at December 31, 2016, the market
value of the funding from Structured Operations Certificates issued is R$ 5,816.

The interest rate for each one of the operations
(p.a.) is presented in the table below.

Brazil   Foreign
Subordinated debt   CDI+ 1% to IGPM + 7.6%   3.5% to 10.79%
Foreign borrowing through securities   0.89% to 12.73%   0.63% to 25.04%
Structured Operations Certificates   IPA + 3.28% to 16.54%   -

F- 73

Note 20 - Other assets and liabilities

a) Other assets

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Financial (1)   41,648   12,269   53,917   41,546   11,960   53,506
Receivables from credit card issuers   26,124   -   26,124   25,191   -   25,191
Insurance and reinsurance operations   1,306   14   1,320   1,367   -   1,367
Deposits in guarantee for contingent liabilities (Note 32)   2,118   11,144   13,262   2,131   10,502   12,633
Deposits in guarantee for foreign borrowing program   893   -   893   409   -   409
Negotiation and intermediation of securities   6,770   -   6,770   7,725   -   7,725
Receivables from reimbursement of contingent liabilities (Note 32c)   258   870   1,128   335   758   1,093
Receivables from services provided   2,510   -   2,510   2,333   149   2,482
Amounts receivable from FCVS – Salary Variations Compensation Fund (2)   7   234   241   -   551   551
Foreign exchange portfolio   -   -   -   444   -   444
Operations without credit granting characteristics   1,662   7   1,669   1,611   -   1,611
Non-financial   7,804   2,223   10,027   7,005   4,606   11,611
Prepaid expenses   2,101   687   2,788   2,196   1,012   3,208
Retirement plan assets (Notes 29c and d)   -   1,113   1,113   -   2,183   2,183
Sundry domestic   1,634   32   1,666   602   -   602
Premiums from loan operations   531   319   850   814   850   1,664
Sundry foreign   1,776   65   1,841   1,542   550   2,092
Other   1,762   7   1,769   1,851   11   1,862

(1) There
were no impairment losses for other financial assets in these periods.

 (2) The Salary Variation Compensation Fund – FCVS
was established through Resolution No. 25, of June 16, 1967, of the Board of the former BNH (National Housing Bank), and its purpose
is to settle balances remaining after the end of real estate financing contracted up to March 1990, relating to agreements financed
under the SFH (National Housing System), and provided that they are covered by FCVS.

b)   Other liabilities

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Current   Non- current   Total   Current   Non- current   Total
Financial   71,798   34   71,832   68,478   237   68,715
Credit card operations   58,920   -   58,920   56,143   -   56,143
Foreign exchange portfolio   620   -   620   -   -   -
Negotiation and intermediation of securities   10,538   -   10,538   10,920   177   11,097
Finance leases (Note 14a)   26   -   26   491   26   517
Funds from consortia participants   84   -   84   45   -   45
Other   1,610   34   1,644   879   34   913
Non-financial   25,968   1,142   27,110   24,975   812   25,787
Collection and payment of taxes and contributions   297   -   297   239   -   239
Sundry creditors - domestic   2,488   117   2,605   1,681   75   1,756
Funds in transit   10,214   190   10,404   10,893   -   10,893
Provision for sundry payments   2,007   203   2,210   1,944   199   2,143
Social and statutory   5,541   35   5,576   5,110   -   5,110
Related to insurance operations   224   -   224   253   -   253
Liabilities for official agreements and rendering of payment services   864   -   864   808   -   808
Provision for retirement plan benefits (Note 29c and e)   201   548   749   -   491   491
Personnel provision   1,352   49   1,401   1,336   47   1,383
Provision for health insurance   742   -   742   716   -   716
Deferred income   1,975   -   1,975   1,909   -   1,909
Other   63   -   63   86   -   86

F- 74

Note 21 – Stockholders’ equity

a)   Capital

The Extraordinary Stockholders’
Meeting held on September 14, 2016 approved the increase of subscribed and paid-up capital by R$ 12,000, with the capitalization
of the amounts recorded in Revenue Reserve – Statutory Reserve, with a 10% bonus shares. Bonus shares started being traded
on October 21,2016 and the process was approved by the Central Bank on September 23,2016. Accordingly, capital stock was increased
by 598,391,594 shares.

The Extraordinary Stockholders`
Meeting of April 27, 2016 approved the cancellation of 100,000,000 preferred shares of own issue held in treasury, without change
to the capital stock, through the capitalization of amounts recorded in Revenue Reserves – Statutory Reserve. This process
was approved by the Central Bank of Brazil on June 7, 2016.

Capital comprises 6,582,307,543
book-entry shares with no par value, of which 3,351,744,217 are common and 3,230,563,326 are preferred shares without voting rights,
but with tag-along rights, in the event of the public offer of common shares, at a price equal to 80% of the amount paid per share
with voting rights in the controlling stake, as well as a dividend at least equal to that of the common shares. Capital stock amounts
to R$ 97,148 (85,148 at 12/31/2015), of which R$ 65,534 (58,284 at 12/31/2015) refers to stockholders domiciled in the country
and R$ 31,614 (R$ 26,864 at 12/31/2015) refers to stockholders domiciled abroad.

The table below shows the breakdown of and change in
shares of paid-in capital and the reconciliation of balances at the beginning and end of the period:

12/31/2016
Number
Common   Preferred   Total   Amount
Residents in Brazil at 12/31/2015   3,033,657,386   1,130,776,196   4,164,433,582
Residents abroad at 12/31/2015   13,382,812   1,906,099,555   1,919,482,367
Shares of capital stock at 12/31/2015   3,047,040,198   3,036,875,751   6,083,915,949
(-) Cancellation of shares - ESM of April 27, 2016 – Approved on June 7, 2016   -   (100,000,000   )   (100,000,000   )
Bonus Shares - ESM of 09/14/2016 - Carried out at 09/23/2016   304,704,019   293,687,575   598,391,594
Shares of capital stock at 12/31/2016   3,351,744,217   3,230,563,326   6,582,307,543
Residents in Brazil at 12/31/2016   3,335,350,311   1,104,963,731   4,440,314,042
Residents abroad at 12/31/2016   16,393,906   2,125,599,595   2,141,993,501
Treasury shares at 12/31/2015 (1)   2,795   162,562,650   162,565,445   (4,353   )
Purchase of shares   -   30,640,000   30,640,000   (947   )
Exercised options – granting of stock options   -   (19,931,626   )   (19,931,626   )   315
Disposals – stock option plan   -   (8,293,957   )   (8,293,957   )   433
(-) Cancellation of shares - ESM of April 27, 2016 – Approved on June 7, 2016   -   (100,000,000   )   (100,000,000   )   2,670
Bonus Shares - ESM of 09/14/2016   279   4,627,395   4,627,674   -
Treasury shares at 12/31/2016 (1)   3,074   69,604,462   69,607,536   (1,882   )
Outstanding shares at 12/31/2016   3,351,741,143   3,160,958,864   6,512,700,007
Outstanding shares at 12/31/2015 (2)   3,351,741,143   3,161,744,411   6,513,485,554

12/31/2015
Number
Common   Preferred   Total   Amount
Residents in Brazil at 12/31/2014   3,034,554,303   1,148,179,276   4,182,733,579
Residents abroad at 12/31/2014   12,485,895   1,888,696,475   1,901,182,370
Shares of capital stock at 12/31/2014   3,047,040,198   3,036,875,751   6,083,915,949
Bonus shares - ESM of 04/29/2015 – made effective on 06/25/2015   304,704,019   303,687,575   608,391,594
Shares of capital stock at 12/31/2015   3,351,744,217   3,340,563,326   6,692,307,543
Residents in Brazil at 12/31/2015   3,337,023,124   1,243,853,815   4,580,876,939
Residents abroad at 12/31/2015   14,721,093   2,096,709,511   2,111,430,604
Treasury shares at 12/31/2014 (1)   2,795   59,211,406   59,214,201   (1,328   )
Purchase of shares   -   122,677,280   122,677,280   (3,324   )
Exercised options - granting of stock options   -   (6,461,115   )   (6,461,115   )   4
Disposals – stock option plan   -   (5,877,161   )   (5,877,161   )   295
Bonus shares - ESM of 04/29/2015   279   9,268,505   9,268,784   -
Treasury shares at 12/31/2015 (1)   3,074   178,818,915   178,821,989   (4,353   )
Outstanding shares at 12/31/2015 (2)   3,351,741,143   3,161,744,411   6,513,485,554
Outstanding shares at 12/31/2014 (2)   3,351,741,143   3,275,430,780   6,627,171,923

(1)
Own shares, purchased based on authorization of the Board of Directors, to be held in Treasury for subsequent cancellation of
replacement in the market.

(2) For
better comparability, outstanding shares were adjusted to reflect the bonuses of 09/23/2016.

F- 75

We detail below of the cost of shares purchased in the period,
as well the average cost of treasury shares and their market price (in Brazilian Reais per share):

01/01 to 12/31/2016
Cost / market value   Common   Preferred
Minimum   -   23.79
Weighted average   -   30.13
Maximum   -   36.05
Treasury shares
Average cost   6.59   27.04
Market value at 12/31/2016   30.00   33.85

01/01 to 12/31/2015
Cost / market value   Common   Preferred
Minimum   -   24.96
Weighted average   -   28.80
Maximum   -   31.86
Treasury shares
Average cost   7.25   26.78
Market value at 12/31/2015   24.58   26.33

F- 76

b)   Dividends

Stockholders are entitled to an
annual mandatory dividend of not less than 25% of adjusted profit, pursuant to the provisions of the Brazilian Corporate Law. Both
common and preferred shares participate equally, after common shares have received dividends equal to the annual minimum priority
dividend of R$ 0.022 per share non-cumulative to be paid to preferred shares.

The calculation of the monthly
advance of the mandatory minimum dividend is based on the share position on the last day of the prior month, with payment being
made on the first business day of the subsequent month, amounting to R$ 0.015 per share.

Calculation of dividends and interest on capital

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Statutory net income   18,853   21,084   17,392
Adjustments:
(-)  Legal reserve   (943   )   (1,054   )   (870   )
Dividend calculation basis   17,910   20,030   16,522
Mandatory dividend - 25%   4,478   5,007   4,130
Dividends and interest on capital – paid / provisioned for   10,000   7,305   6,635

Payments / provision for interest on capital and
dividends

12/31/2016
Gross   WHT   Net
Paid / prepaid   3,355   (355   )   3,000
Dividends - 11 monthly installments of R$ 0.015 per share paid from February to December 2016   987   -   987
Interest on capital - R$ 0.3990  per share paid on 08/25/2016   2,368   (355   )   2,013
Declared until 12/31/2016 (recorded in other liabilities)   3,169   (461   )   2,708
Dividends - 1 monthly installment of R$ 0.015 per share paid on 01/02/2017   98   -   98
Interest on capital - R$ 0.4714 per share, credited on 12/30/2016, paid by 04/28/2017   3,071   (461   )   2,610
Declared after 12/31/2016 (Recorded in Revenue Reserves - Dividends equalization)   5,050   (758   )   4,292
Interest on capital - R$ 0.7754 per share   5,050   (758   )   4,292
Total from 01/01 to 12/31/2016 - R$ 1.5789 net per share   11,574   (1,574   )   10,000

12/31/2015
Gross   WHT   Net
Paid / prepaid   3,002   (311   )   2,691
Dividends - 11 monthly installments of R$ 0.015 per share paid from February to December 2015   932   -   932
Interest on capital - R$ 0.3460  per share paid on 08/25/2015   2,070   (311   )   1,759
Declared until 12/31/2015 (recorded in other liabilities)   2,502   (186   )   2,316
Dividends - 1 monthly installment of R$ 0.015 per share paid on 01/04/2016   89   -   89
Dividends provision - R$ 0.1980 per share   1,173   1,173
Interest on capital - R$ 0.2090 per share, credited on 12/30/2015, paid by 04/30/2016   1,240   (186   )   1,054
Declared after 12/31/2015 (Recorded in Revenue Reserves - Unrealized Profits Reserve)   2,703   (405   )   2,298
Interest on capital - R$ 0.4564 per share   2,703   (405   )   2,298
Total from 01/01 to 12/31/2015 - R$ 1.2376 net per share   8,207   (902   )   7,305

Payments / provision for interest on capital and dividends

12/31/2014
Gross   WHT   Net
Paid / prepaid   2,637   (267   )   2,370
Dividends - 11 monthly installments of R$ 0.015 per share paid from February to December 2014   857   -   857
Interest on capital - R$ 0.3256  per share paid on 08/25/2014   1,780   (267   )   1,513
Declared until 12/31/2014 (recorded in other liabilities)   1,760   -   1,760
Dividends - 1 monthly installment of R$ 0.015 per share paid on 01/02/2015   82   -   82
Interest on capital - R$ 0.3063 per share   1,678   -   1,678
Declared after 12/31/2014 (Recorded in Revenue Reserves - Unrealized Profits Reserve)   2,947   (442   )   2,505
Interest on capital - R$ 0.5380  per share   2,947   (442   )   2,505
Total from 01/01 to 12/31/2014 - R$ 1.2204 net per share   7,344   (709   )   6,635

F- 77

c) Additional paid-in capital

Additional paid-in capital corresponds to: (i) the difference
between the proceeds from the sale of treasury shares and the average cost of such shares, and (ii) the compensation expenses recognized
in accordance with the stock option plan and variable compensation.

d) Appropriated reserves

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Capital reserves (1)   285   285   285
Premium on subscription of shares   284   284   284
Reserves from tax incentives, restatement of equity securities and other   1   1   1
Revenue reserves   3,158   9,782   7,925
Legal (2)   7,838   6,895   5,841
Statutory   1,132   9,461   7,775
Dividends equalization (3)   337   3,355   2,885
Working capital increase (4)   -   1,655   1,162
Increase in capital of investees (5)   795   4,451   3,728
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a III)   (10,862   )   (9,277   )   (8,638   )
Unrealized profits (6)   5,050   2,703   2,947
Total reserves at parent company   3,443   10,067   8,210

(1)   Refers to amounts received by Itaú Unibanco Holding that were not included in the statement
of income, since they do not refer to compensation for the provision of goods or services.

(2)   Legal reserve - may be used to increase capital or to absorb losses, but it cannot be distributed
as dividends.

(3)   Reserve for dividends equalization - its purpose is to reserve funds for the payment or advances
on dividends, including interest on capital, to maintain the flow of the stockholders' compensation.

(4)   Reserve for working capital - its purpose is to guarantee funds for operations.

(5)   Reserve for increase in capital of investees - its purpose is to guarantee the preemptive right
in the capital increases of investees.

(6)   Refers to interest on capital declared after December 31 of each period.

e)   Unappropriated reserves

Refers to balance of profit remaining after the distribution
of dividends and appropriations to statutory reserves in the statutory accounts of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

f) Non-controlling interests

Stockholders’ equity   Net Income
01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Itaú CorpBanca (Note 3)   10,117   -   119   -
Banco CorpBanca Colômbia S.A. (Note 3)   1,231   -   22   -
Financeira Itaú CBD S.A. Crédito, Financiamento e Investimento   519   428   119   118
Banco Itaú Consignado S.A.   -   983   (20   )   217
Luizacred S.A. Soc. Cred. Financiamento Investimento   275   282   51   62
Others   90   114   28   19
Total   12,232   1,807   319   416

F- 78

Note 22 – Share-based payment

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and its
subsidiaries have share-based payment programs aimed at involving its management members and employees in the medium and long term
corporate development process.

These payments are only made in years
where there are sufficient profits to enable the distribution of mandatory dividends, in order to limit the maximum dilutive effect
to which stockholders are subject, and at a quantity that does not exceed the limit of 0.5% of the total shares held by the controlling
and minority stockholders at the balance sheet date.

These programs are settled through the delivery of ITUB4
treasury shares to stockholders.

At the ESM of September 14, 2016 a
capital increase with 10% share bonus was approved and ratified by BACEN on September 23, 2016. The new shares will be included
in the share position on October 21, 2016. Therefore, for better comparability, the number of shares shown in this note consider
the bonus shares.

From 01/01 to 12/31/2016, the accounting
effect of the share-based payment in income was R$ (591) (R$ (734) from 01/01 to 12/31/2015 and R$ (441) from 01/01 to 12/31/2014)).

I – Stock Option Plan (Simple Options)

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has a
Stock Option Plan (“Simple Options”) aimed at involving management members and employees in the medium and long term
corporate development program of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and its subsidiaries, offering them the opportunity benefit from
the appreciation that their work and dedication bring to the shares.

In addition to the grants
provided under the Plan, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING also maintains control over the rights and obligations in connection
with the options granted under the plans approved at the Extraordinary Stockholders’ Meetings held on April 24, 2009
and April 19, 2013 related to the Unibanco – União de Bancos Brasileiros S.A. and to Unibanco Holdings S.A., and
to Redecard S.A. (“Rede”) stock option plans, respectively. Accordingly, the exchange of shares for ITUB4 did not
have a relevant financial impact.

Simple options have the following characteristics:

a)   Exercise price: calculated based on the average prices of shares in the three months of
the year prior to the grant date. The prices determined will be restated to the last business day of the month prior to
the option exercise date based on IGP-M or, in its absence, on an index to be determined internally, and should be paid within
the period in force for the settlement of operations on BM&FBOVESPA.

b)   Vesting period: determined upon issue, from one to seven years, counted from the grant date.
The vesting period is normally determined at five years.

c)   Fair value and economic assumptions for cost recognition: the fair value of Simple Options
is calculated on the grant date based on the Binominal model. Economic assumptions used are as follows:

(i)   Exercise price: exercise price previously agreed upon the option issue, adjusted by the IGP-M variation;

(ii)   Price of the underlying asset (ITUB4 shares): closing price on BM&FBOVESPA on the calculation
base date.

(iii)   Expected dividends: the average annual return rate for the last three years of dividends paid plus
interest on capital of the ITUB4 share;

(iv)   Risk-free interest rate: IGP-M coupon rate at the expiration date of the Simple Option;

(v)   Expected volatility: calculated based on the standard deviation from the history of the last 84
monthly returns of the ITUB4 share closing prices, disclosed by BM&FBOVESPA, adjusted by the IGP-M variation.

F- 79

Summary of changes in the plan

Simple options
Weighted average   Weighted average
Quantity   exercise price   market value
Opening balance 12/31/2015   50,543,148   31.89
Options exercisable at the end of the period   35,647,958   33.40
Options outstanding but not exercisable   14,895,190   28.29
Options:
Granted   -   -
Canceled / Forfeited (*)   (127,798   )   35.91
Exercised   (12,381,844   )   26.92   35.15
Balance at 12/31/2016   38,033,506   36.94
Options exercisable at the end of the period   23,440,177   40.98
Options outstanding but not exercisable   14,593,329   30.45
Range of exercise prices
Granting 2009-2010   25,66 - 41,69
Granting 2011-2012   30,45 - 40,72
Weighted average of the remaining contractual life (in years)   2.63

(*) Refers to non-exercise based on the beneficiary’s
decision.

Simple options
Weighted average   Weighted average
Quantity   exercise price   market value
Opening balance 12/31/2014   60,678,323   29.48
Options exercisable at the end of the period   31,759,519   29.23
Options outstanding but not exercisable   28,918,804   29.75
Options:
Granted   -   -
Canceled / Forfeited (*)   (9,968,681   )   36.44
Exercised   (166,494   )   22.11   31.24
Opening balance 12/31/2015   50,543,148   31.89
Options exercisable at the end of the period   35,647,958   33.40
Options outstanding but not exercisable   14,895,190   28.29
Range of exercise prices
Granting 2008-2009   23,95 - 36,62
Granting 2010-2012   21,71 - 38,90
Weighted average of the remaining contractual life (in years)   2.60

(*) Refers to non-exercise based on the beneficiary’s
decision.

Simple options
Weighted average   Weighted average
Quantity   exercise price   market value
Opening balance 12/31/2013   79,033,384   27.15
Options exercisable at the end of the period   39,609,101   25.14
Options outstanding but not exercisable   39,424,283   29.96
Options:
Granted   -   -
Canceled / Forfeited (*)   (1,684,588   )   28.91
Exercised   (16,670,473   )   24.80   33.39
Opening balance 12/31/2014   60,678,323   29.48
Options exercisable at the end of the period   31,759,519   29.23
Options outstanding but not exercisable   28,918,804   29.75
Range of exercise prices
Granting 2006-2009   21,64 - 36,25
Granting 2010-2012   21,71 - 35,15
Weighted average of the remaining contractual life (in years)   2.56

(*) Refers to non-exercise based on the beneficiary’s
decision.

F- 80

ll – Partner Plan

The employees and management members
of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and its subsidiaries may be selected to participate in the program investing a percentage of their
bonus to acquire ITUB4 shares and share-based instruments. Accordingly, the ownership of these shares should be held by the beneficiaries
for a period from three to five years, counted from the initial investment, and are thus subject to market price variations. After
complying with the suspensive conditions set forth in the program, beneficiaries will be entitled to receive ITUB4 as consideration,
in accordance with the numbers of shares provided for in the program regulations.

The acquisition prices of own
shares and Share-Based Instruments are established every six months and is equivalent to the average of the ITUB4 quotation in
the 30 days prior to the determination of the acquisition price.

The fair value of the ITUB4 as consideration is the
market price at the grant date, less expected dividends.

The weighted average of the fair
value of the ITUB4 shares as consideration was estimated at R$ 19.45 per share at 12/31/2016 (R$ 26.56 per share at 12/31/2015
and R$ 26.95 per share at 12/31/2014).

Law No. 12,973/14, which adjusted
the tax legislation to the international accounting standards and terminated the Transitional Tax Regime (RTT), set up a new legal
framework for payments made in shares. We made changes to the Partner Plan, and adjusted its tax effects, to conform to this new
legislation.

Changes in the Partner Program

Quantity
Balance at 12/31/2015   33,666,355
New granted   12,392,845
Cancelled   (370,039   )
Exercised   (10,226,782   )
Balance at 12/31/2016   35,462,379
Weighted average of remaining contractual life (years)   2.73

Quantity
Balance at 12/31/2014   29,407,871
New granted   11,442,795
Cancelled   (889,690   )
Exercised   (6,294,621   )
Balance at 12/31/2015   33,666,355
Weighted average of remaining contractual life (years)   2.02

Quantity
Balance at 12/31/2013   22,205,702
New granted   13,318,700
Cancelled   (1,883,243   )
Exercised   (4,233,288   )
Balance at 12/31/2014   29,407,871
Weighted average of remaining contractual life (years)   2.05

F- 81

III- Variable compensation

The policy established in compliance
with CMN Resolution No. 3,921/10 sets forth that fifty percent (50%) of the management’s variable compensation should be
paid in cash and fifty percent (50%) should be paid in shares for a period of three years. Shares are delivered on a deferred basis,
of which one-third (1/3) per year, will be contingent upon the executive’s remaining with the institution. The deferred unpaid
portions may be reversed proportionally to the significant reduction of the recurring income realized or the negative income for
the period.

The fair value of the ITUB4 share is the market price
at its grant date.

The weighted average of the fair
value of ITUB4 shares was estimated at R$ 21.96 per share at 12/31/2016 (R$ 28.40 per share at 12/31/2015 and R$ 23.03 per share
at 12/31/2014).

Change
in variable compensation in shares

Quantity
Opening balance 12/31/2015   22,325,573
New   13,422,462
Delivered   (11,136,079   )
Cancelled   (72,550   )
Balance at 12/31/2016   24,539,406

Change
in variable compensation in shares

Quantity
Opening balance 12/31/2014   17,492,005
New   13,792,517
Delivered   (8,306,134   )
Cancelled   (652,815   )
Balance at 12/31/2015   22,325,573

Change
in variable compensation in shares

Quantity
Opening balance 12/31/2013   9,119,826
New   12,102,893
Delivered   (3,250,234   )
Cancelled   (480,480   )
Balance at 12/31/2014   17,492,005

F- 82

Note 23 - Interest and similar income and expense and net
gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives

a) Interest and similar income

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Central Bank compulsory deposits   6,920   5,748   5,904
Interbank deposits   677   1,628   1,286
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   34,162   27,572   17,929
Financial assets held for trading   23,669   19,826   15,128
Available-for-sale financial assets   11,160   8,979   7,272
Held-to-maturity financial assets   3,788   3,758   2,347
Loan and lease operations   80,118   79,392   69,248
Other financial assets   1,001   886   1,001
Total   161,495   147,789   120,115

b) Interest and similar expense

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Deposits   (14,701   )   (13,587   )   (12,064   )
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   (45,932   )   (32,879   )   (26,771   )
Interbank market debt   (8,348   )   (7,970   )   (14,404   )
Institutional market debt   (8,248   )   (8,030   )   (10,695   )
Financial expense from technical reserves for insurance and private pension   (17,790   )   (12,556   )   (8,987   )
Other   (107   )   (42   )   (56   )
Total   (95,126   )   (75,064   )   (72,977   )

c) Net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Financial assets held for trading   2,514   (1,625   )   215
Derivatives (*)   7,320   (6,071   )   119
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   49   51   32
Available-for-sale financial assets   (1,685   )   (4,345   )   (1,089   )
Held-to-Maturity Financial Assets (Permanent Loss)   (740   )   -   -
Finacial liabilities held for trading   (147   )   128   (1   )
Total   7,311   (11,862   )   (724   )

(*) Includes the ineffective derivatives portion related
to hedge accounting.

During the period ended 12/31/2016, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING recognized impairment expenses in the amount of R$ 1,882, out of which R$ 1,142 on Available-for-Sale Financial
Assets and R$ 740 on Held-to-Maturity Financial Assets. Total loss, net of reversals, amounted to R$ 1,522 and was recorded in
the statement of income in line item Net gain (loss) on securities and derivatives.

F- 83

Note 24 - Banking service fees

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Current account services   9,528   8,815   7,725
Asset management fees   3,514   2,932   2,660
Collection commissions   1,315   1,250   1,279
Fees from credit card services   13,330   12,722   11,507
Fees for guarantees issued and credit lines   1,773   1,609   1,407
Brokerage commission   295   248   262
Other   2,163   1,876   1,502
Total   31,918   29,452   26,342

Note 25 - Other income

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Gains on sale of assets held for sale, fixed assets and investments in associates
    and joint ventures   233   97   1,194
Recovery of expenses   331   210   207
Reversal of provisions   156   455   179
Program for Cash or Installment Payment of Federal Taxes   13   65   158
Other   649   452   416
Total   1,382   1,279   2,154

F- 84

Note 26 - General and administrative expenses

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Personnel expenses   (22,360   )   (19,573   )   (17,071   )
Compensation   (8,752   )   (7,982   )   (7,046   )
Payroll taxes   (2,567   )   (2,540   )   (2,364   )
Welfare benefits   (3,070   )   (2,472   )   (2,133   )
Retirement plans and post-employment benefits (Note 29)   279   (240   )   33
Defined benefit   (81   )   (78   )   (30   )
Defined contribution   360   (162   )   63
Stock option plan (Note 22d)   (306   )   (214   )   (231   )
Training   (192   )   (202   )   (186   )
Employee profit sharing   (3,610   )   (3,387   )   (3,324   )
Dismissals   (571   )   (351   )   (377   )
Provision for labor claims (Note 32)   (3,571   )   (2,185   )   (1,443   )
Administrative expenses   (15,959   )   (15,112   )   (14,325   )
Data processing and telecommunications   (3,966   )   (4,052   )   (3,870   )
Third party services   (4,340   )   (4,044   )   (4,189   )
Installations   (1,161   )   (1,022   )   (924   )
Advertising, promotions and publications   (1,036   )   (1,095   )   (972   )
Rent   (1,480   )   (1,289   )   (1,216   )
Transportation   (391   )   (411   )   (432   )
Materials   (313   )   (380   )   (365   )
Financial services   (731   )   (614   )   (544   )
Security   (716   )   (675   )   (627   )
Utilities   (425   )   (418   )   (289   )
Travel   (199   )   (212   )   (204   )
Other   (1,201   )   (900   )   (693   )
Depreciation   (1,702   )   (1,688   )   (1,641   )
Amortization   (1,292   )   (910   )   (827   )
Insurance acquisition expenses   (721   )   (1,138   )   (1,214   )
Other expenses   (8,870   )   (9,205   )   (7,472   )
Expenses related to credit cards   (3,165   )   (3,415   )   (2,691   )
Losses with third party frauds   (571   )   (468   )   (472   )
Loss on sale of assets held for sale, fixed assets and investments in
    associates and joint ventures   (274   )   (187   )   (133   )
Provision for civil lawsuits (Note 32)   (1,489   )   (2,069   )   (1,708   )
Provision for tax and social security lawsuits   (915   )   (1,361   )   (971   )
Refund of interbank costs   (294   )   (262   )   (229   )
Other   (2,162   )   (1,443   )   (1,268   )
Total   (50,904   )   (47,626   )   (42,550   )

F- 85

Note 27 – Income tax and social contribution

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and each of its subsidiaries file
separate, for each fiscal year, corporate income tax returns and social contribution on net income.

a)   Composition of income tax and social contribution expenses

Demonstration of Income tax and
social contribution expense calculation:

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
Due on operations for the period   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Income before income tax and social contribution   38,192   18,265   28,808
Charges (income tax and social contribution) at the rates in effect (Note 2.4 k)   (17,187   )   (7,611   )   (11,523   )
Increase / decrease in income tax and social contribution charges arising from:
Share of profit or (loss) of associates and joint ventures net   165   176   109
Foreign exchange variation on assets and liabilities abroad   (4,313   )   8,329   1,471
Interest on capital   3,617   2,585   1,738
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a III)   628   631   639
Dividends and interest on external debt bonds   365   271   311
Other nondeductible expenses net of non taxable income (*)   12,827   (13,346   )   46
Income tax and social contribution expenses   (3,898   )   (8,965   )   (7,209   )
Related to temporary differences
Increase (reversal) for the period   (10,774   )   13,006   1,341
Increase (reversal) of prior periods   62   (71   )   (1,079   )
Increase in the social contribution tax rate (Note 27b III)   -   3,921   -
(Expenses)/Income related to deferred taxes   (10,712   )   16,856   262
Total income tax and social contribution expenses   (14,610   )   7,891   (6,947   )

(*) Includes temporary (additions) and exclusions.

F- 86

b) Deferred taxes

I - The deferred tax asset balance and respective
changes are as follows:

12/31/2015   Realization / reversal   Increase (1)   12/31/2016
Reflected in income   48,911   (16,508   )   15,480   47,883
Allowance for loan and lease losses   25,572   (6,337   )   7,740   26,975
Related to income tax and social contribution tax carryforwards   6,655   (288   )   561   6,928
Provision for contingent liabilities   5,385   (1,784   )   2,106   5,707
Civil lawsuits   2,149   (701   )   507   1,955
Labor claims   1,812   (1,010   )   1,366   2,168
Tax and social security   1,420   (71   )   233   1,582
Other   4   (2   )   -   2
Goodwill on purchase of investments   511   (346   )   -   165
Legal liabilities – tax and social security   508   (200   )   79   387
Adjustments of operations carried out on the futures settlement market   1,253   (797   )   29   485
Adjustment to market value of financial assets held for trading and derivatives   4,951   (4,951   )   145   145
Provision related to health insurance operations   322   (22   )   -   300
Other   3,754   (1,783   )   4,820   6,791
Reflected in stockholders’ equity   4,253   (1,970   )   711   2,994
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a III)   1,883   (627   )   -   1,256
Adjustment to market value of available-for-sale securities   1,980   (1,338   )   -   642
Cash flow hedge   137   -   706   843
Other   253   (5   )   5   253
Total (2)(3)   53,164   (18,478   )   16,191   50,877

(1)

Includes balance arising from the Corpbanca acquisition R$ 1,221 and Recovery acquisition R$ 45 (Note 3).

(2)

Deferred
income tax and social contribution assets and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet offset by a taxable entity and total
R$ 37,395 and R$ 643.

(3)

The
accounting records of deferred tax assets on income tax losses and/or social contribution loss carryforwards, as well as those
arising from temporary differences, are based on technical feasibility studies which consider the expected generation of future
taxable income, considering the history of profitability for each subsidiary individually, and for the consolidated taken as a
whole. For the subsidiaries, Itaú Unibanco S.A. and Banco Itaucard S.A., a petition has been sent to Central Bank of Brazil,
in compliance with paragraph 7 of article 1 of Resolution No. 4,441/15 and pursuant to Circular 3,776/15.

12/31/2014   Realization / reversal   Increase   12/31/2015
Reflected in income   32,513   (7,009   )   23,407   48,911
Allowance for loan and lease losses   18,909   (2,319   )   8,982   25,572
Related to income tax and social contribution tax carryforwards   5,430   (239   )   1,464   6,655
Provision for contingent liabilities   4,298   (1,364   )   2,451   5,385
Civil lawsuits   1,818   (624   )   955   2,149
Labor claims   1,460   (382   )   734   1,812
Tax and social security   1,009   (351   )   762   1,420
Other   11   (7   )   -   4
Goodwill on purchase of investments   721   (210   )   -   511
Legal liabilities – tax and social security   394   (698   )   812   508
Adjustments of operations carried out in futures settlement market   3   (4   )   1,254   1,253
Adjustment to market value of financial assets held for trading and derivatives   109   (109   )   4,951   4,951
Provision related to health insurance operations   274   -   48   322
Other   2,375   (2,066   )   3,445   3,754
Reflected in stockholders’ equity   4,106   (1,527   )   1,674   4,253
Corporate reorganizations (Note 2.4 a III)   2,514   (631   )   -   1,883
Adjustment to market value of available-for-sale securities   539   (142   )   1,583   1,980
Cash flow hedge   50   -   87   137
Other   1,003   (754   )   4   253
Total (*)   36,619   (8,536   )   25,081   53,164

(*) Deferred income tax and social contribution
assets and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet offset by a taxable entity and total R$ 47,453 and R$ 370.

F- 87

II- The provision for deferred tax liability balance
and respective changes are as follows:

Realization /
12/31/2015   reversal   Increase (1)   12/31/2016
Reflected in income   4,277   (2,283   )   11,513   13,507
Depreciation in excess – finance lease   1,487   (551   )   -   936
Adjustment of escrow deposits and contingent liabilities   1,130   (168   )   231   1,193
Pension plans   336   (143   )   40   233
Adjustments of operations carried out on the futures settlement market   51   (100   )   1,144   1,095
Adjustment to market value of financial assets held for trading and derivatives   198   (198   )   7,293   7,293
Taxation of results abroad – capital gains   286   -   1,216   1,502
Other   789   (1,123   )   1,589   1,255
Reflected in stockholders’ equity accounts   1,804   (1,639   )   453   618
Adjustment to market value of available-for-sale securities   53   -   433   486
Cash flow hedge   1,313   (1,250   )   -   63
Provision for pension plan benefits   424   (389   )   -   35
Other   14   -   20   34
Total (2)   6,081   (3,922   )   11,966   14,125

(1)

Includes balance arising from the Corpbanca acquisition R$ 994 (Note 3).

(2)

Deferred income tax and social contribution asset and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet offset by a taxable entity and total R$ 37,395 and R$ 643.

12/31/2014   Realization / reversal   Increase   12/31/2015
Reflected in income   4,735   (1,801   )   1,343   4,277
Depreciation in excess – finance lease   2,508   (1,021   )   -   1,487
Adjustment of escrow deposits and contingent liabilities   876   (425   )   679   1,130
Pension plans   336   (34   )   34   336
Adjustments of operations carried out on the futures settlement market   4   (12   )   59   51
Adjustment to market value of financial assets held for trading and derivatives   6   (6   )   198   198
Taxation of results abroad – capital gains   563   (277   )   -   286
Other   442   (26   )   373   789
Reflected in stockholders’ equity accounts   956   (97   )   945   1,804
Adjustment to market value of available-for-sale securities   132   (79   )   -   53
Cash flow hedge   373   -   940   1,313
Provision for pension plan benefits   442   (18   )   -   424
Other   9   -   5   14
Total (*)   5,691   (1,898   )   2,288   6,081

(*)
Deferred income tax and social contribution asset and liabilities are recorded in the balance sheet offset by a taxable entity
and total R$ 47,453 and R$ 370.

III   - The estimate of realization and present value of tax credits and from the Provision for Deferred Income Tax and Social Contribution existing at 12/31/2016, are:

Deferred
    tax assets
Temporary differences   %   Tax
    loss / social contribution loss carryforwards   %   Total   %   Deferred
    tax liabilities   %   Net deferred taxes   %
2017   21,863   50   %   37   1   %   21,900   43   %   (1,260   )   8   %   20,640   56   %
2018   10,363   23   %   151   2   %   10,514   21   %   (646   )   5   %   9,868   27   %
2019   4,682   11   %   2,060   30   %   6,742   13   %   (2,372   )   17   %   4,370   12   %
2020   1,130   3   %   2,416   35   %   3,546   7   %   (1,363   )   10   %   2,183   6   %
2021   598   1   %   1,775   25   %   2,373   5   %   (366   )   3   %   2,007   5   %
After 2021   5,313   12   %   489   7   %   5,802   11   %   (8,118   )   57   %   (2,316   )   -6   %
Total   43,949   100   %   6,928   100   %   50,877   100   %   (14,125   )   100   %   36,752   100   %
Present
    value (*)   40,415   5,937   46,352   (11,370   )   34,982

(*) The average funding rate,
net of tax effects, was used to determine the present value.

The projections of future taxable
income include estimates related to macroeconomic variables, exchange rates, interest rates, volume of financial operations and
services fees and others, which can vary in relation to actual data and amounts.

Net income in the financial statements
is not directly related to the taxable income, due to differences between the accounting criteria and tax legislation, in addition
to corporate aspects. Accordingly, it is recommended that the trends for the realization of deferred tax assets arising from temporary
differences, and tax loss carry forwards should not be used as an indication of future net income.

Considering the temporary effects
of Law 13,169/15, which increases the Social Contribution tax rate to 20% until December 31, 2018, tax credits were accounted for
based on their expected realization. At 12/31/2015 the effect on the consolidated statement of income was R$ 3,921. There are no
unrecorded deferred tax assets at 12/31/2016 and 12/31/2015.

F- 88

Note 28 – Earnings per share

Basic and diluted earnings per
share were computed as shown in the table below for the periods indicated. Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the
net income attributable to the stockholder of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING by the average number of shares for the period, and
by excluding the number of shares purchased and held as treasury shares by the company. Diluted earnings per share are computed
on a similar way, but with the adjustment made in the denominator when assuming the conversion of all shares that may be diluted.

Net income attributable to owners of the parent company – basic earnings per   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
share   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Net income   23,263   25,740   21,555
Minimum     non-cumulative     dividend
    on preferred shares in accordance with our
bylaws   (70   )   (71   )   (72   )
Subtotal   23,193   25,669   21,483
Retained earnings to be distributed to common equity owners in an amount per
share equal to the minimum dividend payable to preferred equity owners   (73   )   (74   )   (74   )
Subtotal   23,120   25,595   21,409
Retained earnings to be distributed to common and preferred equity owners on
    a pro-rata basis
To common equity owners   11,880   13,036   10,843
To preferred equity owners   11,240   12,559   10,566
Total net income available to common equity owners   11,953   13,110   10,917
Total net income available to preferred equity owners   11,310   12,630   10,638
Weighted average number of shares outstanding (Note 21a)
Common shares   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143
Preferred shares   3,171,215,661   3,228,881,081   3,266,347,063
Earnings per share - basic – R$
Common shares   3.57   3.91   3.26
Preferred shares   3.57   3.91   3.26

Net income attributable to owners of the parent company – diluted earnings per   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
share   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Total net income available to preferred equity owners   11,310   12,630   10,638
Dividend on preferred shares after dilution effects   82   83   64
Net income available to preferred equity owners considering preferred shares
    after the dilution effect
11,392   12,713   10,702
Total net income available to ordinary equity owners   11,953   13,110   10,917
Dividend on preferred shares after dilution effects   (82   )   (83   )   (64   )
Net income available to ordinary equity owners considering preferred shares
    after the dilution effect
11,871   13,027   10,853
Adjusted weighted average of shares (Note 21a)
Common shares   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143   3,351,741,143
Preferred shares   3,216,235,372   3,270,734,307   3,305,545,129
Preferred shares   3,171,215,661   3,228,881,081   3,266,347,063
Incremental shares from stock options granted under our share-based payment   45,019,711   41,853,226   39,198,066
Earnings per share - diluted – R$
Common shares   3.54   3.89   3.24
Preferred shares   3.54   3.89   3.24

Potential anti-dilution effects
of shares under our share-based payment, which were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share, totaled 6,901,686
preferred shares at 12/31/2016, 4,805,473 preferred shares at 12/31/2015 and 3,494,779 preferred shares at 12/31/2014.

F- 89

Note 29 – Post-employment benefits

The accounting policies and procedures adopted by ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING CONSOLIDATED for employee benefits are summarized below:

The total amounts recognized in Income for the Period and Stockholders’
Equity – Other comprehensive income were as follows:

Total amounts recognized in Income for the period

Defined
    benefit   Defined
    contribution (*)   Other
    benefits   Total
01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Cost of current service   (62   )   (68   )   (74   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   (62   )   (68   )   (74   )
Net interest   (13   )   (6   )   (32   )   239   219   196   (19   )   (17   )   (14   )   207   196   150
Contribution   -   -   -   121   (381   )   (133   )   -   -   -   121   (381   )   (133   )
Benefits paid   -   -   -   -   -   -   13   13   9   13   13   9
Total
    Amounts Recognized   (75   )   (74   )   (106   )   360   (162   )   63   (6   )   (4   )   (5   )   279   (240   )   (48   )

(*) In the period, contributions to the defined contributions
plan, including PGBL, totaled R$ 339 (R$ 207 from 01/01 to 12/31/2015 and R$ 190 from 01/01 to 12/31/2014), of which R$ 115 (R$
144 from 01/01 to 12/31/2015 and R$ 133 from 01/01 to 12/31/2014) arising from social security funds.

Total amounts recognized in Stockholders’ Equity –
Other comprehensive income

Defined
    benefit   Defined
    contribution   Other
    benefits   Total
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
At the beginning
    of the period   (45   )   (75   )   (354   )   (314   )   (221   )   (286   )   (13   )   (8   )   7   (372   )   (304   )   (633   )
Effects on asset ceiling (*)   (633   )   (103   )   (453   )   (1,244   )   (38   )   77   -   -   -   (1,877   )   (141   )   (376   )
Remeasurements   608   133   732   236   (55   )   (12   )   (36   )   (5   )   (15   )   808   73   705
Total
    Amounts Recognized   (70   )   (45   )   (75   )   (1,322   )   (314   )   (221   )   (49   )   (13   )   (8   )   (1,441   )   (372   )   (304   )

(*) The revision of the estimate for recognition of the social
security fund resulted in the reversal of future contributions by R$ 1,053.

F- 90

a) Retirement plans

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
and some of its subsidiaries sponsor defined benefit plans, including variable contribution plans, whose basic purpose of which
is to provide benefits that, in general, represent a life annuity benefit, and may be converted into survivorship annuities, according
to the plan's regulations. They also sponsor defined contribution plans, the benefit of which is calculated based on the accumulated
balance of individual accounts at the eligibility date, according to the plan’s regulations, which does not require actuarial
calculation, except as described in Note 29c.

Employees hired prior to July
31, 2002, for those who came from Itaú, and prior to February 27, 2009 for those who came from Unibanco, are beneficiaries
of the above-mentioned plans. As regards the new employees hired after these dates, they have the option to voluntarily participate
in a variable contribution plan (PGBL), managed by Itaú Vida e Previdência S.A.

Retirement plans are managed
by closed-end private pension entities (EFPC), with independent legal structures, as detailed below:

Entity   Benefit plan
Fundação Itau Unibanco - Previdência Complementar   Supplementary retirement plan – PAC (1)
Franprev benefit plan - PBF (1)
002 benefit plan - PB002 (1)
Itaulam basic plan - PBI (1)
Itaulam Supplementary Plan - PSI (2)
Itaubanco Defined Contribution Plan (3)
Itaubank Retirement Plan (3)
Itaú Defined Benefit Plan (1)
Itaú Defined Contribution Plan (2)
Unibanco Pension Plan (3)
Prebeg benefit plan (1)
UBB PREV defined benefit plan (1)
Benefit plan II (1)
Supplementary Retirement Plan – Flexible Premium Annuity (ACMV) (1)
REDECARD Basic Retirement Plan (1)
REDECARD Supplementary Retirement Plan (2)
REDECARD Pension Plan (3)
ITAUCARD Defined Benefit  Retirement Plan (1)
ITAUCARD Supplementary Retirement Plan (2)
Funbep Fundo de Pensão Multipatrocinado   Funbep I Benefit Plan (1)
Funbep II Benefit Plan (2)

(1)

Defined benefit plan;

(2)

Variable contribution plan;

(3)

Defined contribution plan.

b)

Governance

The closed-end private pension
entities (EFPC) and the benefit plans they manage are regulated in conformity with the related specific legislation. The EFPC are
managed by the Executive Board, Advisory Council and Fiscal Council, with some members appointed by the sponsors and others appointed
as representatives of active and other participants, pursuant to the respective Entity’s by laws. The main purpose of the
EFPC is to pay benefits to eligible participants, pursuant to the Plan Regulations, maintaining the plans assets invested separately
and independently from ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

F- 91

c) Defined benefit plans

I - Main assumptions used in actuarial valuation
of retirement plans

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Discount rate (1)   10.24% p.a.   11.28% p.a.   10.24% p.a.
Mortality table (2)   AT-2000   AT-2000   AT-2000
Turnover (3)   Exp.Itaú 2008/2010   Exp.Itaú 2008/2010   Exp.Itaú 2008/2010
Future salary growth   5.04% to 7.12% p.a.   5.04% to 7.12% p.a.   5.04 to 7.12% p.a.
Growth of the pension fund and social security benefits   4.00% p.a.   4.00% p.a.   4.00% p.a.
Inflation   4.00% p.a.   4.00% p.a.   4.00% p.a.
Actuarial method (4)   Projected Unit Credit   Projected Unit Credit   Projected Unit Credit

(1)	The adoption of this
assumption is based on interest rates obtained from the actual interest curve in IPCA, for medium term liabilities of retirement
plans sponsored by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. At 12/31/2016 assumptions were adopted consistently with the economic scenario
at the balance sheet date rate, considering the volatility of the interest markets and the models adopted.

(2)	The mortality tables
adopted correspond to those disclosed by Society of Actuaries (SOA), the North-American entity which corresponds to Brazilian Institute
of Actuarial Science (IBA), which reflects a 10% increase in the probabilities of survival compared to the respective basic tables.The
life expectancy in years per the AT-2000 mortality table for participants aged 55 years is 27 and 31 years for men and women, respectively.

(3)	The turnover assumption
is based on the effective experience of active participants linked to ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, resulting in the average of
2.4 % p.a. based on the 2008/2010 experience.

(4)	Using the Projected
Unit Credit method, the mathematical reserve is determined based on the current projected benefit amount multiplied by the ratio
between the length of service at the assessment date and the length of service that will be reached at the date when the benefit
is granted. The cost is determined taking into account the current projected benefit amount distributed over the years that each
participant is employed.

In case of benefits sponsored
by foreign subsidiaries, actuarial assumptions adequate to the group of participants and the country's economic scenario are adopted.

Biometric/demographic assumptions
adopted are consistent with the group of participants of each benefit plan, pursuant to the studies carried out by an independent
external actuarial consulting company.

II- Risk Exposure -
Through its defined benefit
plans, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant ones

are:

-
Volatility of Assets
-
The actuarial liability is calculated by adopting a discount rate defined on the income related to securities issued by

the Brazilian treasury (government securities). If the actual income related to plan assets is lower than expected, this may
give rise to a deficit. The plans have a significant percentage of fixed-income securities pegged to the plan commitments, aimed
at minimizing volatility and short and medium term risk.

-
Changes in Investment
Income -
A decrease in income related to public securities will imply a decrease in the discount rate and,

therefore,
will increase the plan's actuarial liability. The effect will be partially offset by the recognition of these securities at market
value.

-
Inflation Risk -
Most
of the employee benefit plans are pegged to the inflation rates, and a higher inflation will lead to higher obligations.

The
effect will also be partially offset because a significant portion of the plan assets is pegged to government securities restated
at the inflation rate.

-
Life Expectancy -
Most
of the plan obligations are to provide life benefits, and therefore an increase in life expectancy will result in

increased
plan liabilities.

III   - Management of defined benefit plan assets

The general purpose of managing
EFPCs funds is to search for a long term balance between assets and obligations to pay retirement benefits, by exceeding the actuarial
targets (discount rate plus benefit adjustment index, established in the plan regulations).

Regarding the assets guaranteeing
the actuarial liability reserves, management should ensure the payment capacity of retirement benefits in the long term by avoiding
the risk of mismatching assets and liabilities in each pension plan.

F- 92

The allocation of plan assets and the allocation
target by type of asset are as follows:

Fair
    Value   %
    Allocation
Types   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   Meta
    2017
Fixed income securities   15,134   12,369   12,250   91.61   %   90.73   %   91.16   %   53%
                                         to 100%
Variable income securities   685   537   641   4.15   %   3.94   %   4.77   %   0%
                                         to 20%
Structured investments   9   27   22   0.05   %   0.20   %   0.17   %   0%
                                         to 10%
Real estate   623   633   488   3.77   %   4.64   %   3.63   %   0%
                                         to 7%
Loans to participants   69   67   37   0.42   %   0.49   %   0.27   %   0%
                                         to 5%
Total   16,520   13,633   13,438   100.00   %   100.00   %   100.00   %

The defined benefit plan assets
include shares of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, its main parent company (ITAÚSA) and of subsidiaries of the latter, with
a fair value of R$ 575 (R$ 452 at 12/31/2015 and R$ 554 at 12/31/2014), and real estate rented to Group companies, with a fair
value of R$ 597 (R$ 606 at 12/31/2015 and R$ 455 at 12/31/2014).

Fair Value

The fair value of the plan assets
is adjusted up to the Balance Sheet date, as follows:

Fixed-Income Securities and
Structured Investments
–

accounted for at market value, considering the average trading price on the calculation

date, net realizable value obtained upon the technical addition of pricing, considering, at least, the payment terms and maturity,
credit risk and the indexing unit.

Variable income securities

–

accounted for at market value, taken to be the share average quotation at the last day of the month or at the
closest

date on the stock exchange on which the share has posted the highest liquidity rate.

Real Estate
–

stated at acquisition or construction cost, adjusted to market value based on reappraisals made in 2015, supported by technical

appraisal reports. Depreciation is calculated under the straight line method, considering the useful life of the real estate.

Loans to participants
–
adjusted up to the report date, in compliance with the respective agreements.

Fund Allocation Target

The fund allocation target is
based on Investment Policies that are currently revised and approved by the Advisory Council of each EFPC, considering a five-year
period, which establishes guidelines for investing funds guaranteeing Actuarial Liability and for classifying securities.

IV- Net amount recognized in the balance
sheet

Following is the calculation
of the net amount recognized in the balance sheet, corresponding to the defined benefit plan:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
1 - Net assets of the plans   16,520   13,633   13,438
2- Actuarial liabilities   (13,723   )   (11,587   )   (11,695   )
3- Surplus (1-2)   2,797   2,046   1,743
4- Asset ceiling (*)   (3,008   )   (2,134   )   (1,847   )
5- Net amount recognized in the balance sheet (3-4)   (211   )   (88   )   (104   )
Amount recognized in assets (Note 20a)   317   224   242
Amount recognized in liabilities (Note 20b)   (528   )   (312   )   (346   )

(*) Corresponds to the excess of the present value
of the available economic benefit, in conformity with paragraph 58 of IAS 19.

F- 93

V- Changes in the net amount recognized in the balance sheet:

12/31/2016
Plan net assets   Actuarial liabilities   Surplus   Asset ceiling   Recognized amount
Value at the beginning of the period   13,633   (11,587   )   2,046   (2,134   )   (88   )
Cost of current service   -   (62   )   (62   )   -   (62   )
Net interest (1)   1,483   (1,255   )   228   (241   )   (13   )
Benefits paid   (1,060   )   1,060   -   -   -
Contributions of sponsors   149   -   149   -   149
Contributions of participants   15   -   15   -   15
Effects on asset ceiling   -   -   -   (633   )   (633   )
Balance   arising   from   the
      CoprBanca acquisition (Note 3)   -   (207   )   (207   )   -   (207   )
Exchange Variation   (8   )   43   35   -   35
Remeasurements (2) (3)   2,308   (1,715   )   593   -   593
Value end of the period   16,520   (13,723   )   2,797   (3,008   )   (211   )

12/31/2015
Plan net assets   Actuarial liabilities   Surplus   Asset ceiling   Recognized amount
Value at the beginning of the period   13,438   (11,695   )   1,743   (1,847   )   (104   )
Cost of current service   -   (68   )   (68   )   -   (68   )
Net interest (1)   1,334   (1,151   )   183   (189   )   (6   )
Benefits paid   (908   )   908   -   -   -
Contributions of sponsors   60   -   60   -   60
Contributions of participants   15   -   15   -   15
Effects on asset ceiling   -   -   -   (103   )   (103   )
Remeasurements (2) (3)   (306   )   419   113   5   118
Value end of the period   13,633   (11,587   )   2,046   (2,134   )   (88   )

12/31/2014
Plan net assets   Actuarial liabilities   Surplus   Asset ceiling   Recognized amount
Value beginning of the period   12,512   (11,577   )   935   (1,293   )   (358   )
Cost of current service   -   (74   )   (74   )   -   (74   )
Net interest (1)   1,178   (1,087   )   91   (123   )   (32   )
Benefits paid   (780   )   780   -   -   -
Contributions of sponsors   81   -   81   -   81
Contributions of participants   15   -   15   -   15
Effects on asset ceiling   -   -   -   (453   )   (453   )
Remeasurements (2) (3)   432   263   695   22   717
Value end of the period   13,438   (11,695   )   1,743   (1,847   )   (104   )

(1)   Corresponds to the
amount calculated on 01/01/2016 based on the beginning amount (Net Assets, Actuarial Liabilities and Asset ceiling), taking into
account the estimated amount of payments/ receipts of benefits/ contributions, multiplied by the discount rate of 11.28% p.a. (At
01/01/2015 used by the discount rate of 10.24% p.a.)

(2)   Remeasurements recorded
in net assets and asset ceiling correspond to the income earned above/below the expected return rate.

(3)   The actual return
on assets amounted to R$ 3,791 (R$ 1,028 at 12/31/2015 and R$ 1,610 at 12/31/2014 ).

F- 94

During the period, the contributions made
totaled R$ 149 (R$ 60 from 01/01 to 12/31/2015 and R$ 81 from 01/01 to 12/31/2014). The contribution rate increases based on
the beneficiary’s salary.

In 2017, contribution to the retirement plans sponsored
by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is expected to amount to R$ 71.

The estimate for payment of benefits for the next
10 years is as follows:

Period   Payment estimate
2017   1,071
2018   1,112
2019   1,160
2020   1,212
2021   1,266
2022 to 2026   7,098

VI- Sensitivity of defined benefit obligation

The impact, due to the change
in the assumption – discount rate by 0.5%, which would be recognized in Actuarial liabilities of the plans, as well as in
Stockholders’ Equity – Other Comprehensive Income of the sponsor (before taxes) would amount to:

Effect which would be
Effects on actuarial   recognized in
Change in Assumption   liabilities of the plan   Stockholders’ Equity (*)
Percentage of
actuarial
Value   liabilities   Value
- Decrease by 0.5%   703   5.13   %   (271   )
- Increase by 0.5%   (644   )   (4.70   )%   235

(*) Net of effects of asset ceiling

F- 95

d) Defined contribution plans

The defined contribution plans
have assets relating to sponsors’ contributions not yet included in the participant’s account balance due to loss of
eligibility to a plan benefit, as well as resources from the migration from the defined benefit plans. The fund will be used for
future contributions to the individual participants' accounts, according to the rules of the respective benefit plan regulation.

I - Change in the net amount recognized in the Balance
sheet:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Pension plan   Recognized   Pension plan   Recognized   Pension plan   Recognized
fund   Asset ceiling   amount   fund   Asset ceiling   amount   fund   Asset ceiling   amount
Value beginning of the period   2,229   (270   )   1,959   2,438   (224   )   2,214   2,361   (275   )   2,086
Net interest   269   (30   )   239   239   (20   )   219   223   (27   )   196
Contribution (Note 29)   121   -   121   (381   )   -   (381   )   (133   )   -   (133   )
Receivables – allocation of funds (*)   (515   )   -   (515   )   -   -   -   -   -   -
Effects on asset ceiling (Note 29)   (1,053   )   (191   )   (1,244   )   -   (38   )   (38   )   -   77   77
Remeasurements   236   -   236   (67   )   12   (55   )   (13   )   1   (12   )
Value end of the period (Note 20a)   1,287   (491   )   796   2,229   (270   )   1,959   2438   -224   2214

(*)   Refers to the allocation of the surplus of Plano Itaubanco CD’s social security fund.

e)   Other post-employment benefits

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and
its subsidiaries do not offer other post-employment benefits, except in those cases arising from obligations under acquisition
agreements signed by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, as well as in relation to the benefits granted due to a judicial sentence, in
accordance with the terms and conditions established, in which health plans are totally or partially sponsored for specific groups
of former workers and beneficiaries.

Based on the report prepared by
an independent actuary, the changes in obligations for these other projected benefits and the amounts recognized in the balance
sheet, under liabilities, of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are as follows:

I- Change in the net amount recognized in the balance sheet:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
At the beginning of the period   (179   )   (170   )   (146   )
Interest cost   (19   )   (17   )   (14   )
Benefits paid   13   13   9
Remeasurements   (36   )   (5   )   (19   )
At the end of the period (Note 20b)   (221   )   (179   )   (170   )

The estimate for payment of benefits for the next 10
years is as follows:

Period   Payment estimate
2017   13
2018   14
2019   15
2020   16
2021   17
2022 to 2026   103

II- Assumptions and sensitivity - medical care cost

For calculation of projected benefits
obligations in addition to the assumptions used for the defined benefit plans (Note 29c I), an 8.16% p.a. increase in medical costs
assumption is assumed.

Assumptions about medical care
cost trends have a significant impact on the amounts recognized in income. A change of one percentage point in the medical care
cost rates would have the following effects:

Recognition   1% increase   1% decrease
Service cost and interest cost   Income   3   (2   )
Present value of obligation   Other comprehensive income   26   (22   )

F- 96

Note 30 – Insurance contracts

a)   Insurance
contracts

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING,
through its subsidiaries, offers to the market insurance and private pension products, with the purpose of assuming risks and restoring
the economic balance of the assets of the policyholder if damaged. Products are offered through insurance brokers (third parties
operating in the market and its own brokers), Itaú Unibanco branches and electronic channels, according to their characteristics
and regulatory requirements.

b)   Main
products

I - Insurance

The contract entered into between
the parties aims at guaranteeing the protection of the client's assets. Upon payment of a premium, the policyholder is protected
through previously-agreed replacement or indemnification clauses for damages. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING insurance companies
then recognize technical reserves administered by themselves, through specialized areas within the conglomerate, with the objective
of indemnifying the policyholder's loss in the event of claims of insured risks.

The insurance risks sold by
insurance companies of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are divided into property and casualty, that covers losses, damages or liabilities
for assets or persons, and life insurance, that includes coverage for death and personal accidents.

Loss ratio   Sales ratio
%   %
Main insurance lines   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Group accident insurance   5.0   5.8   42.1   42.0
Individual accident   19.5   19.5   12.4   11.4
Commercial multiple peril   63.3   44.6   21.1   20.9
Internal credit   221.7   113.7   3.9   18.3
Mandatory insurance for personal injury caused by motor vehicles
(DPVAT)   85.7   86.7   1.4   1.4
Serious or terminal diseases   22.1   16.1   10.7   10.7
Extended warranty - assets   17.1   16.8   63.8   64.6
Credit Life   18.7   15.6   19.0   21.8
Multiple risks   7.8   7.4   62.1   62.2
Home insurance in market policies – Credit Life   14.7   15.0   (0.3   )   (2.8   )
Group life   46.8   46.7   13.6   13.0

II - Private pension

Developed as a solution to
ensure the maintenance of the quality of life of participants, as a supplement to the government plans, through long term investments,
private pension products are divided into three major groups:

·   PGBL - Plan Generator of Benefits: The main objective of this plan is the accumulation of financial resources, but it can be purchased with additional risk coverage. Recommended for clients that file the full version of income tax return, because they can deduct contributions paid for tax purposes up to 12% of the annual taxable gross income.

·   VGBL - Redeemable Life Insurance: This is an insurance structured as a pension plan. Its taxation differs from the PGBL; in this case, the tax basis is the earned income.

·   FGB - Fund Generator of Benefits: This is a pension plan with minimum income guarantee, and possibility of receiving earnings from asset performance. Once recognized the distribution of earnings at a certain percentage, as established by the FGB policy, it is not at management's discretion, but instead represents an obligation to ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. Although there are plans still in existence, they are no longer sold.

F- 97

III – Income related to insurance and private pension

The revenue from the main insurance and private pension products
is as follows:

Premiums
    and contributions issued   Reinsurance   Retained
    premiums and contributions
01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Group accident insurance   780   862   796   (4   )   (2   )   (2   )   776   860   794
Individual accident   224   214   186   (12   )   (11   )   (2   )   212   203   184
Commercial multiple peril   56   57   139   -   -   (25   )   56   57   114
Internal Credit   63   151   105   -   -   -   63   151   105
Mandatory insurance for personal injury caused by motor vehicles
    (DPVAT)   37   37   243   -   -   -   37   37   243
Serious or terminal diseases   167   169   159   (1   )   (2   )   (1   )   166   167   158
Warranty extension - assets   112   252   1,202   -   112   252   1,202
Disability Savings Pension   298   256   194   (3   )   (6   )   (5   )   295   250   189
PGBL   1,955   1,840   1,665   -   1,955   1,840   1,665
Credit Life   570   726   802   -   (1   )   570   725   802
Petroleum risks   -   -   284   -   -   (252   )   -   -   32
Multiple risks   162   172   223   -   -   (53   )   162   172   170
Specified and all risks   -   -   501   -   -   (393   )   -   -   108
Home Insurance in Market Policies – Credit Life   261   224   187   (18   )   (19   )   (19   )   243   205   168
Traditional   142   159   174   -   -   -   142   159   174
VGBL   18,153   15,501   13,532   -   18,153   15,501   13,532
Group life   1,278   1,453   1,414   (44   )   (37   )   (28   )   1,234   1,416   1,386
Other lines   591   561   991   (12   )   (11   )   (251   )   579   550   740
Total   24,849   22,634   22,797   (94   )   (89   )   (1,031   )   24,755   22,545   21,766

F- 98

c)   Technical reserves for insurance and private pension

The technical provisions of
insurance and pension plan are recognized according to the technical notes approved by SUSEP and criteria established by current
legislation.

I - Insurance and private
pension:

·   Provision for unearned premiums – this provision is recognized, based on insurance premiums, for the coverage of amounts payable related to claims and expenses to be incurred, throughout their terms maturity, in connection with the risks assumed at the calculation base date. The calculation is performed on the level of policies or endorsement of agreements in force, on a pro rata-die basis.The provision includes an estimate for effective and not issued risks (PPNG-RVNE).

·   Provision for unsettled claims – this provision is recognized for the coverage of amounts payable related to lump-sum payments and income overdue from claims reported up to the calculation base date, but not yet paid. The provision covers administrative and legal claims, gross of accepted coinsurance operations and reinsurance operations and net of ceded coinsurance operations. The provision should include, whenever required, IBNER (claims incurred but not sufficiently reported) for the aggregate development of claims reported but not paid, which amounts may be changed throughout the process up to final settlement.

·   Provision for claims incurred and not reported – this provision is recognized for the coverage of expected unsettled amounts related to claims incurred but not reported up to the calculation base date, gross of accepted coinsurance operations and reinsurance operations, and net of ceded coinsurance operations.

·   Mathematical provisions for benefits to be granted - recognized for the coverage of commitments assumed to participants or policyholders, based on the assumptions set forth in the contract, while the event that gave rise to the benefit and/or indemnity has not occurred. The provision is calculated in accordance with the methodology approved in the actuarial technical note to the product.

·   Mathematical provisions for granted benefits - recognized after the event triggering the benefit occurs, for the coverage of the commitments assumed to the participants or insured parties, based on the assumptions established in the agreement. The provision is calculated in accordance with the methodologies approved in the technical actuarial note on the product.

·   Provision for financial surplus – it is recognized to ensure the amounts intended for distribution of financial surplus, if the event is stated in the agreement. Corresponds to the financial income exceeding the minimum return guaranteed in the product.

·   Other technical provisions – it is recognized when insufficiency of premiums or contributions are identified related to payments of benefits and indemnities.

·   Provision for redemptions and other amounts to regularize – it comprises the amounts related to redemptions to regularize, returns of premiums or funds, portability requested but, for any reason, not yet transferred to the insurance company or open private pension entity beneficiary, and premiums received but not quoted.

·   Provision for related expenses - It is recognized for the coverage of expected amounts related to expenses with benefits and indemnities, due to events incurred and to be incurred.

II - Change in reserves for insurance and private
pension

The details about the changes in balances of reserves
for insurance and private pension operations are as follows:

F- 99

II.I - Change in technical provisions

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Property, individuals and life insurance   Private pension   Life
    with survivor benefits   Total   Property, individuals and life insurance   Private pension   Life
    with survivor benefits   Total
Opening balance   4,755   32,688   91,862   129,305   5,872   28,228   75,678   109,778
(+) Additions arising from premiums / contribution   4,302   2,395   18,153   24,850   4,825   2,255   15,501   22,581
(-) Deferral of risk   (5,124   )   (297   )   -   (5,421   )   (5,780   )   (253   )   -   (6,033   )
(-) Payment of claims / benefits   (1,623   )   (370   )   (39   )   (2,032   )   (1,553   )   (337   )   (19   )   (1,909   )
(+) Reported claims   1,620   -   -   1,620   1,712   -   -   1,712
(-) Redemptions   (1   )   (1,939   )   (13,277   )   (15,217   )   (2   )   (1,479   )   (8,720   )   (10,201   )
(+/-) Net portability   -   380   709   1,089   -   886   504   1,390
(+) Adjustment of reserves and financial surplus   20   4,371   13,171   17,562   9   3,244   9,052   12,305
(+/-) Other (recognition / reversal)   (23   )   451   1,892   2,320   (328   )   144   (134   )   (318   )
Reserves for insurance and private pension   3,926   37,679   112,471   154,076   4,755   32,688   91,862   129,305

II.II - Technical provisions balances

Insurance   Private pension   Total
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Unearned premiums   2,204   3,027   17   15   2,221   3,042
Mathematical reserve for benefits to be granted and benefits granted   24   24   148,341   122,914   148,365   122,938
Redemptions and Other Unsettled Amounts   11   23   210   166   221   189
Financial surplus   2   1   581   547   583   548
Unsettled claims (1)   769   783   23   18   792   801
IBNR   435   424   27   24   462   448
Administrative and Related Expenses   39   42   71   50   110   92
Other   442   431   880   816   1,322   1,247
Total (2)   3,926   4,755   150,150   124,550   154,076   129,305

(1)
The provision for unsettled claims is detailed in Note 30e.

(2)

This table covers the amendments established by Susep Circular No. 517, de 07/30/2015, also for comparison purposes.

F- 100

d)   Deferred selling expenses

Deferred acquisition costs
of insurance are direct and indirect costs incurred to sell, underwrite and originate a new insurance contract.

Direct costs are basically
commissions paid for brokerage services, agency and prospecting efforts and are deferred for amortization in proportion to the
recognition of revenue from earned premiums, that is, over the coverage period, for the term of effectiveness of contracts, according
to the calculation rules in force.

Balances are recorded under
gross reinsurance assets and changes are shown in the table below:

Balance at 01/01/2016   901
Increase   902
Amortization   (1,374   )
Balance at 12/31/2016   429
Balance to be amortized in up to 12 months   335
Balance to be amortized after 12 months   94
Balance at 01/01/2015   1,647
Increase   1,133
Amortization   (1,879   )
Balance at 12/31/2015   901
Balance to be amortized in up to 12 months   644
Balance to be amortized after 12 months   257

The amounts of deferred selling expenses from reinsurance
are stated in Note 30I.

F- 101

e)   Table of loss development

Changes in the amount of obligations
of the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING may occur at the end of each annual reporting period. The table below shows the development
by the claims incurred method. The first part of the table shows how the final loss estimate changes through time. The second part
of the table reconciles the amounts pending payment and the liability disclosed in the balance sheet.

I – Gross of reinsurance

Reserve for unsettled claims (*)   792
(-) DPVAT operations   19
(-) IBNER (claims incurred but not sufficiently reported)   240
(-) Retrocession and other estimates   3
Liability claims presented in the development table (Ia + Ib)   530

(*) Provision for unsettled claims stated in Note 30c II.II
of 12/30/2016, gross of reinsurance

Ia - Administratives claims - gross of reinsurance

Occurrence date   12/31/2012   12/31/2013   12/31/2014   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   Total
At the end of reporting period   1,230   1,168   1,142   1,243   1,310
After 1 year   1,221   1,166   1,130   1,286
After 2 years   1,227   1,172   1,150
After 3 years   1,227   1,177
After 4 years   1,229
Current estimate   1,229   1,177   1,150   1,286   1,310
Accumulated payments through base date   1,226   1,173   1,142   1,262   1,098   5,901
Liabilities recognized in the balance sheet   3   4   8   24   212   251
Liabilities in relation to prior years   27
Total administratives claims included in balance sheet   278

Ib - Judicial claims - gross of reinsurance

Occurrence date   12/31/2012   12/31/2013   12/31/2014   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   Total
At the end of reporting period   54   32   32   35   34
After 1 year   64   49   44   48
After 2 years   72   59   56
After 3 years   78   70
After 4 years   85
Current estimate   85   70   56   48   34
Accumulated payments through base date   65   50   40   33   24   212
Liabilities recognized in the balance sheet   20   20   17   15   10   82
Liabilities in relation to prior years   170
Total judicial claims included in balance sheet   252

F- 102

II - Net of reinsurance

Reserve for unsettled claims (1)   792
(-) DPVAT operations   19
(-) IBNER   240
(-) Reinsurance (2)   31
(-) Retrocession and other estimates   3
Liability claims presented in the development table (IIa + IIb)   499

(1)   Provision refers to provision for unsettled claims stated in Note 30c II.II of 12/31/2016.

(2)   Reinsurance operations stated in Note 30l III of 12/31/2016.

IIa - Administratives claims - net of reinsurance

Occurrence date   12/31/2012   12/31/2013   12/31/2014   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   Total
At the end of reporting period   1,186   1,144   1,129   1,221   1,298
After 1 year   1,175   1,142   1,116   1,253
After 2 years   1,181   1,148   1,131
After 3 years   1,182   1,152
After 4 years   1,183
Current estimate   1,183   1,152   1,131   1,253   1,298
Accumulated payments through base date   1,180   1,149   1,123   1,229   1,092   5,773
Liabilities recognized in the balance sheet   3   4   8   24   206   245
Liabilities in relation to prior years   18
Total administratives claims included in balance sheet   263

IIb - Judicial claims - net of reinsurance

Occurrence date   12/31/2012   12/31/2013   12/31/2014   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   Total
At the end of reporting period   54   32   32   35   31
After 1 year   64   49   44   47
After 2 years   72   59   56
After 3 years   77   70
After 4 years   84
Current estimate   84   70   56   47   31
Accumulated payments through base date   64   50   40   33   21   208
Liabilities recognized in the balance sheet   20   20   17   14   10   81
Liabilities in relation to prior years   155
Total judicial claims included in balance sheet   236

The breakdown of the table development
of claims between administrative and legal evidences the reallocation of claims up to a certain base date and that become legal
ones afterwards, which may give the wrong impression of need for adjusting the provisions in each breakdown.

F- 103

f)   Liability adequacy test

As established in IFRS 4
– “Insurance contracts”, an insurance company must carry out the Liability Adequacy Test, comparing the
amount recognized for its technical reserves with the current estimate of cash flow of its future obligations. The estimate
should consider all cash flows related to the business, which is the minimum requirement for carrying out the adequacy
test.

The Liability adequacy test
did not show any deficiency for periods ended 2016, 2015 and 2014.

The assumptions used in the test are periodically
reviewed and are based on the best practices and the analysis of subsidiaries’ experience, therefore representing the best
estimates for cash flow projections.

Methodology and Test Grouping

The methodology for testing
all products is based on the projection of cash flows. Specifically for insurance products, cash flows were projected using the
method known as run-off triangle of quarterly frequency. Cash flows for the deferral and the assignment phases are tested on a
separate basis for social security products.

The risk grouping criterion
considers groups subject to similar risks that are jointly managed as a single portfolio.

Biometric Tables

Biometric tables are instruments
to measure the biometric risk represented by the probability of death, survival or disability of a participant.

For death and survival estimates,
the Brazilian Market Insurer Experience (BR-EMS) tables in effect are used, adjusted according to life expectancy development of
Scale G, and the Álvaro Vindas table is adopted to estimate benefit requests for disability

Risk-free Interest Rate

The relevant risk-free forward
interest-rate structure is an indicator of the pure time value of money used to price the set of projected cash flows.

The relevant structure of risk-free
interest rate was obtained from the curve of securities deemed to be credit risk free, available in the Brazilian financial market
and determined pursuant to an internal policy of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, considering the addition of spread, which took into
account the impact of the market result of held-to-maturity securities of the guarantee assets portfolio.

Income conversion rate

The income conversion rate
represents the expected conversion of balances accumulated by participants in retirement benefits. The decision of conversion into
income by participants is influenced by behavioral, economic and tax factors.

Other Assumptions

Related expenses, cancellations
and partial redemptions, future increases and contributions, among others, are assumptions that affect the estimate of projected
cash flows since they represent expenses and income arising from insurance agreements assumed.

F- 104

g)   Insurance risk – effect of changes on actuarial assumptions

Property insurance is a short-lived
insurance, and the main actuarial assumptions involved in the management and pricing of the associated risks are claims frequency
and severity. Volatility above the expected number of claims and/or amount of claim indemnities may result in unexpected losses.

Life insurance and pension
plans are, in general, medium or long-lived products and the main risks involved in the business may be classified as biometric
risk, financial risk and behavioral risk.

Biometric risk relates to:
i) more than expected increase in life expectancies for products with survivorship coverage (mostly pension plans); ii) more than
expected decrease in mortality rates for products with survivorship coverage (mostly life insurance).

Products offering financial
guarantee predetermined under contract involve financial risk inherent in the underwriting risk, with such risk being considered
insurance risk.

Behavioral risk relates to
a more than expected increase in the rates of conversion into annuity income, resulting in increased payments of retirement benefits.

The estimated actuarial assumptions
are based on the historical evaluation of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, on benchmarks and the experience of the actuaries.

To measure the effects of changes
in the key actuarial assumptions, sensitivity tests were conducted in the amounts of current estimates of future liability cash
flows. The sensitivity analysis considers a vision of the impacts caused by changes in assumptions, which could affect the income
for the period and stockholders’ equity at the balance sheet date. This type of analysis is usually conducted under the
ceteris
paribus
 condition, in which the sensitivity of a system is measured when one variable of interest is changed and all the others
remain unchanged. The results obtained are shown in the table below:

F- 105

The sensitivity analysis considers a vision of the impacts
caused by changes in assumptions, which could affect the income for the period and stockholders’ equity at the balance sheet
date. Results were as follows:

Impact
    in Results and Stockholders’ Equity (1)
12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Supplementary   Insurance   Supplementary   Insurance
Retirement Plans and   Gross of   Net of   Retirement Plans and   Gross of   Net of
Sensitivity analysis   Life
    with Living Benefits   reinsurance   reinsurance   Life
    with Living Benefits   reinsurance   reinsurance
5% increase in mortality rates   21   (3   )   (3   )   8   (4   )   (3   )
5% decrease in mortality rates   (23   )   3   3   (8   )   3   3
0.1% increase in risk-free interest rates   49   6   6   38   7   7
0.1% decrease in risk-free interest rates   (50   )   (6   )   (6   )   (39   )   (7   )   (7   )
5% increase in conversion in income rates   (6   )   -   -   (12   )   -   -
5% decrease in conversion in income rates   6   -   -   12   -   -
5% increase in claims   0   (50   )   (48   )   -   (62   )   (60   )
5% decrease in  claims   0   50   48   -   63   60

(1) Amounts net of tax effects.

h)   Risks of insurance and private pension

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has
specific committees to define the management of funds from the technical reserves for insurance and private pension, issue guidelines
for managing these funds with the objective of achieving long term return, and define evaluation models, risk limits and strategies
on allocation of funds to defined financial assets. Such committees are comprised not only of executives and those directly responsible
for the business management process, but also for an equal number of professionals that head up or coordinate the commercial and
financial areas.

The extended warranty product,
this is marketed by the retail company that sells to consumer. The DPVAT production results from the participation that the insurance
companies of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING have in the Leading Insurance Company of the DPVAT consortium.

F- 106

There is no product concentration in relation to
insurance premiums, reducing the concentration risk of products and distribution channels.

01/01 to 12/31/2016   01/01 to 12/31/2015   01/01 to 12/31/2014
Insurance   Retained   Retention   Insurance   Retained   Retention   Insurance   Retained   Retention
premiums   premium   (%)   premiums   premium   (%)   premiums   premium   (%)
Property and casualty
Mandatory personal injury caused by motor vehicle (DPVAT)   37   37   100.0   37   37   100.0   243   243   100.0
Extended warranty   112   112   100.0   252   252   100.0   1,202   1,202   100.0
Individuals
Group accident insurance   780   776   99.5   862   860   99.7   796   794   99.8
Individual accident   224   212   94.8   214   203   94.8   186   184   98.9
Credit life   570   570   100.0   726   725   99.9   802   802   100.0
Group life   1,278   1,234   96.5   1,453   1,416   97.5   1,414   1,386   98.2
Large risks
Engineering   -   -   -   -   -   -   46   8   17.4
Petroleum risks   -   -   -   -   -   -   284   32   11.3
Specified and operational risks   -   -   -   -   -   -   501   108   21.6

i)   Insurance, pension plan and capitalization management structure

The products that make up the
portfolios of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s insurance companies are related to the life insurance and elementary, pension
plan and capitalization lines. Therefore, we understand that the major risks inherent in these products are as follows:

·   Underwriting risk is the possibility of losses arising from operations of insurance, pension plan and capitalization that go against the organization’s expectations, directly or indirectly associated with the technical and actuarial bases adopted to calculate premiums, contributions and provisions.

·   Market risk is the possibility of incurring losses due to fluctuations in the market values of assets and liabilities comprising the actuarial technical reserves.

·   Credit risk is the possibility of a certain debtor failing to meet any obligations in connection with the settlement of operations involving the trade of financial assets or reinsurance.

·   Operational risk is the possibility of incurring losses arising from the failure, deficiency or inadequacy or internal processes, personnel and systems, or external events impacting the achievement of strategic, tactical or operational purposes of the insurance, pension plan and capitalization operations.

·   Liquidity risk in insurance operations is the possibility of the institution being unable to honor its obligations on a timely basis before policyholders and beneficiaries due to lack of liquidity of assets that make up their actuarial technical reserves.

j)   Duties and responsibilities

In line with good national
and international practices and to ensure that the risks arising from insurance, pension plan and capitalization products are properly
identified, measured, assesses, reported and approved in proper bodies, the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has a risk management
structure which guidelines are established in an internal policy, approved by its Board of Directors, applicable to the companies
and subsidiaries exposed to insurance, pension plan and capitalization risks in Brazil and abroad.

The management process of insurance,
pension plan and capitalization risks is based on responsibilities established and distributed between the control and business
areas, assuring independence among them and focusing on the specificities of each risk, in accordance with the guidelines established
by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

Also, as part of the risk management
process, there is a governance structure where decisions may be escalated to panels, ensuring compliance with a number of internal
and regulatory requirements, as well as balanced decisions regarding risks.

The purpose of ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING is to ensure that assets backing long-term products, with guaranteed minimum returns, are managed according to
the characteristics of the liabilities aiming at actuarial balance and long-term solvency.

Considering actuarial assumptions,
a detailed mapping of the liabilities of long-term products that result in payment flows of projected future benefits is performed
annually. Based on this mapping, Asset Liability Management models are used to find the best asset portfolio composition that enables
the neutralize the risks entailed in this type of product, considering its long-term economic and financial feasibility. The portfolios
of backing assets are periodically rebalanced based on the fluctuations in market prices of assets, the company’s liquidity
needs, and changes in characteristics of liabilities.

F- 107

k)   Market, credit and liquidity risk

I)   Market risk

Market risk is analyzed,
in relation to insurance operations, based on the following metrics and sensitivity and loss control measures: Value at Risk
(
VaR
), Losses in Stress Scenarios (Stress Test), Sensitivity (DV01- Delta Variation) and Concentration. For a detailed
description of metrics, see Note 36 – Market risk. In the table, the sensitivity analysis (DV01 – Delta
Variation) is presented in relation to insurance operations that demonstrate the impact on the cash flows market value when
submitted to a 1 annual basis point increase in the current interest rates or index rate and 1 percentage point in the share
price and currency.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Class   Account balance   DV01   Account balance   DV01
Government securities
NTN-C   5,141   (3.03   )   4,821   (3.20   )
NTN-B   2,969   (3.53   )   2,055   (1.95   )
LTN   -   -   -   -
DI Future   -   -   -   -
Private securities
Indexed to IPCA   307   (0.14   )   209   (0.09   )
Indexed to PRE   240   (0.00   )   77   (0.00   )
Shares   0   0.00   1   0.01
Floating assets   5,852   -   4,998   -
Under agreements to resell   6,266   -   4,977   -

F- 108

II)   Liquidity
Risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING may have insufficient net funds available to honor its current obligations at a given moment. The
liquidity risk is managed, for insurance operation, continuously based on the monitoring of payment flows related to its liabilities
vis a vis the inflows generated by its operations and financial assets portfolio.

Financial assets are managed
in order to optimize the risk-return ratio of investments, considering, on a careful basis, the characteristics of their liabilities.
The risk integrated control considers the concentration limits by issuer and credit risk, sensitivities and market risk limits
and control over asset liquidity risk. Thus, investments are concentrated in government and private securities with good credit
quality in active and liquid markets, keeping a considerable amount invested in short-term assets, available on demand, to cover
regular needs and any liquidity contingencies. Additionally, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING constantly monitors the solvency conditions
of its insurance operations.

Liabilities   Assets   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Liabilities   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities   Liabilities   Assets
amounts (1)   DU (2)   DU (2)   amounts (1)   DU (2)   DU (2)
Insurance operations   Backing asset
Unearned premiums   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B,
    CDB, LF and debentures   2,202   13.5   3,025   15.8   13.8
IBNR, PDR e PSL   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB, LF and
    debentures   1,242   13.8   1,243   15.7   16.9
Other provisions   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB, LF and
    debentures   446   119.0   434   104.6   22.7
Subtotal   Subtotal   3,890   4,702
Pension plan, VGBL and individual
    life operations
Related expenses   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB, LF and
    debentures   71   107.4   80.9   50   102.7   85.7
Unearned premiums   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB and debentures   19   -   14.1   17   -   12.2
Unsettled claims   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB and debentures   25   -   13.9   20   -   12.3
IBNR   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB and debentures   27   11.4   14.1   28   9.8   10.5
Redemptions and Other Unsettled
    Amounts   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, CDB and debentures   221   -   14.0   190   -   12.3
Mathematical reserve for
    benefits granted   LFT, repurchase agreements, LTN, NTN-B, NTN-C,
    NTN-F, CDB, LF and debentures   1,737   107.4   81.1   1,540   102.7   85.8
Mathematical reserve
    for benefits to be granted – PGBL/ VGBL   LFT,
    repurchase agreements, LTN, NTN-B, NTN-C, NTN-F, CDB, LF and debentures (3)   142,039   169.9   39.4   117,073   160.6   23.9
Mathematical reserve
    for benefits to be granted – traditional   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, NTN-C, Debentures   4,584   210.9   92.0   4,321   208.1   79.4
Other provisions   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, NTN-C, CDB,
    LF and debentures   880   210.9   92.0   816   208.1   79.4
Financial surplus   LFT, repurchase agreements, NTN-B, NTN-C, CDB,
    LF and debentures   583   210.6   91.8   548   207.8   79.2
Subtotal   Subtotal   150,186   124,603
Total technical reserves   Total backing assets   154,076   129,305

(1)   Gross
amounts of Credit Rights, Escrow Deposits and Reinsurance.

(2)   DU
= Duration in months

(3)   Excluding
PGBL / VGBL reserves allocated in variable income.

F- 109

III)   Credit Risk

Reinsurers – Breakdown

We present below the division of
risks granted by the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s insurance companies to reinsurance companies:

-   Insurance Operations: reinsurance premiums operations are basically represented by: IRB
Brasil Resseguros with 56.14% (66.67% at 12/31/2015) and Munich Re do Brasil with 43.33% (32.94% at 12/31/2015).

-   Social Security Operations: social security operations related to reinsurance premiums are
entirely represented by Munich Re do Brasil with 70% (50% at 12/31/2015) and General Reinsurance AG with 30% (50% at 12/31/2015).

F- 110

IV) Risk level of financial assets

The table below shows insurance financial assets, individually
evaluated, classified by rating:

12/31/2016
Internal rating (*)   Interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell   Held-for-trading financial assets   Derivatives assets   Available-for- sale financial assets   Held-to- maturity financial assets   Total
Lower risk   7,859   125,944   284   3,558   4,629   142,274
Satisfactory   -   13   -   -   -   13
Higher Risk   -   -   -   -   -   -
Total   7,859   125,957   284   3,558   4,629   142,287
%   5.5   88.5   0.2   2.5   3.3   100.0

(*) Internal risk level ratings, with due associated probability
of default, are detailed in Note 36.

12/31/2015
Internal rating (*)   Interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell   Held-for-trading financial assets   Derivatives assets   Available-for- sale financial assets   Held-to- maturity financial assets   Total
Lower risk   5,667   94,709   126   2,732   4,320   107,554
Satisfactory   -   16   -   -   -   16
Higher Risk   -   -   -   -   -   -
Total   5,667   94,725   126   2,732   4,320   107,570
%   5.3   88.1   0.1   2.5   4.0   100.0

(*) Internal risk level ratings, with due associated probability
of default, are detailed in Note 36.

F- 111

l)   Reinsurance

Expenses and revenues from reinsurance premiums ceded are recognized
in the period when they occur, according to the accrual basis, with no offset of assets and liabilities related to reinsurance
except in the event there is a contractual provision for the offset of accounts between the parties. Analyses of reinsurance required
are made to meet the current needs of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, maintaining the necessary flexibility to comply with changes
in management strategy in response to the various scenarios to which it may exposed.

Reinsurance assets

Reinsurance assets are valued according
to consistent basis of risk assignment contracts, and in the event of losses effectively paid, as from December 2015; they are
revalued after 180 days have elapsed in relation to the possibility of non-recovery. For previous periods, revaluation term is
365 days. This amendment was for compliance with the SUSEP Circular in force. In case of doubt, these assets are reduced based
on the provision recognized for credit risk associated to reinsurance.

Reinsurance transferred

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING transfers,
in the normal course of its businesses, reinsurance premiums to cover losses on underwriting risks to its policy holders and is
in compliance with the operational limits established by the regulating authority. In addition to proportional contracts, non-proportional
contracts are also entered into in order to transfer a portion of the responsibility to the reinsurance company for losses that
exceed a certain level of losses in the portfolio. Non-proportional reinsurance premiums are included in Other assets - prepaid
expenses and amortized to Other operating expenses over the effectiveness period of the contract on a daily accrual basis.

F- 112

I- Changes in balances of transactions with reinsurance
companies

Credits   Debits
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Opening balance   18   262   103   610
Issued contracts   -   -   79   75
Recoverable claims   32   -   -   -
Prepayments / payments to reinsurer   (3   )   12   (108   )   (36   )
Other increase / reversal   (1   )   (256   )   -   (546   )
Closing balance   46   18   74   103

II – Balances of technical reserves with reinsurance assets

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Reinsurance claims   52   52
Reinsurance premiums   15   24
Closing balance   67   76

III – Changes in balances of technical reserves for reinsurance
claims

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Opening balance   52   2,456
Reported claims   70   32
Paid claims   (99   )   (25   )
Other increase / reversal   2   (2,412   )
Monetary adjustment and interest of claims   27   1
Closing balance (*)   52   52

(*) Includes Reserve for unsettled
claims, IBNER (Reserve for claims not sufficiently warned), IBNR (Reserve for claims incurred but not reported), not covered by
the table of loss development net of reinsurance Note 30 eII.

IV – Changes in balances of technical reserves
for reinsurance premiums

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Opening balance   24   949
Receipts   65   61
Payments   (74   )   (45   )
Other increase / reversal   -   (941   )
Closing balance   15   24

V – Changes in balances of technical reserves for reinsurance
commission

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Opening balance   -   (37   )
Receipts   6   4
Payments   (6   )   (4   )
Other increase / reversal   37
Closing balance   -   -

F- 113

m)   Regulatory authorities

Insurance and private pension operations are regulated by the National
Council of Private Insurance (CNSP) and the Superintendence of Private Insurance (SUSEP). These authorities are responsible for
regulating the market, and consequently for assisting in the mitigation of risks inherent in the business.

The CNSP is the regulatory authority of insurance activities in
Brazil, created by Decree-Law N° 73, of November 21, 1966. The main attribution of CNSP, at the time of its creation, was to
set out the guidelines and rules of government policy on private insurance segments, and with the enactment of Law N° 6,435,
of July 15, 1977, its attributions included private pension of public companies.

The Superintendence of Private
Insurance (SUSEP) is the authority responsible for controlling and overseeing the insurance, and reinsurance markets. An agency
of the Ministry of Finance, it was created by the Decree-Law N° 73, of November 21, 1966, which also created the National System
of Private Insurance, comprising the National Council of Private Insurance (CNSP), IRB Brasil Resseguros S.A. – IRB Brasil
Re, the companies authorized to have plans and the open-ended private pension companies.

F- 114

Note 31 – Fair value of financial instruments

In cases where market prices are
not available, fair values are based on estimates using discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques. These techniques are
significantly affected by the assumptions adopted, including the discount rate and estimate of future cash flows. The estimated
fair value achieved through these techniques cannot be substantiated by comparison with independent markets and, in many cases,
it cannot be realized in the immediate settlement of the instrument.

The following table summarizes the carrying and estimated
fair values for financial instruments:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Carrying value   Estimated fair value   Carrying value   Estimated fair value
Financial assets
Cash and deposits on demand and Central Bank compulsory deposits   104,242   104,242   85,100   85,100
Interbank deposits   22,692   22,731   30,525   30,525
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   265,051   265,051   254,404   254,404
Financial assets held for trading (*)   204,648   204,648   164,311   164,311
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss (*)   1,191   1,191   642   642
Derivatives (*)   24,231   24,231   26,755   26,755
Available-for-sale financial assets (*)   88,277   88,277   86,045   86,045
Held-to-maturity financial assets   40,495   40,749   42,185   38,892
Loan operations and lease operations   463,394   472,704   447,404   446,787
Other financial assets   53,917   53,917   53,506   53,506
Financial liabilities
Deposits   329,414   329,371   292,610   292,775
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   349,164   349,164   336,643   336,643
Financial liabilities held for trading (*)   519   519   412   412
Derivatives (*)   24,698   24,698   31,071   31,071
Interbank market debt   135,483   134,730   156,886   156,174
Institutional market debt   96,239   95,012   93,918   95,461
Liabilities for capitalization plans   3,147   3,147   3,044   3,044
Other financial liabilities   71,832   71,832   68,715   68,715

(*) These assets and liabilities are recorded in the balance
sheet at their fair value.

Financial instruments not included in the Balance Sheet (Note 36)
are represented by Standby letters of credit and guarantees provided, which amount to R$ 77,453 (R$ 81,180 at 12/31/2015) with
an estimated fair value of R$ 1,066 (R$ 1,143 at 12/31/2015).

The methods and assumptions adopted to estimate the fair
value are defined below:

a)   Cash and deposits on demand, Central Bank compulsory
deposits, Securities purchased under agreements to resell, Securities sold under repurchase agreements and liabilities for capitalization
plans – The carrying amounts for these instruments approximate their fair values.

b)   Interbank deposits, deposits, Interbank market debt
and Institutional market debt – ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING estimates the fair values by discounting
the estimated cash flows and adopting the market interest rates.

c)   Financial assets held for trading, including Derivatives (assets and liabilities),
                                                                                    Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss, Available-for-sale financial assets, Held-to-maturity
                                                                                    financial assets and Financial liabilities held for trading – Under normal conditions, market prices are the
                                                                                    best indicators of the fair values of financial instruments. However, not all instruments have liquidity or quoted market prices and, in such
cases, the adoption of present value estimates and other pricing techniques are required. In the absence of quoted prices from
National Association of Financial Market Institutions (ANBIMA), the fair values of bonds are calculated based on the interest rates
provided by others on the market (brokers). The fair values of corporate debt securities are computed by adopting criteria similar
to those applied to interbank deposits, as described above. The fair values of shares are computed based on their prices quoted
in the market. The fair values of derivative financial instruments were determined as follows:

·   Swaps: The cash flows are discounted
to present value based on yield curves that reflect the appropriate risk factors. These yield curves may be drawn mainly
based on the exchange price of derivatives at BM&FBOVESPA, of Brazilian government securities in the secondary market or derivatives
and securities traded abroad. These yield curves may be used to obtain the fair value of currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
swaps based on other risk factors (commodities, stock exchange indices, etc.).

F- 115

·   Futures
and forwards: Quotations on exchanges or criteria identical to those applied to swaps.

·   Options: The fair values are determined based on mathematical models (such as Black&Scholes) that are fed with implicit
volatility data, interest rate yield curve and fair value of the underlying asset. Current market prices of options are used to
compute the implicit volatilities. All these data are obtained from different sources (usually Bloomberg).

·   Credit: Inversely related to the probability of default (PD) in a financial instrument subject to credit risk. The process
of adjusting the market price of these spreads is based on the differences between the yield curves with no risk and the yield
curves adjusted for credit risk.

d)   Loan operations and lease operations – Fair
value is estimated based on groups of loans with similar financial and risk characteristics, using valuation models. The
fair value of fixed-rate loans was determined by discounting estimated cash flows, applying current interest rates for similar
loans. For the majority of loans at floating rate, the carrying amount was considered close to their fair value. The fair value
of loan and lease operations not overdue was calculated by discounting the expected payments of principal and interest through
maturity, at the aforementioned rates. The fair value of overdue loan and lease transactions was based on the discount of estimated
cash flows, using a rate proportional to the risk associated with the estimated cash flows, or on the underlying collateral. The
assumptions related to cash flows and discount rates are determined using information available in the market and the borrower’s
specific information of the debtor.

e)   Deposits – The fair value of fixed-rate
loans with maturity dates was determined by discounting estimated cash flows, applying current interest rates for similar
funding operations. Cash deposits are not considered in the fair value estimate. The assumptions related to cash flows and discount
rates are determined based on information available in the market and information specific for each operation.

f)   Other financial assets / liabilities – primarily composed of receivables from
credit card issuers, deposits in guarantee for contingent liabilities and trading and intermediation of securities. The
carrying amounts for these assets/liabilities substantially approximate their fair values, since they principally represent amounts
to be received in the short term from credit card holders and to be paid to credit card acquirers, judicially required deposits
(indexed to market rates) made by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING as guarantees for lawsuits or very short-term receivables (generally
with a maturity of approximately 5 (five) business days). All of these items represent assets / liabilities without significant
associated market, credit and liquidity risks.

In accordance with IFRS, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING classifies fair value measurements in a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of inputs adopted
in the measurement process.

Level 1:
Observable inputs
that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active

markets. An active market is a market
in which transactions for the asset or liability being measured occur often enough and with sufficient volume to provide pricing
information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2:
Inputs other than
quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability either

directly or indirectly. Level 2
generally includes: (i) quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; (ii) quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, that is, markets in which there are few transactions for the asset
or liability, the prices are not current, or quoted prices vary substantially either over time or among market makers, or in which
little information is released publicly; (iii) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (for
example, interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals, volatilities, etc.); (iv) inputs that are mainly
derived from or corroborated by observable market data through correlation or by other means.

Level 3:
Inputs are unobservable
for the asset or liability. Unobservable information shall be used to measure

fair value to the extent that observable information
is not available, thus allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at
the measurement date.

F- 116

Financial assets for trading, Available for sale, and Designated
at fair value through profit or loss:

Level 1:
Highly-liquid securities with
prices available in an active market are classified in Level 1 of the fair

value hierarchy. This classification level includes
most of the Brazilian Government Securities, securities of foreign governments, shares and debentures traded on stock exchanges
and other securities traded in an active market.

Level 2:
When the pricing information
is not available for a specific security, the assessment is usually based on

prices quoted in the market for similar instruments,
pricing information obtained for pricing services, such as Bloomberg, Reuters and brokers (only when the prices represent actual
transactions) or discounted cash flows, which use information for assets actively traded in an active market. These securities
are classified into Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and are comprised of certain Brazilian government securities, debentures,
some government securities quoted in a less-liquid market in relation to those classified into Level 1, and some share prices in
investment funds. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not hold positions in alternative investment funds or private equity funds.

Level 3:
When no pricing information
in an active market, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses internally

developed models, from curves generated according to the
proprietary model. The Level 3 classification includes some Brazilian government and private securities falling due after 2025
and securities that are not usually traded in an active market.

Derivatives:

Level 1:
Derivatives traded on stock exchanges are classified
in Level 1 of the hierarchy.

Level 2:
For derivatives not traded
on stock exchanges, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING estimates the fair value by

adopting a variety of techniques, such as Black&Scholes,
Garman & Kohlhagen, Monte Carlo or even the discounted cash flow models usually adopted in the financial market. Derivatives
included in Level 2 are credit default swaps, cross currency swaps, interest rate swaps, plain vanilla options, certain forwards
and generally all swaps. All models adopted by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are widely accepted in the financial services industry
and reflect all derivative contractual terms. Considering that many of these models do not require a high level of subjectivity,
since the methodologies adopted in the models do not require major decisions and information for the model are readily observed
in the actively quotation markets, these products were classified in Level 2 of the measurement hierarchy.

Level 3:
The derivatives with fair values
based on non-observable information in an active market were

classified into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, and are
comprised of non-standard options, certain swaps indexed to non-observable information, and swaps with other products, such as
swap with option and USD Check, credit derivatives and futures of certain commodities. These operations have their pricing derived
from a range of volatility using the basis of historical volatility.

All aforementioned valuation methodologies
may result in a fair value that may not be indicative of the net realizable value or future fair values. However, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING believes that all methodologies used are appropriate and consistent with the other market participants. However, the adoption
of other methodologies or assumptions different than those used to estimate fair value may result in different fair value estimates
at the balance sheet date.

F- 117

Distribution by level

The following table presents the breakdown of risk levels
at 12/31/2016 and 12/31/2015 for financial assets held for trading and available-for-sale financial assets.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Level
    1   Level
    2   Level
    3   Total   Level
    1   Level
    2   Level
    3   Total
Financial
    assets held for trading   165,883   37,760   1,005   204,648   123,948   40,303   60   164,311
Investment funds   14   1,159   -   1,173   19   1,032   -   1,051
Brazilian government securities   157,369   2,654   1   160,024   114,007   3,043   3   117,053
Brazilian external debt bonds   5,325   -   -   5,325   4,431   -   -   4,431
Government
    securities – other countries   819   2,916   -   3,735   933   216   -   1,149
Argentina   651   -   -   651   696   -   -   696
Chile   -   127   -   127   -   36   -   36
Colombia   -   2,669   -   2,669   -   72   -   72
United States   78   -   -   78   132   -   -   132
Mexico   6   -   -   6   3   -   -   3
Paraguay   -   88   -   88   -   68   -   68
Uruguay   -   32   -   32   -   40   -   40
Other   84   -   -   84   102   -   -   102
Corporate
    securities   2,356   31,031   1,004   34,391   4,558   36,012   57   40,627
Shares   1,533   -   958   2,491   2,161   -   -   2,161
Bank deposit certificates   12   1,812   -   1,824   19   2,564   -   2,583
Debentures   216   2,949   25   3,190   2,333   2,141   48   4,522
Eurobonds and others   595   49   18   662   45   940   6   991
Financial credit bills   -   25,893   -   25,893   -   30,367   -   30,367
Other   -   328   3   331   -   -   3   3
Available-for-sale
    financial assets   34,840   43,903   9,534   88,277   32,439   49,347   4,259   86,045
Investment funds   -   42   -   42   6   98   114   218
Brazilian government securities   17,039   671   228   17,938   10,793   791   212   11,796
Brazilian external debt bonds   14,065   -   -   14,065   17,312   -   -   17,312
Government
    securities – other countries   1,536   12,850   86   14,472   2,152   7,702   29   9,883
Chile   -   5,758   86   5,844   -   1,378   29   1,407
Colombia   -   1,155   -   1,155   -   -   -   -
Korea   -   2,673   -   2,673   -   1,626   -   1,626
Denmark   -   819   -   819   -   2,548   -   2,548
Spain   -   923   -   923   -   1,060   -   1,060
United States   1,427   -   -   1,427   2,022   -   -   2,022
Netherlands   101   -   -   101   122   -   -   122
Paraguay   -   1,111   -   1,111   -   912   -   912
Uruguay   -   411   -   411   -   178   -   178
Other   8   -   -   8   8   -   -   8
Corporate
    securities   2,200   30,340   9,220   41,760   2,176   40,756   3,904   46,836
Shares   817   -   568   1,385   661   -   267   928
Rural Product Note   -   876   549   1,425   -   1,078   52   1,130
Bank deposit certificates   -   2,527   114   2,641   -   1,443   130   1,573
Securitized real estate loans   -   -   2,095   2,095   -   -   2,037   2,037
Debentures   277   16,007   4,886   21,170   410   21,581   844   22,835
Eurobonds and others   1,105   5,615   995   7,715   1,105   8,981   26   10,112
Financial credit bills   -   2,816   -   2,816   -   6,479   367   6,846
Promissory notes   1   2,172   -   2,173   -   937   54   991
Other   -   327   13   340   -   257   127   384
Financial
    assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   1,191   -   -   1,191   642   -   -   642
Brazilian government securities   1,191   -   -   1,191   506   -   -   506
Government securities – other countries   -   -   -   -   136   -   -   136
Financial
    liabilities held for trading   -   519   -   519   -   412   -   412
Structured notes   -   519   -   519   -   412   -   412

The following table presents the breakdown of risk levels
at 12/31/2016 and 12/31/2015 for our derivative assets and liabilities.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Level
    1   Level
    2   Level
    3   Total   Level
    1   Level
    2   Level 3   Total
Derivatives
    - assets   127   23,583   521   24,231   529   24,975   1,251   26,755
Futures   127   -   -   127   529   -   -   529
Swap – differential receivable   -   10,074   468   10,542   -   7,958   1,189   9,147
Options   -   4,745   47   4,792   -   5,550   33   5,583
Forwards (onshore)   -   4,971   -   4,971   -   3,166   -   3,166
Credit derivatives   -   181   -   181   -   614   -   614
Forwards (offshore)   -   3,459   -   3,459   -   3,430   -   3,430
Check of swap   -   88   -   88   -   355   -   355
Other derivatives   -   65   6   71   -   3,902   29   3,931
Derivatives
    - liabilities   -   (24,638   )   (60   )   (24,698   )   -   (31,038   )   (33   )   (31,071   )
Swap – differential payable   -   (13,165   )   (56   )   (13,221   )   -   (16,310   )   (21   )   (16,331   )
Options   -   (4,548   )   (4   )   (4,552   )   -   (5,771   )   (12   )   (5,783   )
Forwards (onshore)   -   (3,530   )   -   (3,530   )   -   (833   )   -   (833   )
Credit derivatives   -   (147   )   -   (147   )   -   (875   )   -   (875   )
Forwards (offshore)   -   (2,825   )   -   (2,825   )   -   (3,142   )   -   (3,142   )
Check of swap   -   (353   )   -   (353   )   -   (545   )   -   (545   )
Other derivatives   -   (70   )   -   (70   )   -   (3,562   )   -   (3,562   )

There were no significant transfer
between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period from December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Transfers to and from Level 3 are presented
in movements of Level 3.

F- 118

Measurement of fair value Level 2 based on pricing
services and brokers

When pricing information is not
available for securities classified as Level 2, pricing services, such as Bloomberg or brokers, are used to value such instruments.

In all cases, to assure that the
fair value of these instruments is properly classified as Level 2, internal analysis of the information received are conducted,
so as to understand the nature of the input used in the establishment of such values by the service provider.

Prices provided by pricing services
that meet the following requirements are considered Level 2: input is immediately available, regularly distributed, provided by
sources actively involved in significant markets and it is not proprietary.

Of the total of R$ 81,633 million
in financial instruments classified as Level 2, at December 31, 2016, pricing service or brokers were used to evaluate securities
at the fair value of R$ 40,388 million, substantially represented by:

·   Debentures: When available, we use price information for transactions recorded in the Brazilian Debenture System (SND), an electronic
platform operated by CETIP, which provides multiple services for transactions involving debentures in the secondary market. Alternatively,
prices of debentures provided by ANBIMA are used. Its methodology includes obtaining, on a daily basis, illustration and non-binding
prices from a group of market players deemed to be significant. Such information is subject to statistical filters established
in the methodology, with the purpose of eliminating outliers.

·   Global and corporate securities: The
pricing process for these securities consists in capturing from 2 to 8 quotes from Bloomberg, depending on the asset. The
methodology consists in comparing the highest purchase prices and the lowest sale prices of trades provided by Bloomberg for the
last day of the month. Such prices are compared with information from purchase orders that the Institutional Treasury of ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING provides for Bloomberg. Should the difference between them be lower than 0.5%, the average price of Bloomberg
is used. Should it be higher than 0.5% or if the Institutional Treasury does not provide information on this specific security,
the average price gathered directly from other banks is used. The price of the Institutional Treasury is used as a reference only
and never in the computation of the final price.

Level 3 recurring fair value measurements

The departments in charge of defining
and applying the pricing models are segregated from the business areas. The models are documented, submitted to validation by an
independent area and approved by a specific committee. The daily process of price capture, calculation and disclosure are periodically
checked according to formally defined testing and criteria and the information is stored in a single and corporate history data
base.

The most recurring cases of assets
classified as Level 3 are justified by the discount factors used. Factors such as the fixed interest curve in Brazilian Reais and
the TR coupon curve – and, as a result, its related factors – have inputs with terms shorter than the maturities of
these fixed-income assets. For swaps, the analysis is carried out by index for both parties. There are some cases in which the
inputs periods are shorter than the maturity of the derivative.

F- 119

Level 3 recurring fair value changes

The tables below show the changes in balance
sheet for financial instruments classified by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Derivative
financial instruments classified in Level 3 mainly correspond to other derivatives linked to shares.

Fair value at 12/31/2015   Total gains or losses
    (realized / unrealized)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfers in and /
    or out of Level 3   Fair value at 12/31/2016   Total gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities still held at 12/31/2016
Financial assets held for trading   60   (151   )   87   (344   )   1,353   1,005   (154   )
Brazilian government securities   3   -   -   (2   )   -   1   -
Corporate securities   57   (151   )   87   (342   )   1,353   1,004   (154   )
Shares   -   (114   )   -   -   1,072   958   (152   )
Debentures   48   (37   )   33   (306   )   287   25   (2   )
Eurobonds and others   6   -   54   (36   )   (6   )   18   -
Other   3   -   -   -   -   3   -
Available-for-sale financial
    assets   4,259   (677   )   4,626   (4,380   )   5,706   9,534   (685   )
Investment funds   114   313   -   (427   )   -   -   -
Brazilian government securities   212   (208   )   -   220   4   228   11
Government securities –
    abroad - Chile   29   (44   )   321   (220   )   -   86   -
Corporate securities   3,904   (738   )   4,305   (3,953   )   5,702   9,220   (696   )
Shares   267   119   -   (227   )   409   568   76
Rural Product Note   52   (54   )   1,205   (851   )   197   549   (57   )
Bank deposit certificates   130   2   483   (501   )   -   114   -
Securitized real estate loans   2,037   58   11   (10   )   (1   )   2,095   (55   )
Debentures   844   (739   )   2,111   (994   )   3,664   4,886   (653   )
Eurobonds and others   26   (130   )   446   (837   )   1,490   995   (7   )
Financial credit bills   367   14   -   (301   )   (80   )   -   -
Promissory notes   54   -   -   (54   )   -   -   -
Other   127   (8   )   49   (178   )   23   13   -

Fair value at 12/31/2015   Total gains or losses
    (realized / unrealized)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfers in and /
    or out of Level 3   Fair value at 12/31/2016   Total gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities still held at 12/31/2016
Derivatives
    - assets   1,251   (713   )   254   (728   )   457   521   (7   )
Swap – differential receivable   1,189   (731   )   8   (455   )   457   468   21
Options   33   36   246   (268   )   -   47   (28   )
Other derivatives   29   (18   )   -   (5   )   -   6   -
Derivatives - liabilities   (33   )   18   (35   )   96   (106   )   (60   )   (2   )
Swap – differential payable   (21   )   9   (5   )   67   (106   )   (56   )   (8   )
Options   (12   )   9   (30   )   29   -   (4   )   6

Fair value at 12/31/2014   Total gains or losses
    (realized / unrealized)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfers in and /
    or out of Level 3   Fair value at 12/31/2015   Total gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities still held at 12/31/2015
Financial assets
    held for trading   790   33   102   (865   )   -   60   -
Brazilian government securities   -   4   -   (1   )   -   3   -
Corporate securities   790   29   102   (864   )   -   57   -
Securitized real estate loans   1   -   -   (1   )   -   -   -
Debêntures   210   (13   )   66   (215   )   -   48   -
Promissory notes   577   54   -   (631   )   -   -   -
Eurobonds and others   2   (6   )   27   (17   )   -   6   -
Other   -   (6   )   9   -   -   3
Available-for-sale financial
    assets   5,404   (1,241   )   4,453   (4,624   )   267   4,259   (451   )
Investment funds   -   (1,128   )   1,242   -   -   114   -
Brazilian government securities   249   (116   )   85   (6   )   -   212   (22   )
Government securities –
    abroad - Chile   13   (1   )   101   (84   )   -   29   -
Corporate securities   5,142   4   3,025   (4,534   )   267   3,904   (429   )
Shares   -   -   -   -   267   267   -
Rural Product Note   51   1   9   (9   )   -   52   -
Bank deposit certificates   58   7   201   (136   )   -   130   -
Securitized real estate loans   2,522   (142   )   68   (411   )   -   2,037   (207   )
Debêntures   706   (12   )   915   (765   )   -   844   (222   )
Eurobonds and others   53   (8   )   94   (113   )   -   26   2
Financial credit bills   270   48   49   -   -   367   (2   )
Promissory notes   1,397   72   1,574   (2,989   )   -   54   -
Other   85   38   115   (111   )   -   127   -

Fair value at 12/31/2014   Total gains or losses
    (realized / unrealized)   Purchases   Settlements   Transfers in and /
    or out of Level 3   Fair value at 12/31/2015   Total gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities still held at 12/31/2015
Derivatives
    - Assets   121   369   316   (219   )   664   1,251   31
Swaps - differential receivable   33   318   192   (18   )   664   1,189   -
Options   16   (29   )   124   (78   )   -   33   (10   )
Other derivatives   72   80   -   (123   )   -   29   41
Derivatives - Liabilities   (44   )   (40   )   (95   )   148   (2   )   (33   )   -
Swaps - differential payable   (38   )   (38   )   (11   )   68   (2   )   (21   )   -
Options   (6   )   (2   )   (84   )   80   -   (12   )   -

F- 120

Sensitivity analyses operations of Level 3

The fair value of financial instruments classified
in Level 3 (in which prices negotiated are not easily noticeable in active markets) is measured through assessment techniques
based on correlations and associated products traded in active markets, internal estimates and internal models.

Significant unverifiable inputs used for measurement
of the fair value of instruments classified in Level 3 are: interest rates, underlying asset prices and volatility. Significant
variations in any of these inputs separately may give rise to significant changes in the fair value.

The table below shows the sensitivity of these
fair values in scenarios of changes of interest rates, asset prices, or in scenarios vary in prices with shocks and the volatility
for non-linear assets:

Sensitivity – Level 3 Operations   12/31/2016
Impact
Risk factor groups   Scenarios   Result   Stockholders' equity
I   (2.3   )   (1.8   )
Interest rates   II   (57.6   )   (44.2   )
III   (115.2   )   (87.9   )
Currency, commodities, and ratios   I   (76.3   )   -
II   (152.6   )   -
Nonlinear   I   (13.5   )   -
II   (19.8   )   -

The following scenarios are used to measure the sensitivity:

Interest rate

Shocks at 1, 25 and 50 basis points (scenarios
I, II and III respectively) in the interest curves, both for increase and decrease, considering the largest losses resulting in
each scenario.

Currencies, commodities and ratios

Shocks at 5 and 10 percentage points (scenarios
I and II respectively) in prices of currencies, commodities and ratios, both for increase and decrease, considering the largest
losses resulting in each scenario.

Non linear

Scenario I:
Shocks at 5 percentage
points in prices and 25 percentage points the level in volatility, both for

increase and decrease, considering the largest
losses resulting in each scenario.

Scenario II:
Shocks at 10 percentage
points in prices and 25 percentage points the level in volatility, both for

increase and decrease, considering the largest
losses resulting in each scenario.

F- 121

Note 32 – Provisions, contingencies and other
commitments

Provision   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Civil   5,172   5,227
Labor   7,232   6,132
Tax and social security   8,246   7,500
Other   259   135
Total   20,909   18,994
Current   4,434   3,848
Non-current   16,475   15,146

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, as a result of the ordinary
course of its business, may be a party to legal lawsuits of labor, civil and tax nature. The contingencies related to these lawsuits
are classified as follows:

a)   Contingent assets: there
                                         are no contingent assets recorded.

b)   Provisions and contingencies: The criteria to quantify contingencies are adequate in relation to the specific characteristics of civil, labor and tax lawsuits portfolios, as well as other risks,
                                         taking into consideration the opinion of its legal advisors, the nature of the lawsuits,
                                         the similarity with previous lawsuits and the prevailing previous court decisions.

-   Civil lawsuits

In general, contingencies arise
from claims related to the revision of contracts and compensation for damages and pain and suffering and the lawsuits are classified
as follows:

Collective lawsuits
(related
to claims of a similar nature and with individual amounts that are not considered

significant): contingencies are determined
on a monthly basis and the expected amount of losses is accrued according to statistical references that take into account the
nature of the lawsuit and the characteristics of the court (Small Claims Court or Regular Court). Contingencies and provisions
are adjusted to reflect the amounts deposited as guarantee for their execution when realized.

Individual lawsuits
(related
to claims with unusual characteristics or involving significant amounts): These

are periodically calculated based on the
calculation of the amount claimed. Probability of loss, which is estimated based on the characteristics of the lawsuit. The amounts
considered as probable losses are recorded as provisions.

It should be mentioned that ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING is a party to specific lawsuits related to the collection of understated inflation adjustments to savings accounts
resulting from economic plans implemented in the 80’s and 90’s as a measure to combat inflation.

Although ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING complied with the rules in effect at the time, the company is a defendant in lawsuits filed by individuals that address
this topic, as well as in class actions filed by: (i) consumer protection associations; and (ii) the Public Prosecution Office
on behalf of savings account holders. With respect to these lawsuits, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING records provisions when it
is served and when the individuals apply to enforce the decision rendered by the Judicial Branch, using the same criteria adopted
to determine provisions for individual lawsuits.

The Federal Supreme Court (STF)
has issued some decisions favorable to savings account holders, but it has not established its understanding with respect to the
constitutionality of the economic plans and their applicability to savings accounts. Currently, the appeals involving these matters
are suspended, as determined by the STF, until it pronounces a final decision.

No amount is recorded as a provision
in relation to Civil lawsuits which likelihood of loss is considered possible, which total estimated risk is R$ 3,388 (R$ 2,460
at 12/31/2015), in this amount there are no values resulting from interests in joint ventures.

F- 122

-   Labor claims

Contingencies arise from lawsuits
in which labor rights provided for in labor legislation specific to the related profession are discussed, such as: overtime, salary
equalization, reinstatement, transfer allowance, pension plan supplement, among others, are discussed. These lawsuits are classified
as follows:

Collective lawsuits
(related
to claims considered similar and with individual amounts that are not

considered relevant): The expected amount of loss
is determined and accrued on a monthly basis in accordance with a statistical share pricing model and is reassessed taking into
account the court rulings. These contingencies are adjusted to the amounts deposited as guarantee for their execution when realized.

Individual lawsuits
(related
to claims with unusual characteristics or involving significant amounts): These

are periodically calculated based on the
calculation of the amount claimed. Probability of loss which, in turn, is estimated in accordance with the actual and legal characteristics
related to that lawsuit.

No amount is recorded as a provision
for labor claims for which the likelihood of loss is considered possible, and for which the total estimated risk is R$ 79 (R$
829 of 12/31/2015).

-   Other risks

These are quantified and recorded
as provisions mainly based on the evaluation of agribusiness credit transactions with joint obligation and FCVS (Salary Variations
Compensation Fund) credits transferred to Banco Nacional.

F- 123

The table below shows the changes in the balances of
provisions for civil, labor and other provision and the respective escrow deposit balances:

01/01 to 12/31/2016
Civil   Labor   Other   Total
Opening balance   5,227   6,132   135   11,494
Balance arising from Corpbanca acquisition (Note 3)   2   5   133   140
(-) Contingencies guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.t)   (236   )   (1,089   )   -   (1,325   )
Subtotal   4,993   5,048   268   10,309
Interest (Note 26)   248   625   -   873
Changes in the period reflected in results (Note 26)   1,241   2,946   (9   )   4,178
Increase (*)   1,901   3,149   (7   )   5,043
Reversal   (660   )   (203   )   (2   )   (865   )
Payment   (1,566   )   (2,453   )   -   (4,019   )
Subtotal   4,916   6,166   259   11,341
(+) Contingencies guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.t)   256   1,066   -   1,322
Closing balance   5,172   7,232   259   12,663
Escrow deposits at 12/31/2016 (Note 20a)   1,541   2,337   -   3,878
(*) Civil provisions include the provision for economic plans amounting to R$ 408.

01/01 to 12/31/2015
Civil   Labor   Other   Total
Opening balance   4,643   5,598   159   10,400
(-) Contingencies guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.t)   (132   )   (1,029   )   -   (1,161   )
Subtotal   4,511   4,569   159   9,239
Interest (Note 26)   322   548   -   870
Changes in the period reflected in results (Note 26)   1,747   1,637   (24   )   3,360
Increase (*)   2,698   1,795   (21   )   4,472
Reversal   (951   )   (158   )   (3   )   (1,112   )
Payment   (1,589   )   (1,711   )   -   (3,300   )
Subtotal   4,991   5,043   135   10,169
(+) Contingencies guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.t)   236   1,089   -   1,325
Closing balance   5,227   6,132   135   11,494
Escrow deposits at 12/31/2015 (Note 20a)   1,741   2,218   -   3,959
(*) Civil provisions include the provision for economic plans amounting to R$ 233.

01/01 to 12/31/2014
Civil   Labor   Other   Total
Opening balance   4,473   5,192   223   9,888
(-) Contingencies guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.t)   (134   )   (811   )   -   (945   )
Subtotal   4,339   4,381   223   8,943
Interest (Note 26)   184   320   -   504
Changes in the period reflected in results (Note 26)   1,524   1,123   (64   )   2,583
Increase (*)   2,100   1,459   23   3,582
Reversal   (576   )   (336   )   (87   )   (999   )
Payment   (1,536   )   (1,255   )   -   (2,791   )
Subtotal   4,511   4,569   159   9,239
(+) Contingencies guaranteed by indemnity clause (Note 2.4.t)   132   1,029   -   1,161
Closing balance   4,643   5,598   159   10,400
Escrow deposits at 12/31/2014 (Note 20a)   2,073   2,567   -   4,640

(*)

Civil provisions include the provision for economic plans amounting to R$ 210.

-   Tax and social security lawsuits

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING classify
as legal liability the lawsuits filed to discuss the legality and unconstitutionality of the legislation in force, which are the
subject matter of a provision, regardless of the probability of loss.

Tax contingencies correspond to
the principal amount of taxes involved in tax, administrative or judicial challenges, subject to tax assessment notices, plus
interest and, when applicable, fines and charges. A provision is recognized whenever the likelihood of loss is probable.

F- 124

The table below shows the changes in the balances of provisions
and respective balance of escrow deposits for tax and social security lawsuits:

Provision   01/01 to 12/31/2016   01/01 to 12/31/2015   01/01 to 12/31/2014
Opening balance   7,500   6,627   8,974
(-) Contingencies guaranteed by indemnity clause   (65   )   (61   )   (57   )
Subtotal   7,435   6,566   8,917
Interest (*)   737   609   515
Changes in the period reflected in results   68   588   797
Increase (*)   287   1,170   1,156
Reversal (*)   (219   )   (582   )   (359   )
Payment   (63   )   (328   )   (3,663   )
Subtotal   8,177   7,435   6,566
(+) Contingencies guaranteed by indemnity clause   69   65   61
Closing balance   8,246   7,500   6,627

(*) The amounts are included in the headings Tax Expenses,
General and Administrative Expenses and Current Income Tax and Social Contribution.

Escrow deposits   01/01 to 12/31/2016   01/01 to 12/31/2015   01/01 to 12/31/2014
Opening balance   4,339   4,736   5,658
Appropriation of interest   383   285   377
Changes in the period   125   (682   )   (1,299   )
Deposits made   217   355   193
Withdrawals   (66   )   (944   )   (5   )
Deposits released   (26   )   (93   )   (1,487   )
Closing balance (Note 20a)   4,847   4,339   4,736

F- 125

Main discussions related to the provisions recognized
for Tax and Social Securities Lawsuits are described as follows:

·   CSLL
                                         – Isonomy – R$ 1,207: the company is discussing the lack of constitutional
                                         support for the increase, establishes by law nº 11,727/08, of the CSLL rate for
                                         financial and insurance companies from 9% to 15%. The balance of the deposit in court
                                         totals R$ 1,191;

·   INSS
                                         – Accident Prevention Factor (FAP) – R$ 1,004: the company is discussing
                                         the legality of FAP and inconsistent calculations made by the INSS. The balance of the
                                         deposit in court totals R$ 110;

·   PIS
                                         and COFINS – Calculation basis – R$ 650: the company is defending the levy
                                         of PIS and COFINS on revenue, which should be understood as revenue from the sales of
                                         assets and services. The balance of the deposit in court totals R$ 571;

·   IRPJ
                                         and CSLL – Profits abroad– R$ 599: the company is discussing the calculation
                                         bases with respect to profits earned abroad and defending the inapplicability of the
                                         SRF Regulatory Instruction No. 213/02, which exceeds the corresponding legal provision.
                                         The balance of the deposit in court totals R$ 229.

Off-balance sheet contingencies

The amounts involved in tax and
social security lawsuits for which the likelihood of loss is possible are not recognized in a provision. The estimated amounts
at risk in the main tax and social security lawsuits with a likelihood of loss deemed possible, which total R$ 18,106, are described
below:

·   INSS
                                         – Non-compensatory amounts – R$ 4,770: the company defends the non-levy of
                                         this contribution on these amounts, among which are profit sharing, stock options, transportation
                                         vouchers and sole bonuses;

·   IRPJ
                                         and CSLL – Goodwill – Deduction – R$ 3,122: the deductibility of goodwill
                                         with future expected profitability on the acquisition of investments, and R$ 665 of this
                                         amount is guaranteed in purchase agreements;

·   IRPJ,
                                         CSLL, PIS and COFINS – Requests for offsetting dismissed - R$ 1,613: cases in which
                                         the liquidity and the ability of offset credits are discussed;

·   IRPJ
                                         and CSLL – Interest on capital – R$ 1,406: the company is defending the deductibility
                                         of interest on capital declared to stockholders based on the Brazilian long term interest
                                         rate (TJLP) on the stockholders’ equity for the year and for prior years;

·   ISS
                                         – Banking Institutions – R$ 930: these are banking operations, revenue from
                                         which may not be interpreted as prices for services rendered, and/or which arises from
                                         activities not listed under Supplementary Law No. 116/03 or Decree Law No. 406/68.

·   IRPJ
                                         and CSLL – Disallowance of Tax Losses – R$ 606: Discussion on the amount
                                         of tax loss carryforwards, which may reduce the calculation basis of such taxes.

·   IRPJ/
                                         CSLL – Deductibility of Losses in Credit Operations – R$ 601 – Assessments
                                         drawn up to require the payment of IRPJ and CSLL due to the alleged non-observance of
                                         the legal criteria for the deduction of losses upon the receipt of credits.

c)   Receivables - Reimbursement
                                         of contingencies

The Receivables balance arising
from reimbursements of contingencies totals R$ 1,128 (R$ 1,093 at 12/31/2015) (Note 20a). This value is derived from basically
the guarantee in the privatization process of the Banco Banerj S.A. which occurred 1997, where the State of Rio de Janeiro created
a fund to guarantee civil, labor and tax contingencies.

F- 126

d)   Assets pledged as collateral
                                         for contingencies

Assets pledged as collateral for
lawsuits involving contingent liabilities are restricted or deposited as shown below:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Financial  assets  held  for  trading  and  Available-for-sale  financial  assets
(basically financial treasury bills)   950   793
Escrow deposits (Note 20a)   4,537   4,335

Deposits related to lawsuits must
be made in court and can be withdrawn by the winning party in the lawsuit, with the respective additions provided for by law,
according to the court decision.

In general, the provisions related
to the lawsuits of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are long term, considering the time required for the termination of these lawsuits
in the Brazilian judicial system. For this reason, no estimate of the specific year in which these lawsuits will be terminated
has been disclosed.

According to the opinion of its
legal advisors, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING CONSOLIDATED is not involved in any other administrative or judicial proceedings
that may significantly impact the results of their operations.

e) Programs for Cash or Installment Payment of Municipal
Taxes

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING adhere
to PPIs – Installment Payment Incentive Programs substantially related to the local level, established the following by
laws: Law No. 5,854, of April 27, 2015 - Rio de Janeiro; Law No. 8,927, of October 22, 2015 and Decree-Law No. 26,624, of October
26, 2015 - Salvador; Law No. 18,181, of November 30, 2015 and Decree Law No. 29,275, of November 30, 2015 - Recife; Supplementary
Law No. 95, of October 19, 2015 - Curitiba; Law No. 3,546, of December 18, 2015 – Salto; Law No. 12,457, of October 03,2016
– Londrina.

The PPIs promote the regularization
of debts mentioned in these laws, arising from tax and non-tax credits, either recognized or not, including those that are part
of the Enforceable Debt, either filed or to be filed in court.

The net effect of the PPIs in result was R$ 14, and
it is recorded in Other Operating Income.

F- 127

Note 33 – Regulatory capital

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is subject to
regulation by the Central Bank of Brazil (BACEN), which issues rules and instructions regarding currency and credit policies for
financial institutions operating in Brazil. BACEN also determines minimum capital requirements, procedures for verification of
information for assessment of the global systemic importance of financial institutions, limits for fixed assets, limits for loans,
accounting practices and requirements of compulsory deposits, requiring banks to comply with the regulation based on the Basel
Accord on capital adequacy. Additionally, the National Council of Private Insurance (CNSP) and SUSEP issue regulations on capital
requirement, which affect our insurance, pension plan and capitalization operations.

a) Capital Requirements in Place and In Progress

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s minimum
capital requirements comply with the set of BACEN resolutions and circulars which established in Brazil the global capital requirement
standards known as Basel III. These are expressed as indices obtained from the ratio between capital - represented by the Referential
Equity (PR), or Total Capital, composed by the Tier I Capital (which comprises the Common Equity and Additional Tier I Capital)
and Tier II Capital, and the risk-weighted assets (RWA).

The Total Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Common
Equity Tier I Capital ratios are calculated on a consolidated basis, applied to entities that are part of Prudential Conglomerate,
which comprises not only financial institutions but also collective financing plans (“consórcios”), payment
entities, factoring companies or companies that directly or indirectly assume credit risk, and investment funds in which ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING retains substantially all risks and rewards.

For purposes of calculating these minimum
capital requirements, the total RWA is determined as the sum of the risk weighted asset amounts for credit, market, and operational
risks. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses the standardized approaches to calculate credit and operational risk-weighted asset amounts.

From September 1, 2016, BACEN authorized ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING to use internal market risk models to determine the total amount of regulatory capital, using for its daily calculation
the portion of RWA
mint
, replacing the portion RWA
mpad
,
as set out in BACEN Circular 3,646.

For units which are not considered significant
in calculating regulatory capital for market risk, the standardized approach is used. Therefore, the internal models are not used
for Argentina, Chile, Itaú BBA
International
, Itaú BBA Colombia, Paraguay, and Uruguay units.

From January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016,
the minimum Total Capital ratio required is 9.875%. The required minimum Total Capital ratio between October 1, 2013 and December
31, 2015 was 11%, reducing gradually to 8% on January 1, 2019.

In addition to the minimum regulatory capital
requirements, BACEN rules calls for Additional Common Equity Tier I Capital (ACP), corresponding to the sum of the components
ACP
Conservation
, ACP
Countercyclical
 and ACP
Systemic
,
which, in conjunction with the requirements mentioned, increase capital requirements over time. Under CMN Resolution 4,193, the
value of each of the components ACP
Conservation
 and ACP
Countercyclical

will increase gradually from 0.625%, as from January 1, 2016, to 2.5%, as from January 1, 2019. However, component ACP
Countercyclical

is triggered during the phase of expansion of the credit cycle and, in accordance with BACEN Circular 3,769, the value
currently required for component ACP
Countercyclical
 is equal to zero. Also, if this component
increases, the new percentage rate will take effect only twelve months after the announcement. In the case of component ACP
Systemic
,
under BACEN Circular 3,768, the current requirement applicable to ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is 0%, increasing gradually from
0.25%, as from January 2017, to 1%, as from January 1, 2019.

The Basel III regulatory reform also redefined
the requirements for the qualification of instruments eligible for Tier I or Tier II Capital, as regulated by CMN Resolution 4,192,
including a gradual reduction calendar for instruments already considered in the capital, issued prior to the effective date of
the standard, which do not fully meet the new requirements.

The table below shows Basel III implementation
calendar for Brazil, as defined by BACEN, in which the figures refer to the percentage of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s
risk-weighted assets.

F- 128

From January 1,
Basel III Implentation Calendar   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
Common Equity Tier I
Tier I   6.0   %   6.0   %   6.0   %   6.0   %   6.0   %
Total Capital   11   %   9.875   %   9.25   %   8.625   %   8.0   %
Additional Common Equity Tier I (ACP)   0.0   %   0.625   %   1.50   %   2.375   %   3.5   %
Conservation   0   %   0.625   %   1.25   %   1.875   %   2.5   %
Countercyclical(1)   0   %   0   %   0   %   0   %   0   %
Systemic   0   %   0   %   0.25   %   0.5   %   1.0   %
Common Equity Tier I + ACP   4.5   %   5.125   %   6.0   %   6.875   %   8.0   %
Total Capital + ACP   11.0   %   10.5   %   10.75   %   11.0   %   11.5   %
Prudential Adjustments Deductions   40   %   60   %   80   %   100   %   100   %

(1) According to BACEN Circular 3,769, the current requirement
for component ACP
countercyclical
 is equal to zero.

Additionally, in March 2015, Circular
BACEN 3,751 came into force, It provides for the calculation of the relevant indicators for assessing the Global Systemically
Important Banks (G-SIBs) of financial institutions in Brazil. Information on the values of the G-SIBs indicators, which are
not part of its financial statements, can be found at
 www.itau.com.br/investor-relations
, “Corporate
Governance” section, “Global Systemically Important Banks”.

The Leverage Ratio is defined as the ratio
between the Tier I Capital and Total Exposure, calculated as prescribed by BACEN Circular 3,748. The objective of this ratio is
to be a simple, risk-insensitive leverage measure. Therefore, it does not take into consideration risk-weighting or mitigation
factors. In line with the instructions set out in BACEN Circular 3,706, since October 2015, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has reported
its Leverage Ratio to BACEN on a monthly basis. However, according to recommendations in Basel III Accord, a minimum Leverage
Ratio should be required in 2018, which will be defined based on the period over which the ratio’s behavior was monitored,
since its implementation in 2011 up to 2017.

More information on the composition of
the Leverage Ratio, which are not part of its financial statements, is available at
www.itau.com.br/investors-relations
,
“Governança Corporate Governance section/Risk and Capital Management – Pillar 3.

b) Capital Management

The Board of Directors is the main body in
the management of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s capital and it is responsible for approving the institutional capital management
policy and guidelines regarding the institution’s capitalization level. The Board is also responsible for fully approving
the ICAAP report, a process which is intended to assess the adequacy of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s capital by identifying
material risks; defining the need for additional capital for such risks and the internal capital quantification methodologies;
preparing a capital plan, both for normal and stress situations; and structuring a capital contingency plan.

At the executive level, corporate bodies are
responsible for approving risk assessment and capital calculation methodologies, as well as revising, monitoring and recommending
capital-related documents and topics to the Board of Directors. To support the governance of its management bodies, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING has a dedicated capital management structure, which coordinates and consolidates information and related processes,
all of which subject to verification by independent validation, internal control and audit areas.

In order to provide Executives and the Board
of Directors with necessary information to support the decision-making process, management reportS are prepared and presented
at corporate bodies, keeping them informed of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING as well as of projections of future capital levels
under normal and stress situations.

The “Public Access Report – Capital
Management“, which are not part of its financial statements, which provides the guidelines established in the institutional
capital management policy can be accessed at www.itau.com.br/investor-relations, under Corporate Governance, Regulations and Policies.

c) Risk appetite

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s risk
appetite is a set of guidelines and limits defining acceptable levels of risk for ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, aligned with the
institution’s strategy. Divided into four dimensions consisting of a set of metrics of the key risks involved, risk appetite
combines complementary forms of risk measurement, in order to give a comprehensive overview of the institution’s exposure.

The capitalization dimension reflects the
level of protection of the bank against significant losses. This dimension establishes the minimum capitalization guidelines of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING in relation to its

F- 129

risks, according to which management uses ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s
capital in accordance with acceptable leverage levels and funding costs.

The liquidity dimension reflects the level
of protection against a long period of funding stress, which could lead to a lack of liquidity. This dimension establishes the
guidelines regarding the minimum liquidity levels, acceptable levels of mismatch of terms and funding structure.

The business composition dimension, in turn,
seeks to ensure, by means of concentration limits, proper portfolio composition, aiming at low volatility and sustainability of
the businesses.

Whereas, the franchise dimension addresses
risks that may impact the value of the brand and reputation of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING with stakeholders.

The Board of Directors holds the highest approval
authority for risk appetite guidelines and limits, carrying out its responsibilities with the support of its Risk and Capital
Management Committee, which submits reports and recommendations on the issue for the Board’s approval. The acceptable risk
levels should be in line with the risk appetite limits approved by the Board of Directors.

Executive and operational functions are the
responsibility of the Executive Board and the risk commissions, whose members include the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and the CEO
of the institution. In addition to regularly monitoring and supervising the metrics, the risk commissions are also responsible
for implementing the risk appetite framework. Also, the Audit Committee monitors the evolution of the risk appetite and helps
in its management.

d) Composição do Capital

The Referential Equity (PR) used to monitor compliance
with the operational limits imposed by BACEN is the sum of three items, namely:

-   Common Equity Tier I: the sum of
                                         capital, reserves and retained earnings, less deductions and prudential adjustments.

-   Additional Tier I Capital: consists
                                         of instruments of a perpetual nature, which meet eligibility requirements. Together with
                                         Common Equity

Tier I it makes up Tier I.

- Tier II: consists of subordinated debt instruments with
defined maturity dates that meet eligibility requirements. Together with Common Equity Tier I and Additional Tier I Capital, makes
up Total Capital.

The table below presents the composition of the referential
equity segregated into Common Equity Tier I, Additional Tier I Capital and Tier II Capital, taking into consideration their respective
prudential adjustments, as required by current regulations.

Composition of Referential Equity   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Stockholders’ equity Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. (Consolidated)   115,590   106,462
Non-controlling Interests   11,568   916
Changes in Subsidiaries´ Interests in Capital Transactions   2,777   3,683
Consolidated Stockholders’ Equity (BACEN)   129,935   111,061
Common Equity Tier I Prudential Adjustments   (14,527   )   (10,107   )
Common Equity Tier I   115,408   100,955
Additional Tier I Prudential Adjustments   532   46
Additional Tier I Capital   532   46
Tier I (Common Equity Tier I + Additional Tier I Capital)   115,940   101,001
Instruments Eligible to Comprise Tier II   23,488   27,403
Tier II Prudential Adjustments   49   61
Tier II   23,537   27,464
Referential Equity (Tier I + Tier II)   139,477   128,465

F- 130

The table below shows the most significant Prudential Adjustments
for ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. Together, they correspond to more than 90% of the prudential adjustments as at December 31,
2016.

Composition of Prudential Adjustments   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Goodwill paid on the acquisition of investments   7,408   2,926
Intangible assets   3,254   1,078
Tax credits   3,678   2,389
Surplus of Common Equity Tier I Capital - Noncontrolling interests   909   152
Adjustments relating to the fair value of derivatives used as cash flow
hedge,  for  hedged  items  that  do  not  have  their  mark-to-market   (1,254   )   -
adjustments accounted for
Other   532   3,562
Total   14,527   10,107

During 2016, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
bought back shares in the amount of R$ 947. These shares are recorded in line item “Treasury Shares”, which totaled
R$ (1,882) as at December 31, 2016. Treasury shares reduce the institution´s Equity, causing its capital base to be decreased.

In this period, the amount of dividends and
interest on capital paid / accrued that affected the base of the institution’s capital totaled R$ 9,221. Dividends are deducted
from the institution´s Equity, thus reducing the base of its capital. Whereas, interest on capital, which is accounted for
as an expense directly in profit (loss), reduces the institution´s net income and, consequently, the base of its capital.

For details on capital requirements, which
are not part of its financial statements, are available at
 www.itau.com.br/investors-relations
, Corporate Governance section
/ Risk and Capital Management – Pillar 3.

F- 131

The funds obtained through the issuance
of subordinated debt securities are considered Tier II capital for the purpose of capital to risk-weighted assets ratio, as follows.
According to current legislation, the accounting balance of subordinated debt as of December 2012 was used for the calculation
of reference equity as of December 2016, considering instruments approved after the closing date to compose Tier II, totaling
R$ 51,134.

Name of security / currency   Principal amount (original currency)   Issue   Maturity   Return p.a.   Saldo Contábil 12/31/2016
Subordinated CDB - BRL
367   2010   2017   IPCA + 7,21% to 7,33%   929
367   Total   929
Subordinated financial bills - BRL
206   2010   2017   IPCA + 6,95% to 7,2%   337
3,224   2011   2017   108% to 112% of CDI   3,565
3,650   100% of CDI + 1,29% to 1,52%   3,802
352   IPCA + 6,15% to 7,8%   647
138   IGPM + 6,55% to 7,6%   276
500   2012   2017   100% of CDI + 1,12%   506
42   2011   2018   IGPM + 7%   65
30   IPCA + 7,53% to 7,7%   48
6,373   2012   2018   108% to 113% of CDI   7,250
461   IPCA + 4,4% to 6,58%   760
3,782   100% of CDI + 1,01% to 1,32%   3,904
112   9,95% to 11,95%   174
2   2011   2019   109% to 109,7% of CDI   4
1   2012   2019   110% of CDI   2
12   11.96%   21
101   IPCA + 4,7% to 6,3%   163
1   2012   2020   111% of CDI   2
20   IPCA + 6% to 6,17%   37
6   2011   2021   109,25% to 110,5% of CDI   11
2,307   2012   2022   IPCA + 5,15% to 5,83%   3,885
20   IGPM + 4,63%   27
21,340   Total   25,486
Subordinated euronotes - USD
990   2010   2020   6.20%   3,264
1,000   2010   2021   5.75%   3,352
730   2011   2021   5,75% to 6,20%   2,396
550   2012   2021   6.20%   1,793
2,600   2012   2022   5,50% to 5,65%   8,580
1,851   2012   2023   5.13%   6,075
7,721   Total   25,460
Total   51,875

(*) Subordinated CDBs may be redeemed from November
2011.

F- 132

e) Risk-weighted Assets (RWA)

According to CMN Resolution 4,193, and subsequent amendments,
for assessing the minimum capital requirements, the RWA must be calculated by adding the following portions:

RWA = RWA
CPAD
 + RWA
MINT

+ RWA
OPAD

RWA
CPAD
 = portion related to exposures to credit risk
calculated using standardized approach;

RWA
MINT

= portion related to the market risk capital requirement, using internal approach, according to BACEN Circular 3,646;

RWA
OPAD

= portion related to the operational risk capital requirement, calculated using standardized approach.

The table below shows the
amounts of risk weighted assets for Credit Risk (RWA
CPAD
):

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Risk exposures
Exposure Weighted by Credit Risk (RWA CPAD )   669,284   679,593
a) Per Weighting Factor (FPR):
FPR at 2%   105   179
FPR at 20%   8,011   7,000
FPR at 35%   12,056   11,695
FPR at 50%   44,251   46,025
FPR at 75%   142,194   136,104
FPR at 85%   82,494   129,884
FPR at 100%   325,890   288,057
FPR at 250%   33,213   37,858
FPR at 300%   7,357   10,751
FPR up to 1250% (*)   1,608   1,990
Derivatives -  Changes in the Counterparty Credit Quality   6,168   4,924
Derivatives -  Future Potential Gain   5,937   5,126
b) Per Type:
Securities   45,741   51,085
Loan Operations - Retail   114,481   109,882
Loan Operations - Non-Retail   247,911   237,365
Joint Liabilities - Retail   205   242
Joint Liabilities - Non-Retail   47,108   46,655
Loan Commitments - Retail   27,504   25,972
Loan Commitments - Non-Retail   10,234   12,924
Other Exposures   176,100   195,468

(*)
Taking into consideration the application of the “F” factor required by Article 29 of BACEN Circular 3,644.

F- 133

We present below the breakdown of Risk-weighted assets
of market risk (RWA
MINT
), as follows:

12/31/2016 (1)   12/31/2015 (2)
Risk-weighted assets of market risk (RWA MINT )   24,130   14,252
Operations subject to interest rate variations   24,919   11,291
Fixed rate denominated in Real   4,952   2,127
Foreign currency coupon   15,497   6,700
Price index coupon   4,470   2,464
Operations subject to commodity price variation   353   473
Operations subject to stock price variation   401   952
Operations subject to risk exposures in gold, foreign currency and foreign   1,138   1,536
Capital benefit – Internal models   (2,681   )

(1)   Market
                                         risk-weighted assets calculated based on internal models.

(2)   Market risk-weighted
                                         assets calculated based on standard models.

The capital requirement for the market
risk portion is the maximum of the internal model and 90% of the standardized model. As at December 31, 2016, RWA
MPAD

was R$ 26,811; hence, the regulatory capital for market risk (RWA
MINT
 amounted to R$ 24,130, or 90% of the standardized
model.

The table below shows the amounts of risk weighted assets
for Operational Risk (RWA
OPAD
):

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Risk-weighted assets of operational risk (RWA OPAD )   37,826   28,623
Retail   10,887   7,470
Commercial   24,166   16,491
Corporate finance   2,789   1,380
Negotiation and sales   (11,026   )   (4,927   )
Payments and settlement   3,418   3,074
Financial agent services   3,471   2,873
Asset management   4,109   2,145
Retail brokerage   12   118

f) Capital Adequacy Assessment

In annually assessing its capital adequacy, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING adopts the following flow:

-   Identification of risks to which
                                         the institution is exposed and analysis of their materiality;

-   Evaluation of capital requirements
                                         for material risks;

-   Development of methodologies for
                                         quantifying additional capital;

-   Quantification and internal capital
                                         adequacy evaluation;

-   Sending the capital adequacy report
                                         to BACEN.

Under ICAAP, a fundamental component
for ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING's internal capital management, noteworthy is the stress testing, a most significant element.
This process provides for assessing capital by way of adverse scenarios, approved on a yearly basis by the Board of Directors,
and whose purpose is measuring and assessing whether, even in severe adverse scenarios, the institution would have adequate capital
levels that would not generate restrictions to the development of its activities.

The result of the last ICAAP –
conducted as of December 2015 – indicated that, in addition to capital to face all material risks, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING has significant capital surplus, thus assuring the institution’s equity soundness.

F- 134

g) Capital Adequacy

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, through the ICAAP, assesses
the adequacy of its capital to face the incurred risks. For ICAAP,

capital is composed by regulatory capital for credit, market
and operational risks and by the necessary capital to face other risks.

In order to ensure the soundness of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and the availability of capital to support business growth, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING maintains
PR levels above the minimum level required to face risks, as evidenced by the Common Equity, Tier I Capital and Basel ratios.

Composition of Referential Equity (PR)   12/31/2016   09/30/2016   12/31/2015
Tier I   115,940   115,936   101,001
Common Equity Tier I   115,408   115,364   100,955
Additional Tier I Capital   532   572   46
Tier II   23,537   23,622   27,464
Referential Equity   139,477   139,557   128,465
Minimum Referential Equity Required   72,210   72,672   79,471
Surplus Capital in relation to the Minimum Referential Equity Required   67,267   66,885   48,994
Additional
    Common Equity Tier I Required (ACP Required )   4,570   4,600
Referential equity calculated for covering the interest rate risk on operations not classified in the trading portfolio (RBAN)   2,264   2,332   1,275

The table below shows the Basel and Fixed Asset Ratios:

12/31/2016   09/30/2016   12/31/2015
Basel Ratio   19.1   %   19.0   %   17.8   %
Tier I   15.9   %   15.8   %   14.0   %
Common Equity Tier I   15.8   %   15.7   %   14.0   %
Additional Tier I Capital   0.1   %   0.1   %   0.0   %
Tier II   3.2   %   3.2   %   3.8   %
Fixed Asset Ratio   25.4   %   23.6   %   27.7   %
Surplus Capital in Relation to Fixed Assets   34,298   36,837   28,616

Considering our current capital base at December
31, 2016, should the Basel III rules established by BACEN be immediately and fully applied, the principal capital ratio would
be 14.0% (13.6% at 12/31/2015 considering the use of tax credit), taking into consideration the payment of additional interest
on capital expected for March 2017, the merger of Citibank and the use of tax credit.

h) Stress testing

Stress testing is performed by Itaú
Unibanco to evaluate the institution’s solvency in hypothetical, however, plausible, situations of systemic crisis and identify
areas most susceptible to the impact of the stress that may require risk mitigation.

Since 2010, Itaú Unibanco has performed
a process that simulates the impact of extreme economic and market conditions on the results and capital of the institution.

To perform the test, macroeconomic variables
for each stress scenario are estimated by the economic research department. The scenarios are defined based on their relevance
for the bank´s results and likelihood to occur and are submitted to the Board of Directors for approval.

Projections of macroeconomic
variables (GDP, benchmark interest rate and inflation) and of the credit market (fundraising, loans, default rate, spread and
fees) for these scenarios are generated based on exogenous shocks or by using models validated by an independent area.

The projections calculated sensitize the budgeted
results and balance sheet and, consequently, affect the risk weighted assets and the capital and liquidity ratios.

F- 135

This information allows to identify potential
factors of risks on businesses, supporting the Board of Directors’ strategic decisions, the budgetary process and discussions
on credit granting policies, in addition to being used as input for risk appetite metrics.

F- 136

Note 34 – Segment Information

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is a banking institution
that offers its customers a wide range of financial products and services.

The current operational and reporting segments of ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING are described below:

·   Retail
                                         Banking

The result of the Retail Banking
segment arises from the offer of banking products and services to a diversified client base of account holders and non-account
holders, individuals and companies. The segment includes retail clients, high net worth clients (Itaú Uniclass and Personnalité),
and the corporate segment (very small and small companies). This segment comprises financing and lending activities carried out
in units other than the branch network, and offering of credit cards, in addition to operations with Itaú Consignado.

·   Wholesale
                                         Banking

The result of the Wholesale Banking
segment arises from the products and services offered to middle-market companies, private banking clients, from the activities
of Latin America units, and the activities of Itaú BBA, the unit in charge of commercial operations with large companies
and performing as an investment banking unit.

·   Activities
                                         with the Market + Corporation

This segment records the result
arising from capital surplus, subordinated debt surplus and the net balance of tax credits and debits. It also shows the financial
margin with the market, the Treasury operating cost, the equity in earnings of companies not associated to each segment and the
interest in Porto Seguro.

Basis of presentation of segment information

Segment information is prepared
based on the reports used by top management (Executive Committee) to assess the performance and to make decisions regarding the
allocation of funds for investment and other purposes.

The top management (Executive Committee)
of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses a variety of information for such purposes including financial and non-financial information
that is measured on different bases as well as information prepared based on accounting practices adopted in Brazil. The main
index used to monitor the business performance is the Recurring Net Income and the Economic Capital allocated to each segment.

The segment information has been
prepared following accounting practices adopted in Brazil modified for the adjustments described below:

·

 Allocated capital and income tax rate

Based on the managerial income
statement, the segment information considers the application of the following criteria:

Allocated capital:
The impacts
associated to capital allocation are included in the financial information.

Accordingly, adjustments were made to the financial
statements, based on a proprietary model. The Allocated Economic Capital (AEC) model was adopted for the financial statements
by segments, and as from 2015, we changed the calculation methodology. The AEC considers, in addition to Tier l allocated capital,
the effects of the calculation of expected loan losses, supplementary to the requirements of the Central Bank of Brazil, pursuant
to CMN Circular No. 2.682/99. Accordingly, the Allocated Capital comprises the following components: Credit risk (including expected
loss), operational risk, market risk and insurance underwriting risk. Based on the portion of allocated capital tier I, we calculated
the Return on Allocated Economic Capital, which corresponds to an operational performance indicator consistently adjusted to the
capital required to support the risk associated to asset and liability positions assumed, in conformity with our risk appetite.

Income tax rate:
We consider
the total income tax rate, net of the tax effect from the payment of interest on

capital, for the Retail Banking, Wholesale
Bank and Activities with the Market segments. The difference between the income tax amount calculated by segment and the effective
income tax amount, as stated in the consolidated financial statements, is allocated to the Activities with the Market + Corporation
column.

F- 137

·   Reclassification
                                         and application of managerial criteria

The managerial statement of income
was used to prepare information per segment. These statements were obtained based on the statement of income adjusted by the impact
of non-recurring events and the managerial reclassifications in income.

We describe below the main reclassifications
between the accounting and managerial results:

Banking product:
The banking
product considers the opportunity cost for each operation. The financial

statements were adjusted so that the stockholders'
equity was replaced by funding at market price. Subsequently, the financial statements were adjusted to include revenues related
to capital allocated to each segment. The cost of subordinated debt and the respective remuneration at market price were proportionally
allocated to the segments, based on the economic allocated capital.

Hedge tax effects:
The
tax effects of the hedge of investments abroad were adjusted

–

these were

originally recorded in the
tax expenses (PIS and COFINS) and Income Tax and Social Contribution on net income lines – and are now reclassified to the
margin. The strategy to manage the foreign exchange risk associated to the capital invested abroad aims at preventing the effects
of the exchange rates variation on income. In order to achieve this objective, we used derivative instruments to hedge against
such foreign currency risk, with investments remunerated in Brazilian Reais. The hedge strategy for foreign investments also considers
the impact of all tax effects levied.

Insurance:
Insurance business
revenues and expenses were concentrated in Income related to Insurance,

pension plan and capitalization operations. The
main reclassifications of revenues refer to the financial margins obtained with the technical provisions of insurance, pension
plan and capitalization, in addition to revenue from management of pension plan funds.

Other reclassifications:
Other
Income, Share of Income of Associates, Non-Operating Income, Profit

Sharing of Management Members and Expenses for Credit
Card Reward Program were reclassified to those lines representing the way the institution manages its business, enabling greater
understanding for performance analysis. Accordingly, equity in earnings of investment in Banco CSF S.A. (“Banco Carrefour”)
was reclassified to the financial margin line.

The adjustments and reclassifications
column shows the effects of the differences between the accounting principles followed for the presentation of segment information,
which are substantially in line with the accounting practices adopted for financial institutions in Brazil, except as described
above, and the policies used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements according to IFRS. Main adjustments
are as follows:

·   Allowance
                                         for Loan Losses, which, under IFRS (IAS 39), should be recognized upon objective evidence
                                         that loan operations are impaired (incurred loss), and the Expected Loss concept is adopted
                                         according to Brazilian accounting standards;

·   Shares
                                         and units classified as permanent investments were stated at fair value under IFRS (IAS
                                         39 and 32), and their gains and losses
were directly recorded to Stockholders’ Equity, not passing through income for the period;

·   Effective
                                         interest rates, financial assets and liabilities stated at amortized cost, are recognized
                                         by the effective interest rate method, allocating revenues and costs directly attributable
                                         to acquisition, issue or disposal for the transaction period of the operation; according
                                         to Brazilian standards, fee expenses and income are recognized as these transactions
                                         are engaged.

·   Business
                                         combinations are accounted for under the acquisition method in IFRS (IFRS 3), in which
                                         the purchase price is allocated among assets and liabilities of the acquired company,
                                         and the amount not subject to allocation, if any, is recognized as goodwill. Such amount
                                         is not amortized, but is subject to an impairment test.

F- 138

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

From January 1 to
December 31, 2016

(In millions of Reais, except for share information)

Consolidated Statement of Income   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Activities with the Market + Corporation   ITAÚ UNIBANCO   Adjustments   IFRS consolidated
Banking product   69,577   28,324   9,412   107,313   11,348   118,661
Interest margin (1)   39,154   19,755   9,264   68,173   11,308   79,481
Banking service fees   22,659   8,072   59   30,790   1,128   31,918
Income related to insurance, private pension, and capitalization
operations before claim and selling expenses   7,764   497   89   8,350   (2,470   )   5,880
Other income   -   -   -   -   1,382   1,382
Losses on loans and claims   (14,901   )   (8,471   )   71   (23,301   )   1,179   (22,122   )
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   (16,717   )   (8,914   )   71   (25,560   )   1,181   (24,379   )
Recovery of loans written off as loss   3,242   502   -   3,744   (2   )   3,742
Expenses for claims / recovery of claims under reinsurance   (1,426   )   (59   )   -   (1,485   )   -   (1,485   )
Operating margin   54,676   19,853   9,483   84,012   12,527   96,539
Other operating income (expenses)   (37,202   )   (13,410   )   (2,387   )   (52,999   )   (5,348   )   (58,347   )
Non-interest expenses (2)   (32,883   )   (12,034   )   (1,616   )   (46,533   )   (4,371   )   (50,904   )
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and Other   (4,319   )   (1,376   )   (771   )   (6,466   )   (1,505   )   (7,971   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint ventures   -   -   -   -   528   528
Net income before income tax and social contribution   17,474   6,443   7,096   31,013   7,179   38,192
Income tax and social contribution   (6,328   )   (1,081   )   (1,237   )   (8,646   )   (5,964   )   (14,610   )
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (223   )   79   (1   )   (145   )   (174   )   (319   )
Net income   10,923   5,441   5,858   22,222   1,041   23,263

(1) Includes net interest and similar
income and expenses of R$ 66,369 dividend income of R$ 288, net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives of R$ 7,311
and results from foreign exchange results and exchange variation of transactions abroad of R$ 5,513.

(2) Refers to general and administrative expenses including
depreciation expenses of R$ 1,702, amortization expenses of R$ 1,292 and insurance acquisition expenses of R$ 721.

Total assets (1) - 12/31/2016   909,779   585,088   114,956   1,425,639   (72,398   )   1,353,241
Total liabilities - 12/31/2016   877,792   525,390   79,365   1,298,423   (79,996   )   1,218,427
(1) Includes:
Investments in associates and joint ventures   1,325   -   3,106   4,431   642   5,073
Goodwill   1,398   6,171   -   7,569   2,106   9,675
Fixed assets, net   5,635   1,177   -   6,812   1,230   8,042
Intangible assets, net   6,559   1,105   -   7,664   (283   )   7,381

The consolidated figures do not represent the sum of the
segments because there are intercompany transactions that were eliminated only in the consolidated financial statements. Segments
are assessed by top management, net of income and expenses between related parties.

F- 139

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

From January 1 to December 31, 2015

(In millions of Reais except per share information)

Consolidated Statement of
    Income   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Actitivities
    with the Market + Corporation   ITAÚ UNIBANCO   Adjustments   IFRS consolidated
Banking product   70,495   25,774   7,641   103,910   (11,899   )   92,011
Interest
    margin (1)   40,997   18,047   7,513   66,557   (11,949   )   54,608
Banking service fees   21,159   7,282   59   28,500   952   29,452
Income related to insurance, private pension,
    and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   8,339   445   69   8,853   (2,181   )   6,672
Other income   -   -   -   -   1,279   1,279
Losses on loans and claims   (13,893   )   (5,931   )   98   (19,726   )   (1,609   )   (21,335   )
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease losses   (16,232   )   (6,764   )   98   (22,898   )   (1,619   )   (24,517   )
Recovery of loans written off as loss   3,886   883   -   4,769   10   4,779
Expenses for claims / recovery of claims under
    reinsurance   (1,547   )   (50   )   -   (1,597   )   -   (1,597   )
Operating margin   56,602   19,843   7,739   84,184   (13,508   )   70,676
Other operating income (expenses)   (35,924   )   (11,130   )   (1,948   )   (49,002   )   (3,409   )   (52,411   )
Non-interest
    expenses (2)   (31,547   )   (9,877   )   (1,522   )   (42,946   )   (4,680   )   (47,626   )
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and Other   (4,377   )   (1,253   )   (426   )   (6,056   )   651   (5,405   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and joint
    ventures   -   -   -   -   620   620
Net income before income tax and social contribution   20,678   8,713   5,791   35,182   (16,917   )   18,265
Income tax and social contribution   (7,263   )   (2,691   )   (1,040   )   (10,994   )   18,885   7,891
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (342   )   -   (14   )   (356   )   (60   )   (416   )
Net income   13,073   6,022   4,737   23,832   1,908   25,740

(1) Includes net interest and similar
income and expenses of R$ 72,725, dividend income of R$ 98, net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives of R$ (11,862)
and foreign exchange results and exchange variation on transactions of abroad R$ (6,353).

(2) Refers to general and administrative expenses including
depreciation expenses of R$ 1,688, amortization expenses of R$ 910 and insurance acquisition expenses of R$ 1,138.

Total
    assets (1) - 12/31/2015   873,202   547,236   127,716   1,359,172   (82,757   )   1,276,415
Total liabilities - 12/31/2015   840,033   502,887   97,017   1,250,955   (88,599   )   1,162,356
(1) Includes:
Investments in associates and joint ventures   1,064   -   2,436   3,500   899   4,399
Goodwill   232   -   -   232   1,825   2,057
Fixed assets, net   5,781   1,274   -   7,055   1,486   8,541
Intangible assets, net   6,606   857   -   7,463   (1,168   )   6,295

The Consolidated figures do not represent the sum of the
segments because there are intercompany transactions that were eliminated only in the consolidated financial statements. Segments
are assessed by top management, net of income and expenses between related parties.

F- 140

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

From January 1 to December 31, 2014

(In millions of Reais except per share information)

Consolidated Statement of Income   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Actitivities with the Market + Corporation   ITAÚ UNIBANCO   Adjustments   IFRS consolidated
Banking product   65,516   20,408   3,916   89,840   1,817   91,657
Interest
    margin (1)   37,880   13,685   3,590   55,155   1,118   56,273
Banking service fees   19,234   6,321   222   25,777   565   26,342
Income related to insurance, private pension,
    and capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   8,402   402   104   8,908   (2,020   )   6,888
Other income   -   -   -   -   2,154   2,154
Losses on loans and claims   (11,840   )   (3,202   )   (3   )   (15,045   )   (756   )   (15,801   )
Expenses for allowance for loan and lease
    losses   (14,503   )   (3,565   )   (3   )   (18,071   )   (761   )   (18,832   )
Recovery of loans written off as loss   4,642   407   -   5,049   5   5,054
Expenses for claims / recovery of claims under
    reinsurance   (1,979   )   (44   )   -   (2,023   )   -   (2,023   )
Operating margin   53,676   17,206   3,913   74,795   1,061   75,856
Other operating income (expenses)   (34,200   )   (9,150   )   (1,089   )   (44,439   )   (2,609   )   (47,048   )
Non-interest
    expenses (2)   (30,243   )   (8,158   )   (1,182   )   (39,583   )   (2,967   )   (42,550   )
Tax expenses for ISS, PIS and COFINS and Other   (3,957   )   (992   )   93   (4,856   )   (207   )   (5,063   )
Share of profit or (loss) in associates and
    joint ventures   -   -   -   -   565   565
Net income before income tax and social contribution   19,476   8,056   2,824   30,356   (1,548   )   28,808
Income tax and social contribution   (6,761   )   (2,591   )   (74   )   (9,426   )   2,479   (6,947   )
Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries   (305   )   -   (6   )   (311   )   5   (306   )
Net income   12,410   5,465   2,744   20,619   936   21,555

(1) Includes net interest and similar
income and expenses of R$ 47,138, dividend income of R$ 215, net gain (loss) on investment securities and derivatives of R$ (724)
and foreign exchange results and exchange variation on transactions of abroad R$ 9,644.

(2) Refers to general and administrative expenses including
depreciation expenses of R$ 1,641, amortization expenses of R$ 827 and insurance acquisition expenses of R$ 1,214.

Total
    assets (1) - 12/31/2014   811,185   436,872   107,174   1,208,702   (81,499   )   1,127,203
Total liabilities - 12/31/2014   770,528   399,544   86,897   1,110,439   (83,853   )   1,026,586
(1) Includes:
Investments in associates and joint ventures   982   -   2,117   3,099   991   4,090
Goodwill   204   -   -   204   1,757   1,961
Fixed assets, net   6,693   868   -   7,561   1,150   8,711
Intangible assets, net   7,841   791   -   8,632   (2,498   )   6,134

The Consolidated figures do not represent the sum of the
segments because there are intercompany transactions that were eliminated only in the consolidated financial statements. Segments
are assessed by top management, net of income and expenses between related parties.

F- 141

Information on the result of main services and products
and noncurrent assets by geographic area are as follows:

01/01
    to 12/31/2016   01/01
    to 12/31/2015   01/01
    to 12/31/2014
Brazil   Abroad   Total   Brazil   Abroad   Total   Brazil   Abroad   Total
Income related
    to financial operations (1) (2)   154,653   19,954   174,607   117,140   12,532   129,672   118,946   10,304   129,250
Income     related     to     insurance,     private pension and
    capitalization operations before claim and selling expenses   5,748   132   5,880   6,570   102   6,672   6,834   54   6,888
Banking service fees   29,061   2,857   31,918   27,072   2,380   29,452   24,550   1,792   26,342
Non-current assets   13,299   2,124   15,423   13,841   995   14,836   14,038   807   14,845

(1)   Includes interest and similar income, dividend income, net gain (loss) on investment securities
and derivatives, foreign exchange results, and exchange variation on transactions.

(2)   ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING does not have clients representing
10% or higher of its revenues.

F- 142

Note 35 – Related parties

a)   Transactions between related parties are carried out at
amounts, terms and average rates in accordance with normal market practices during the period, as well as under reciprocal conditions.

Transactions between companies
included in consolidation (Note 2.4a) were eliminated from the consolidated financial statements and the absence of risk is taken
into consideration.

The unconsolidated related parties
are as follows:

·   Itaú
Unibanco Participações S.A. (IUPAR), Companhia E. Johnston de Participações S.A. (shareholder of IUPAR)
and ITAÚSA, direct and indirect shareholders of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING;

·   The
non-financial subsidiaries of ITAÚSA, especially: Itautec S.A., Duratex S.A., Elekeiroz S.A., ITH Zux Cayman Company Ltd
and Itaúsa Empreendimentos S.A.;

·   Fundação
Itaú Unibanco - Previdência Complementar and FUNBEP – Fundo de Pensão Multipatrocinado, closed-end supplementary
pension entities, that administer retirement plans sponsored by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and / or its subsidiaries;

·   Fundação
Itaú Social, Instituto Itaú Cultural, Instituto Unibanco, Instituto Assistencial Pedro Di Perna, Instituto Unibanco
de Cinema, Associação Itaú Viver Mais and Associação Cubo Coworking Itaú, entities sponsored
by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and subsidiaries to act in their respective areas of interest; and

·   Investments
in Porto Seguro Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A. and BSF Holding S.A.

The transactions with these related parties are mainly
as follows:

F- 143

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING CONSOLIDATED
Assets
    / (liabilities)   Revenue
    / (expenses)
Annual rate   12/31/2016   12/31/2015   01/01 to 12/31/2016   01/01 to 12/31/2015   01/01 a 31/12/2014
Securities sold
    under repurchase agreements   (77   )   (249   )   (19   )   (20   )   (13   )
Duratex S.A.   97.5% to 100% CDI   (18   )   (41   )   (4   )   (9   )   (10   )
Elekeiroz S.A.   97.5% to 100% CDI   (3   )   (8   )   (1   )   (1   )   (2   )
Itautec S.A.   96.5% to 100.1% CDI   (1   )   (110   )   (3   )   -   -
Itaúsa Empreendimentos S.A.   -   (64   )   (7   )   (7   )   -
Olimpia Promoção e Serviços
    S.A.   (14   )   (11   )   (2   )   (1   )   -
Conectcar Soluções de Mobilidade
    Eletrônica S.A.   (24   )   -   -   -   -
Other   (17   )   (15   )   (2   )   (2   )   (1   )
Amounts     receivable
    from     (payable     to)     related     companies / Banking service fees (expenses)   (129   )   (116   )   28   20   8
Olimpia Promoção e Serviços
    S.A.   (2   )   (2   )   (25   )   (28   )   -
Fundação Itaú Unibanco
    - Previdência Complementar   (127   )   (114   )   44   39   35
FUNBEP - Fundo de Pensão Multipatrocinado   -   -   6   5   5
Other   -   -   -   2   (32   )
Rental revenues (expenses)   -   -   (59   )   (56   )   (51   )
Itaúsa Investimentos Itaú S.A.   -   -   (2   )   (2   )   -
Fundação Itaú Unibanco
    - Previdência Complementar   -   -   (44   )   (42   )   (38   )
FUNBEP - Fundo de Pensão Multipatrocinado   -   -   (13   )   (12   )   (13   )
Donation expenses   -   -   (88   )   (84   )   (78   )
Instituto Itaú Cultural   -   -   (87   )   (83   )   (77   )
Associação Itaú Viver Mais   -   -   (1   )   (1   )   (1   )

Pursuant to the current rules, financial institutions cannot
grant loans or advances to the following:

a)
any individuals or companies that control the Institution or any entity under common control with the institution, or any executive
officer, director, member of the fiscal council, or the immediate family members of these individuals;

b)   any entity controlled by the institution; or

c)   any entity in which the bank directly or indirectly holds
more than 10% of the capital stock.

Therefore, no loans or advances were granted to any subsidiary,
executive officer, director or family members.

b)   Compensation of the key management personnel

Compensation for the period paid to
key management members of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING consisted of:

01/01 to   01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015   12/31/2014
Compensation   360   459   343
Board of directors   32   27   14
Executives   328   432   329
Profit sharing   251   239   261
Board of directors   2   1   12
Executives   249   238   249
Contributions to pension plans - executives   12   9   7
Stock option plan – executives   263   200   234
Total   885   907   845

F- 144

Note 36 – Management of financial risks

Credit risk

1. Credit risk measurement

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING understands credit
risk is the possibility of losses arising from the breach by the borrower, issuer or counterparty of the respective agreed-upon
financial obligations, the devaluation of loan agreement due to downgrading of the borrower’s, the issuer’s, the counterparty’s
risk rating, the reduction in gains or compensation, the advantages given upon posterior renegotiation and the recovery costs.

The credit risk management of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING’s is the primary responsibility of all business units and aims to keep the quality of loan portfolios in levels consistent
with the institution’s risk appetite for each market segment in which it operates.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING establishes its
credit policy based on internal factors, such as the client rating criteria, performance of and changes in portfolio, default levels,
return rates, and the allocated economic capital; among others, and external factors, such as interest rates, market default indicators,
inflation, changes in consumption, among others. The assessment process of policies and products enables ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
to identify potential risks, so as to make sure that credit decisions make sense from an economic and risk perspective.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has a structured
process to keep a diversified portfolio deemed as adequate by the institution. The ongoing monitoring on the concentration level
of portfolios, by assessing the economic activity sectors and major debtors, enables it to take preventive measures, to prevent
that defined limits are breached.

The table below shows the correspondence between
risk levels attributed by all segments of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING internal models (lower risk, satisfactory, higher risk and
impaired) and the probability of default associated with each of these levels, and the risk levels assigned by the respective market
models.

External rating
Internal rating   PD   Moody's   S&P   Fitch
Lower risk   Lower or equal than 4.44%   Aaa to B2   AAA to B   AAA to B-
Satisfactory   From 4.44% up to 25.95%   B3 to Caa3   B- to CCC-   CCC+ to CCC-
Higher risk   Higher than 25.95%   Ca1 to D   CC+ to D   CC+ to D
Impairment   Corporate operations with a PD higher than 31.84% Operations past due for over 90 days Renegotiated operations past due for over 60 days   Ca1 to D   CC+ to D   CC+ to D

For individual, small and middle-market companies,
credit rating is attributed based on application statistical models (in the early phases of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s
relationship with the client) and behavior score (used for clients with which ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING already has a relationship).
Decisions are made based on these models, which are continuously monitored by an independent framework. Exceptionally, there can
be an individual analysis of specific cases, in which credit approval is submitted to proper levels.

For large companies, the rating is based on
information such as economic and financial condition of the counterparty, their cash-generating capability, the economic group
to which they belong, and the current and prospective situation of the economic sector in which they operate. The credit proposals
are analyzed on a case by case basis, through an approval-level mechanism.

Government securities and other debt instruments
are classified by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING according to their credit quality aiming at managing their exposures.

In line with the principles of CMN Resolution
N° 3,721, of April 30, 2009, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has structure and corporate guidelines on credit risk management,
approved by its Board of Directors, applicable to companies and subsidiaries in Brazil and abroad.

F- 145

2.   Credit risk management

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING strictly
controls the credit exposure of clients and counterparties, taking action to address situations in which the actual exposure exceeds
the desired one. For this purpose, contractually provided actions can be taken, such as early settlement or requirement of additional
collateral.

3.   Collateral and policies for mitigating credit risk

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses
guarantees to increase its recovery capacity in transactions involving credit risk. The guarantees used may be personal guarantees,
collateral, legal structures with mitigation power and offset agreements.

For management purposes, for collaterals
to be considered instruments that mitigate credit risk, they must comply with the requirements and standards of the rules that
regulate them domestic or not, and be legally valid (effective), enforceable and assessed on a regular basis.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING also
uses credit derivatives, such as single name CDS, to mitigate credit risk of its portfolios of loans and securities. These instruments
are priced based on models that use the fair value of market inputs, such as credit spreads, recovery rates, correlations and interest
rates.

4.   Policy on the provision

The policies on the provision adopted
by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are aligned with the guidelines of IFRS and the Basel Accord. As a result, an allowance for loan
losses is recognized when there are indications of the impairment of the portfolio and takes into account a horizon of loss appropriate
for each type of transaction. We consider as
impaired
 loans overdue for more than 90 days, renegotiated loans overdue by
more than 60 days and Corporate loans below a specific internal rating. Loans are written-down 360 days after such loans become
past due or 540 days of being past due in the case of loans with original maturities over 36 months.

5.   Credit risk exposure

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Brazil   Abroad   Total   Brazil   Abroad   Total
Interbank deposits   6,044   16,648   22,692   7,502   23,023   30,525
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   264,080   971   265,051   252,295   2,109   254,404
Financial assets held for trading   193,903   10,745   204,648   157,206   7,105   164,311
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   -   1,191   1,191   -   642   642
Derivatives   13,593   10,638   24,231   15,858   10,897   26,755
Available-for-sale financial assets   53,529   34,748   88,277   52,221   33,824   86,045
Held-to-maturity financial assets   27,436   13,059   40,495   27,378   14,807   42,185
Loan operations and lease operations   305,394   158,000   463,394   326,241   121,163   447,404
Other financial assets   47,914   6,003   53,917   47,665   5,841   53,506
Off balance sheet   259,854   39,973   299,827   272,274   30,246   302,520
Endorsements and sureties   62,172   8,621   70,793   68,897   5,347   74,244
Letters of credit to be released   6,660   -   6,660   6,936   -   6,936
Commitments to be released   191,022   31,352   222,374   196,441   24,899   221,340
Mortgage loans   4,389   -   4,389   6,812   -   6,812
Overdraft accounts   87,239   -   87,239   81,151   -   81,151
Credit cards   96,497   1,273   97,770   102,721   1,211   103,932
Other pre-approved limits   2,897   30,079   32,976   5,757   23,688   29,445
Total   1,171,747   291,976   1,463,723   1,158,640   249,657   1,408,297

F- 146

The table above presents the maximum
exposure at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, without considering any collateral received or other additional credit improvements.

For assets recognized in the balance
sheet, the exposures presented are based on net carrying amounts. This analysis includes only financial assets subject to credit
risk and excludes non-financial assets.

The contractual amounts of endorsements
and sureties and letters of credit represent the maximum potential of credit risk in the event the counterparty does not meet the
terms of the agreement. The vast majority of commitments (real estate loans, overdraft accounts and other pre-approved limits)
mature without being drawn, since they are renewed monthly and we have the power to cancel them at any time. As a result, the total
contractual amount does not represent our effective future exposure to credit risk or the liquidity needs arising from such commitments.

As shown in the table, the most significant
exposures correspond to loan operations, financial assets held for trading, and securities purchased under agreements to resell,
in addition to sureties, endorsements and other commitments.

The maximum exposure to the quality of the financial assets
presented highlights that:

·   88.8%
of loan operations and other financial assets exposure (Table 6.1 and 6.1.2) are categorized as low probability of default in
accordance with our internal rating;

·   only
4.0% of the total loans exposure (Table 6.1) is represented by overdue credits not impaired;

·   6.2%
of the total loans exposure (Table 6.1) corresponds to overdue loans impaired.

5.1   Maximum exposure of financial assets segregated by business
sector

a)   Loan operations and lease operations portfolio

12/31/2016   %   12/31/2015   %
Public sector   3,051   0.6   3,182   0.7
Industry and commerce   112,067   22.8   125,386   26.5
Services   118,102   24.1   104,226   22.0
Natural resources   24,362   5.0   25,306   5.3
Other sectors   2,839   0.6   2,526   0.5
Individuals   229,945   46.9   213,622   45.0
Total   490,366   100.0   474,248   100.0

b)   Other financial assets (*)

12/31/2016   %   12/31/2015   %
Natural resources   2,466   0.4   4,313   0.7
Public sector   249,745   38.7   197,871   32.7
Industry and commerce   10,435   1.6   11,856   2.0
Services   2,741   0.4   89,932   14.9
Other sectors   93,165   14.4   15,420   2.5
Individuals   290   0.0   546   0.1
Financial   287,743   44.5   284,929   47.1
Total   646,585   100.0   604,867   100.0

(*) Includes financial assets
held for trading, derivatives, assets designated at fair value through profit or loss, available-for-sale financial assets, held-to-maturity
financial assets, interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell.

c)   The credit risks of off balance sheet items (endorsements
and sureties, letters of credit and commitments to be released) are not categorized or managed by business sector.

F- 147

6.   Credit quality of financial assets

6.1   The following table shows the breakdown of loans operations
and lease operations portfolio considering: loans not overdue and loans overdue either impaired or not impaired:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Internal
    rating   Loans
    not overdue and not impaired   Loans overdue not impaired   Loans overdue and impaired   Total
    loans   Loans
    not overdue and not impaired   Loans overdue and not impaired   Loans overdue and impaired   Total
    loans
Lower risk   363,954   5,543   -   369,497   340,368   3,838   -   344,206
Satisfactory   62,883   6,904   -   69,787   76,940   6,489   -   83,429
Higher risk   13,767   6,998   -   20,765   12,609   6,847   -   19,456
Impairment   -   -   30,317   30,317   -   -   27,157   27,157
Total   440,604   19,445   30,317   490,366   429,917   17,174   27,157   474,248
%   89.8   %   4.0   %   6.2   %   100.0   %   90.7   %   3.6   %   5.7   %   100.0   %

The following table shows the breakdown of loans operations
and lease operations by portfolios of areas and classes, based on indicators of credit quality:

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Lower
    risk   Satisfactory   Higher
    risk   Impaired   Total   Lower
    risk   Satisfactory   Higher
    risk   Impaired   Total
Individuals   122,112   38,910   11,362   10,763   183,147   102,479   60,132   13,030   11,579   187,220
Credit cards   42,432   11,212   1,866   3,512   59,022   40,297   11,887   2,286   4,072   58,542
Personal   6,414   6,298   8,264   4,837   25,813   6,234   8,014   9,099   5,049   28,396
Payroll loans   26,624   15,972   609   1,431   44,636   9,582   33,766   844   1,242   45,434
Vehicles   11,378   2,911   554   591   15,434   14,149   4,292   737   880   20,058
Mortgage loans   35,264   2,517   69   392   38,242   32,217   2,173   64   336   34,790
Corporate   102,162   5,447   7   14,138   121,754   133,779   6,915   206   11,627   152,527
Small and medium businesses   40,534   10,084   4,671   3,646   58,935   45,202   12,567   4,993   3,276   66,038
Foreign
    loans - Latin America   104,689   15,346   4,725   1,770   126,530   62,746   3,815   1,227   675   68,463
Total   369,497   69,787   20,765   30,317   490,366   344,206   83,429   19,456   27,157   474,248
%   75.4   %   14.2   %   4.2   %   6.2   %   100.0   %   72.6   %   17.6   %   4.1   %   5.7   %   100.0   %

F- 148

The table below shows the breakdown of loans operations
and lease operations portfolio not overdue and not impaired, by portfolio of segments and classes, based on indicators of credit
quality.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Lower
    risk   Satisfactory   Higher
    risk   Total   Lower
    risk   Satisfactory   Higher
    risk   Total
I – Individually evaluated
    Corporate
Large companies   101,612   5,076   7   106,695   133,251   6,721   114   140,086
II- Collectively-evaluated
Individuals   120,221   34,851   7,155   162,227   100,819   55,625   8,269   164,713
Credit card   42,158   10,445   1,083   53,686   39,945   11,086   1,492   52,523
Personal   6,317   5,864   5,538   17,719   6,166   7,527   6,030   19,723
Payroll loans   26,383   15,606   447   42,436   9,501   33,116   642   43,259
Vehicles   10,821   1,947   68   12,836   13,584   2,918   84   16,586
Mortgage loans   34,542   989   19   35,550   31,623   978   21   32,622
Small and medium businesses   39,983   9,011   3,235   52,229   44,582   11,181   3,456   59,219
Foreign loans and Latin America   102,138   13,945   3,370   119,453   61,716   3,413   770   65,899
Total   363,954   62,883   13,767   440,604   340,368   76,940   12,609   429,917

6.1.1 Loan operations and lease operations by portfolios
of areas and classes, are classified by maturity as follows (loans overdue not impaired):

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Overdue
    by up to 30 days   Overdue
    from 31 to 60 days   Overdue
    from 61 to 90 days   Total   Overdue
    by up to 30 days   Overdue
    from 31 to 60 days   Overdue
    from 61 to 90 days   Total
Individuals   5,976   2,772   1,410   10,158   6,306   2,973   1,650   10,929
Credit card   937   442   446   1,825   978   417   551   1,946
Personal   1,850   993   414   3,257   1,992   1,127   505   3,624
Payroll loans   439   168   161   768   532   248   153   933
Vehicles   1,382   448   177   2,007   1,706   642   245   2,593
Mortgage loans   1,368   721   212   2,301   1,098   539   196   1,833
Corporate   790   72   58   920   571   168   73   812
Small and medium businesses   1,928   816   316   3,060   2,128   987   429   3,544
Foreign
    loans - Latin America   3,965   899   443   5,307   1,506   274   109   1,889
Total   12,659   4,559   2,227   19,445   10,511   4,402   2,261   17,174

F- 149

6.1.2 The table below shows other financial assets,
individually evaluated, classified by rating:

12/31/2016
Internal rating   Interbank
    deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell   Held-for-trading financial assets   Financial
    assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   Derivatives assets   Available-for- sale financial assets   Held-to- maturity financial assets   Total
Lower risk   287,743   204,621   1,191   23,943   83,974   39,008   640,480
Satisfactory   -   19   -   87   980   294   1,380
Higher risk   -   8   -   201   1,227   -   1,436
Impairment   -   -   -   -   2,096   1,193   3,289
Total   287,743   204,648   1,191   24,231   88,277   40,495   646,585
%   44.4   31.7   0.2   3.7   13.7   6.3   100.0

12/31/2015
Internal rating   Interbank deposits and securities purchased under agreements to resell   Held-for-trading financial
    assets   Financial assets designated
    at fair value through profit or loss   Derivatives assets   Available-for- sale financial assets   Held-to- maturity financial assets   Total
Lower risk   284,929   164,283   642   26,251   84,284   41,843   602,232
Satisfactory   -   26   -   130   889   342   1,387
Higher Risk   -   2   -   374   308   -   684
Impairment   -   -   -   -   564   -   564
Total   284,929   164,311   642   26,755   86,045   42,185   604,867
%   47.1   27.2   0.1   4.4   14.2   7.0   100.0

F- 150

6.1.3 Collateral held for loan and lease operations
portfolio

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
(l)
    Over-collateralized assets   (II)
    Under-collateralized assets   (l)
    Over-collateralized assets   (II)
    Under-collateralized assets
Financial effect of collateral   Carrying value of the assets   Fair
    value of collateral   Carrying value of the assets   Fair
    value of collateral   Carrying value of the assets   Fair
    value of collateral   Carrying value of the assets   Fair
    value of collateral
Individuals   51,587   128,555   790   743   54,640   135,202   639   572
Personal   443   1,297   682   652   495   1,204   448   419
Vehicles   13,039   35,995   107   90   19,390   50,662   189   152
Mortgage loans   38,105   91,263   1   1   34,755   83,336   2   1
Small, medium businesses and corporate   122,353   368,937   12,324   6,729   169,560   481,916   7,968   2,932
Foreign loans - Latin America   97,374   155,923   9,420   4,803   57,680   89,531   7,715   6,042
Total   271,314   653,415   22,534   12,275   281,880   706,649   16,322   9,546

The difference between the total loan portfolio and
collateralized loan portfolio is generated by non-collateralized loans amounting to R$ 196,518 (R$ 176,046 at 12/31/2015).

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING uses
collateral to reduce the occurrence of losses in operations with credit risk and manages and regularly reviews its collateral with
the objective that collateral held is sufficient, legally exercisable (effective) and feasible. Thus, collateral is used to maximize
the recoverability potential of impaired loans and not to reduce the exposure value of customers and counterparties.

Individuals

Personal
– This category of credit products
usually requires collateral, focusing on endorsements and sureties.

Vehicles
– For this type of operation,
clients' assets serve as collateral, which are also the leased assets in leasing operations.

Mortgage loans
– Regards buildings themselves
given in guarantee.

Small, Medium Businesses and
Corporate –
For these operations, any collateral can be used within the credit policy of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
(chattel mortgage, assignment

trust, surety / joint debtor, Mortgage and others).

Foreign loans – Latin
America
–

For these operations, any collateral can be used within the credit policy of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
(chattel mortgage, assignment trust, surety/joint

debtor, Mortgage and others).

F- 151

7.

Repossessed assets

Repossessed assets are recognized as assets when possession
is effectively obtained.

Assets received from the foreclosure of
loans, including real estate, are initially recorded at the lower of: (i) the fair value of the asset less the estimated selling
expenses, or (ii) the carrying amount of the loan.

Further impairment of assets is recorded
as a provision, with a corresponding charge to income. The maintenance costs of these assets are expensed as incurred.

The policy for sales of these assets (assets
not for use) includes periodic auctions that are announced in advance and considers that the assets cannot be held for more than
one year as stipulated by the BACEN. This period may be extended at the discretion of BACEN.

The amounts below represent total assets repossessed in the
period:

01/01 to   01/01 to
12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Real estate not for own use   13   133
Residential properties - mortgage loans   411   256
Vehicles - linked to loan operations   14   18
Other (vehicles / furniture / equipments) - dation   172   37
Total   610   444

F- 152

Market risk

Market risk is the possibility
of incurring financial losses arising from the changes in the market value of positions held by a financial institution, including
the risks of transactions subject to foreign exchange variation, interest rates, share prices, price indexes and commodity prices,
among other indices related to risk factors.

Market risk management is the
process through which the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING monitors and controls the risks of variations in financial instruments market
values due market changes, aimed at optimizing the risk-return ratio, by using an appropriate structure of limits, alerts, models
and adequate management tools.

The policy of risk management
the ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is in line with the principles of CMN Resolution No. 3,464 of June 26, 2007, and posterior amendments,
comprising a set of principles that drive the institution’s strategy of control and management of market risks in all business
units and legal entities of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

The document set forth by the
corporate guidelines on market risk management, that is not part of the financial statements, may be viewed on the website
www.itau.com.br/relacoes-com-investidores
,
in the section Corporate Governance / Rules and Policies / Public Access Report - Market Risk.

The risk management strategy
of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING tries to achieve a balance between business objectives, considering among others:

·   Political, economic and market context;

·   Portfolio profile of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING;

·   Capacity to operate in specific markets.

The process for managing the
market risk of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is conducted within the governance and hierarchy of committees and a framework of limits
and warnings approved specifically for this purpose, covering different levels and classes of market risk (such as interest rate,
and exchange variation risk, among others). This framework of limits and warnings covers from the monitoring of risk aggregate
indicators (portfolio level) to granular limits (individual desk level). The framework of market risk ranges from the risk factor
level, with specific limits aiming at improving the risk monitoring and understanding process, and at avoiding risk concentration.
These limits are quantified by assessing the forecasted results of the balance sheet, size of stockholders’ equity, liquidity,
markets complexity and volatility and the institution’s appetite for risk. Limits are monitored daily and excesses and potential
violations are reported and discussed for each established limit:

·   Within one business day, for management
of business units in charge and executives of the risk control area and business areas; and

·   Within one month, for proper committees.

Daily risk reports, used by
the business and control departments, are issued for senior management. Additionally, the risk control and management process is
submitted to periodic reviews for the purpose of keeping it in line with the best market practices and adherent to the ongoing
improvement processes at ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING.

The structure of limits and
alerts follows the Board of Directors' guidelines and is approved by panels. The process to definite limit levels and violation
reports follow the governance to approve the internal policies of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING. The information flow established
aims at disseminating information to the several levels of executives of the institution, including the members of the Executive
Board, by means of the Committees in charge of risk management. This limit and warning framework increases effectiveness and the
control coverage is reviewed at least on an annual basis.

The purpose of market risk of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING structure is:

·   Providing visibility and assurance to
all executive levels that the assumption of market risks is in line with ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING and the risk-return objective;

·   Promoting disciplined and educated discussion
on the global risk profile and its evolution over time;

·   Increasing transparency on the way the
business seeks to optimize results;

·   Providing early warning mechanisms in
order to make the effective risk management easier, without jeopardizing the business purposes; and

F- 153

·   Monitoring and avoiding risk concentration.

The market risk is controlled
by an area independent from the business areas, which is responsible for the daily activities of: (i) risk measurement and assessment,
(ii) monitoring of stress scenarios, limits and warnings, (iii) application, analysis and tests of stress scenarios, (iv) risk
reporting for individuals responsible within the business areas, in compliance with governance of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING,
(v) monitoring of actions required for adjustment of positions and/or risk levels to make them feasible, and (vi) support to the
launch of new financial products with security. For that purpose, ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has a structured reporting and information
process and an information flow that provides input for the follow-up by committees and complies with the requirements of Brazilian
and foreign regulatory agencies.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
hedges transactions with clients and proprietary positions, including foreign investments, aiming at mitigating risks arising from
fluctuations in market factors and maintaining the classification the transactions into the current exposure limits. Derivatives
are the most frequently used instruments for these hedges. When these transactions are designed for as hedge accounting, specific
supporting documentation is prepared, including continuous review of the hedge effectiveness (retrospective and prospective) and
other changes in the accounting process. Accounting and managerial hedge are governed by corporate guidelines of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING.

For a detailed vision of the accounting hedge topic,
see Note 9 – Hedge accounting.

The market risk structure categorizes
transactions as part of either the banking portfolio or the trading portfolio, in accordance with general criteria established
by the National Monetary Council Resolution No. 3,464 and BACEN Circular No. 3,354 of July 27, 2007.

The trading portfolio consists
of all transactions involving financial instruments and goods, including derivatives, which are carried out with the intention
of trading.

The banking portfolio is basically
characterized by transactions from the banking business and transactions related to the management of the balance sheet of the
institution. It has the no-intention of resale and medium and long term time horizons as general guidelines.

Exposures to market risks inherent
in the many different financial instruments, including derivatives, are broken down into a number of risk factors, primary market
components for pricing. The main risk factors measured by ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING are:

·   Interest rates: the risk of losses from
transactions subject to interest rate variations, foreign-currency coupons and price-index coupons;

·   Currencies: the risk of losses from transactions
subject to foreign exchange rate variation;

·   Shares: the risk of losses from transactions
subject to share price variations;

·   Commodities: the risk of losses from transactions
subject to commodity price variations.

The CMN has regulations that
establish the segregation of exposure to market risk at least in the following categories: interest rate, exchange rate, shares
and commodities. Inflation rates are addressed as a group of risk factors and received the same treatment as the other risk factors,
such as interest rates, exchange rates, etc., and follow the structure of risk and limits governance adopted by ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING to manage market risk.

Market risk is analyzed based on the following metrics:

·   Value at risk (VaR): statistical metric
that estimates the expected maximum potential economic loss under normal market conditions, taking into consideration a certain
time horizon and confidence level;

·   Losses in stress scenarios (Stress test):
simulation technique to assess the behavior of assets, liabilities and derivatives of a portfolio when several risk factors are
taken to extreme market situations (based on prospective and historical scenarios) in the portfolio;

·   Stop loss: metrics which purpose is to
review positions, should losses accumulated in a certain period reach a certain amount;

·   Concentration: cumulative exposure of
a certain financial instruments or risk factor calculated at market value (“MtM – Mark to Market”); and

·   Stressed VaR: statistical metric resulting
from the VaR calculation, with the purpose of capturing the highest risk in simulations for the current portfolio, considering
the returns that can be observed in historic scenarios of extreme volatility.

F- 154

In addition to the risk measures, sensitivity and
loss control measures are also analyzed. They comprise:

·   Gap analysis: accumulated exposure, by
risk factor, of cash flows expressed at market value, allocated at the maturity dates;

·   Sensitivity (DV01 – Delta Variation):
the impact on the cash flows market value when submitted to an one annual basis point increase in the current interest rates or
index rate;

·   Sensitivity to the Several Risk Factors
(Greeks): partial derivatives of an options portfolio in relation to the underlying assets price, implicit volatility, interest
rate and timing.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
uses proprietary systems to measure the consolidated market risk. The processing of these systems occur, in an access-controlled
environment, being highly available, which has data safekeeping and recovery processes, and counts on such an infrastructure to
ensure the continuity of business in contingency (disaster recovery) situations.

VaR - Consolidated ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING

Consolidated VaR of
ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING is calculated through the Historical Simulation methodology, which fully reflects all its
positions based on the historical series of asset prices. In the first quarter of 2016, o ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING opted
for including the exposures of each foreign unit in the calculation of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING’s Consolidated VaR,
so as to take into account the risk factors of these units, thus improving the methodology used.

The Consolidated Total VaR table
provides an analysis of the exposure to market risk of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING portfolios.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
maintaining its conservative management and portfolio diversification, continued with its policy of operating within low limits
in relation to its capital in the period. In this quarter, the Total Average VaR remained lower than 1% of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING`s stockholders` equity, in line with that recorded in the previous quarter.

From January 1st to December
31, 2016, the average total VaR in Historical Simulation was R$ 236.6, or 0.18% of total stockholders’ equity (throughout
2015 it was R$ 207.0 or 0.18% of total stockholders’ equity).

(in R$ million)
VaR
    Total - Historical Simulation
12/31/2016 (1)   12/31/2015 (2)
Average   Minimum   Maximum   Var
    Total   Average   Minimum   Maximum   Var
    Total
Risk factor group
Interest rates   482.5   323.7   607.4   607.4   363.5   314.2   606.4   347.1
Currencies   18.4   6.8   33.2   17.0   47.1   11.3   118.6   12.3
Shares   45.2   34.0   63.3   44.3   16.9   6.9   57.2   46.9
Commodities   1.7   0.7   4.0   0.8   1.8   0.8   8.5   2.1
Effect of diversification   (339.7   )   (204.4   )
Total risk   236.6   155.1   341.5   329.8   207.0   152.3   340.7   204.0

(1)   VaR by Risk factor group includes information
from foreign units.

(2)   VaR by Risk factor group does not include information from foreign units.

F- 155

Interest rate

The table on the position of accounts subject to interest
rate risk group them by products, book value of accounts distributed by maturity. This table is not used directly to manage interest
rate risks; it is mostly used to enable the assessment of mismatching between accounts and products associated thereto and to identify
possible risk concentration.

The following table sets forth our interest-earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities and therefore does not reflect interest rate gap positions that may exist as of any given
date. In addition, variations in interest rate sensitivity may exist within the repricing periods presented due to differing repricing
dates within the period.

Position of accounts subject to interest rate risk

(1)

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   1-5 years   Over
    5 years   Total   0-30 days   31-180 days   181-365 days   1-5 years   Over
    5 years   Total
Interest-bearing assets   389,843   219,332   95,331   347,743   167,400   1,219,649   376,617   203,639   97,021   277,995   186,609   1,141,881
Interbank deposits   13,286   4,676   3,541   1,189   -   22,692   23,454   3,436   2,879   753   3   30,525
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   201,525   63,180   35   281   30   265,051   196,402   57,997   5   -   -   254,404
Central Bank compulsory deposits   82,698   -   -   -   -   82,698   62,766   -   -   -   -   62,766
Held-for-trading financial assets   6,971   14,194   13,041   118,050   52,392   204,648   12,872   9,413   13,649   57,700   70,677   164,311
Financial assets held for trading and designated
    at fair value through profit or loss   -   -   1,191   -   -   1,191   -   -   -   642   -   642
Available-for-sale financial assets   5,994   10,539   7,103   38,969   25,672   88,277   3,903   7,106   11,914   35,098   28,024   86,045
Held-to-maturity financial assets   1,370   528   600   19,376   18,621   40,495   342   -   319   14,500   27,024   42,185
Derivatives   5,815   5,470   2,826   6,940   3,180   24,231   6,040   7,152   2,653   8,116   2,794   26,755
Loan and lease operations portfolio   72,184   120,745   66,994   162,938   67,505   490,366   70,838   118,535   65,602   161,186   58,087   474,248
Interest-bearing liabilities   325,241   90,652   111,907   287,433   62,298   877,531   290,908   98,129   74,635   316,852   72,968   853,492
Savings deposits   108,250   -   -   -   -   108,250   111,319   -   -   -   -   111,319
Time deposits   30,555   28,248   17,110   78,032   2,329   156,274   13,465   19,252   13,277   57,694   1,562   105,250
Interbank deposits   1,176   1,918   625   36   2   3,757   4,475   8,727   1,012   735   -   14,949
Deposits received under repurchase agreements   172,411   6,844   55,314   97,056   17,539   349,164   144,750   15,186   21,262   134,708   20,737   336,643
Interbank market   6,535   38,590   30,227   50,590   9,541   135,483   8,056   42,525   29,966   62,654   13,685   156,886
Institutional market   951   11,490   6,612   46,883   30,303   96,239   4,988   5,123   5,748   42,938   35,121   93,918
Derivatives   5,294   3,555   1,961   11,394   2,494   24,698   3,850   7,309   3,348   14,715   1,849   31,071
Financial liabilities held for trading   69   7   58   295   90   519   5   7   22   364   14   412
Liabilities for capitalization plans   -   -   -   3,147   -   3,147   -   -   -   3,044   -   3,044
Difference
    asset / liability (2)   64,602   128,680   (16,576   )   60,310   105,102   342,118   85,709   105,510   22,386   (38,857   )   113,641   288,389
Cumulative difference   64,602   193,282   176,706   237,016   342,118   85,709   191,219   213,605   174,748   288,389
Ratio of cumulative difference to total interest-bearing
    assets   5.3   %   15.8   %   14.5   %   19.4   %   28.1   %   7.5   %   16.7   %   18.7   %   15.3   %   25.3   %

(1)   Remaining contractual terms.

(2)   The difference arises from the mismatch between the maturities of all remunerated assets and
liabilities, at the respective period-end date, considering the contractually agreed terms.

F- 156

Position of accounts subject to currency risk

12/31/2016
Assets   Dollar   Chilean Peso   Other   Total
Cash and deposits on demand   6,719   1,581   3,164   11,464
Central Bank compulsory deposits   81   -   5,288   5,369
Interbank deposits   8,860   1,007   6,781   16,648
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   199   112   660   971
Financial assets held for trading   6,833   305   3,607   10,745
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   1,191   -   -   1,191
Derivatives   5,313   4,873   452   10,638
Available-for-sale financial assets   22,513   8,337   3,898   34,748
Held-to-maturity financial assets   12,519   -   540   13,059
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio, net   43,641   73,325   41,034   158,000
Total assets   107,869   89,540   65,424   262,833

12/31/2016
Liabilities   Dollar   Chilean Peso   Other   Total
Deposits   37,824   51,330   47,331   136,485
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   18,353   27   2,558   20,938
Financial liabilities held for trading   519   -   -   519
Derivatives   4,783   4,105   282   9,170
Interbank market debt   34,659   5,932   2,451   43,042
Institutional market debt   37,077   23,643   3,284   64,004
Total liabilities   133,215   85,037   55,906   274,158
Net position   (25,346   )   4,503   9,518   (11,325   )

12/31/2015
Assets   Dollar   Chilean Peso   Other   Total
Cash and deposits on demand   6,060   779   4,611   11,450
Central Bank compulsory deposits   234   503   6,435   7,172
Interbank deposits   16,281   2,093   4,649   23,023
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   1,966   56   87   2,109
Financial assets held for trading   6,125   73   907   7,105
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss   642   -   -   642
Derivatives   9,581   1,279   37   10,897
Available-for-sale financial assets   28,833   3,063   1,928   33,824
Held-to-maturity financial assets   14,807   -   -   14,807
Loan operations and lease operations portfolio, net   63,456   36,776   20,931   121,163
Total assets   147,985   44,622   39,585   232,192

12/31/2015
Liabilities   Dollar   Chilean Peso   Other   Total
Deposits   55,539   25,811   30,657   112,007
Securities sold under securities repurchase agreements   23,405   240   142   23,787
Financial liabilities held for trading   412   -   -   412
Derivatives   9,179   1,396   429   11,004
Interbank market debt   59,203   3,796   821   63,820
Institutional market debt   44,901   8,112   334   53,347
Total liabilities   192,639   39,355   32,383   264,377
Net position   (44,654   )   5,267   7,202   (32,185   )

The exposure to share price risk
is disclosed in Note 7 related to financial assets held for trading and Note 10, related to available-for-sale financial assets.

F- 157

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is defined as
the existence of imbalances between marketable assets and liabilities due – mismatching between payments and receipts - which
may affect payment capacity of ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING, taking into consideration the different currencies and payment terms
and their respective rights and obligations.

Policies and procedures

The management of liquidity
risks seeks to guarantee liquidity sufficient to support possible outflows in market stress situations, as well as the compatibility
between funding and the terms and liquidity of assets.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING
has a structure dedicated to improve the monitoring, control and analysis, through models of projections of the variables that
affect cash flows and the level of reserves in local and foreign currencies.

The document that details the
guidelines established by the internal policy on liquidity risk management, that is not part of the financial statements, may be
viewed on the website
www.itau.com.br/relacoes-com-investidores,
 in the section Corporate Governance/Rules and Policies
/ Public Access Report – Liquidity Risk.

The liquidity risk measurement
process makes use of corporate and own in-house developed application systems. ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING manages proprietary
IT systems to support the liquidity risk measurement process.

Additionally, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING establishes guidelines and limits. Compliance with these guidelines and limits is periodically analyzed in technical committees,
and their purpose is to provide an additional safety margin to the minimum projected needs. The liquidity management policies and
the respective limits are established based on prospective scenarios periodically reviewed and on the definitions of the top management.

These scenarios may be reviewed
in view of cash requirements resulting from atypical market situations or arising from strategic decisions of ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING.

In compliance with the requirements
of CMN Resolution No. 4,090 of May 24, 2012 and BACEN Circular N° 3,749 of March 5, 2015 , the Statement of Liquidity Risk
(DRL) is sent to BACEN on a monthly basis, and the following items for monitoring and supporting decisions are periodically prepared
and submitted to top management:

·   Different scenarios projected for changes
in liquidity;
·   Contingency plans for crisis situations;
·   Reports and charts that describe the risk
positions;
·   Assessment of funding costs and alternative
sources of funding;

·   Monitoring of changes in funding through
a constant control over sources of funding, considering the type of investor and maturities, among other factors;

In compliance with Circular
nº 3.724 of BACEN, banks holding total assets over R$ 100 billion are required, since October 2015, to report a standardized
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) ratio to the Central Bank of Brazil. This ratio is calculated based on a methodology defined by
the Central Bank of Brazil itself, and is in line with international of Basileia.

The summarized calculation
of the indicator is as follows. In 2016, the minimum indicator requirement is 70%. For more detail on the short-term liquidity
indicator, that is not part of the financial statements, visit
investor- relations
,
section
Corporate Governance
/ Risk and Capital Management – Pillar 3.

F- 158

Information on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)   4th quarter
    2016
Total Adjusted Amount (1)
Total high-quality liquid assets (2)   180,957
Total potential cash outflows (3)   85,018
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (%)   212.8   %

(1)	Corresponds to the amount calculated after the application
of weighting factors and limits established by BACEN Circular No. 3,749.

(2)	HQLA - High quality liquid assets:
balance in the stock, which in certain cases weighted by a discount factor, of assets that remain liquid in the markets during
a stress period, which can be easily converted into cash and that pose low risk.

(3)	Potential cash outflows calculated
in standardized stress, determined by Circular No. 3.749 (outflows), subtracted from (i) potential cash inflows calculated under
standardized stress, set forth by Circular No. 3,749 and (ii) 75% x Outflows, whichever is lower.

Primary sources of funding

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING has different
sources of funding, of which a significant portion is from the retail segment. Total funding from clients reached R$ 612.7 billion
(R$ 586.2 billion at 12/31/2015), particularly funding from time deposits. A considerable portion of these funds – 34.0%
of total, or R$ 207.4 billion – is available on demand to the client. However, the historical behavior of the accumulated
balance of the two largest items in this group – demand and savings deposits - is relatively consistent with the balances
increasing over time and inflows exceeding outflows for monthly average amounts.

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Funding from clients   0-30 days   Total   %   0-30 days   Total   %
Deposits   201,113   329,414   190,352   292,610
Demand deposits   61,133   61,133   10.0   61,092   61,092   10.4
Savings deposits   108,250   108,250   17.7   111,319   111,319   19.0
Time deposits   30,554   156,274   25.5   13,465   105,250   18.0
Other   1,176   3,757   0.6   4,476   14,949   2.6
Funds from acceptances and issuance of securities (1)   3,091   93,711   15.3   4,128   75,590   12.9
Funds from own issue (2)   2,561   132,149   21.6   2,863   152,215   25.9
Subordinated debt   628   57,420   9.4   4,722   65,785   11.2
Total   207,393   612,694   100.0   202,065   586,200   100

(1)	Includes mortgage notes, real
estate credit bills, agribusiness, financial and structured operations certificates recorded in interbank market and debts and
liabilities for issuance of debentures and foreign borrowing and securities recorded in funds from institutional markets.

(2)	Refer to deposits received under
securities repurchase agreements with securities from own issue.

Control over liquidity

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING manages its
liquidity reserves based on estimates of funds that will be available for investment, considering the continuity of business in
normal conditions.

During the period of 2016, ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING maintained appropriate levels of liquidity in Brazil and abroad. Liquid assets (cash and deposits on demand, securities
purchased under agreements to resell - funded position and government securities – available, detailed in the table Undiscounted
future flows – Financial assets) totaled R$ 177.5 billion and accounted for 84.2% of the short term redeemable obligations,
28.5% of total funding, and 19.0% of total assets.

The table below shows the indicators used by ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING in the management of liquidity risk:

Liquidity indicators   12/31/2016 %   12/31/2015 %
Net assets (1) / funds within 30 days (2)   84.2   77.5
Net assets (1) / total funds (3)   28.5   26.7
Net assets (1) / total assets (4)   19.0   18.1

(1)	Net
assets: Cash and deposits on demand, Securities purchased under agreements to resell – Funded position and Government securities
- available. Detailed in the table Undiscounted future flows – Financial assets.

(2)	Table Funding from clients (Total
Funding from clients 0-30 days).

(3)	Table funding from clients (Total
funding from clients).

(4)	Detailed in the table Undiscounted
future flows – Financial assets, total present value regards R$ 918,080 (R$ 863,180 at 12/31/2015).

F- 159

The following table presents assets and liabilities according
to their remaining contractual maturities, considering their undiscounted flows.

Undiscounted future flows except
    for derivatives   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Financial assets (1)   0 - 30 days   31 - 365 days   366 - 720 days   Over 720 days   Total   0 - 30 days   31 - 365 days   366 - 720 days   Over 720 days   Total
Cash and deposits on demand   18,542   -   -   -   18,542   18,544   -   -   -   18,544
Interbank investments   219,066   58,275   1,171   292   278,804   229,295   40,016   696   239   270,246
Securities
    purchased under agreements to resell – Funded position (2)   77,452   -   -   -   77,452   72,091   -   -   -   72,091
Securities purchased under agreements to resell
    – Financed position   128,303   49,749   -   -   178,052   133,315   33,742   -   -   167,057
Interbank deposits   13,311   8,526   1,171   292   23,300   23,889   6,274   696   239   31,098
Securities   82,163   16,757   12,415   74,479   185,814   71,124   15,485   11,017   78,774   176,400
Government securities - available   75,310   20   40   6,088   81,458   65,965   -   -   -   65,965
Government securities – subject to repurchase
    commitments   556   4,732   5,990   14,808   26,086   68   2,675   712   6,866   10,321
Private securities - available   6,297   11,728   5,424   47,866   71,315   5,091   12,681   10,305   71,908   99,985
Private securities – subject to repurchase
    commitments   -   277   961   5,717   6,955   -   129   -   -   129
Derivative financial instruments   5,815   8,296   3,159   6,961   24,231   5,955   7,685   3,430   6,289   23,359
Gross position   -   -   -   -   -   -   1   -   20   21
Cross Currency Swap Deliverable - Asset position   -   -   -   -   -   -   852   -   975   1,827
Cross Currency Swap Deliverable - Liability position   -   -   -   -   -   -   (851   )   -   (955   )   (1,806   )
Net position   5,815   8,296   3,159   6,961   24,231   5,955   7,684   3,430   6,269   23,338
Swaps   828   1,967   1,497   6,250   10,542   666   2,140   1,935   4,406   9,147
Option   354   2,881   1,397   160   4,792   2,413   2,000   692   478   5,583
Forward (onshore)   3,947   1,024   -   -   4,971   1,204   1,961   1   -   3,166
Other derivative financial instruments   686   2,424   265   551   3,926   1,672   1,583   802   1,385   5,442
Loan
    and lease operations portfolio (3)   61,602   176,002   81,224   211,908   530,736   63,263   171,813   86,118   187,619   508,813
Total financial assets   387,188   259,330   97,969   293,640   1,038,127   388,181   234,999   101,261   272,921   997,362

(1)	The assets portfolio does not
take into consideration the balance of compulsory deposits in Central Bank, amounting to R$ 85,700 (R$ 66,556 at 12/31/2015), which
release of funds is linked to the maturity of the liability portfolios. The amounts of PGBL and VGBL are not considered in the
assets portfolio because they are covered in Note 30.

(2)	Net of R$ 4,329 (R$ 9,461 at
12/31/2015) which securities are restricted to guarantee transactions at BM&FBOVESPA S.A. and the Central Bank of Brazil.

(3)	Net of payment to merchants of
R$ 43,837 (R$ 38,978 at 12/31/2015) and the amount of liabilities from transactions related to credit assignments R$ 5,711 (R$
5,495 at 12/31/2015) .

F- 160

Undiscounted future flows except
    for derivatives   12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Financial liabilities   0
    – 30 days   31
    – 365 days   366
    – 720 days   Over
    720 days   Total   0
    – 30 days   31
    – 365 days   366
    – 720 days   Over
    720 days   Total
Deposits   201,167   44,545   13,106   107,055   365,873   190,890   45,133   8,331   64,843   309,197
Demand deposits   61,133   -   -   -   61,133   61,092   -   -   -   61,092
Savings deposits   108,250   -   -   -   108,250   111,319   -   -   -   111,319
Time deposit   30,295   41,971   13,088   107,033   192,387   13,873   34,660   8,326   64,819   121,678
Interbank deposits   1,489   2,574   18   22   4,103   4,606   10,473   5   24   15,108
Compulsory deposits   (42,314   )   (13,885   )   (3,985   )   (25,516   )   (85,700   )   (40,807   )   (9,021   )   (2,043   )   (14,685   )   (66,556   )
Demand deposits   (8,092   )   -   -   -   (8,092   )   (10,224   )   -   -   -   (10,224   )
Savings deposits   (24,791   )   -   -   -   (24,791   )   (26,838   )   -   -   -   (26,838   )
Time deposit   (9,431   )   (13,885   )   (3,985   )   (25,516   )   (52,817   )   (3,745   )   (9,021   )   (2,043   )   (14,685   )   (29,494   )
Securities
    sold under repurchase agreements (1)   209,521   59,771   42,410   87,069   398,771   167,363   39,464   63,773   111,189   381,789
Government securities   168,301   5,600   5,764   33,812   213,477   139,530   5,315   2,588   29,937   177,370
Private securities   13,753   54,171   36,646   53,257   157,827   8,043   30,146   61,185   81,252   180,626
Foreign   27,467   -   -   -   27,467   19,790   4,003   -   -   23,793
Funds
    from acceptances and issuance of securities (2)   3,003   35,659   28,974   36,858   104,494   4,188   24,186   19,178   40,612   88,164
Borrowing
    and onlending (3)   5,077   46,527   11,000   20,943   83,547   5,902   58,159   24,116   25,672   113,849
Subordinated
    debt (4)   271   13,501   16,621   41,043   71,436   4,775   10,115   13,764   56,006   84,660
Derivative financial instruments   5,294   5,516   3,726   10,162   24,698   3,765   8,537   4,104   11,269   27,675
Gross position   -   -   -   -   -   1   11   -   4   16
Cross Currency Swap Deliverable - Asset position   -   -   -   -   -   (85   )   (1,269   )   -   (236   )   (1,590   )
Cross Currency Swap Deliverable - Liability position   -   -   -   -   -   86   1,280   -   240   1,606
Net position   5,294   5,516   3,726   10,162   24,698   3,764   8,526   4,104   11,265   27,659
Swaps   461   1,702   2,352   8,706   13,221   783   3,368   2,618   9,562   16,331
Option   837   1,888   1,116   711   4,552   1,460   3,025   805   493   5,783
Forward (onshore)   3,530   -   -   -   3,530   828   5   -   -   833
Other derivative financial
    instruments   466   1,926   258   745   3,395   693   2,128   681   1,210   4,712
Total financial liabilities   382,019   191,634   111,852   277,614   963,119   336,076   176,573   131,223   294,906   938,778

(1)	Includes own and third parties’
portfolios.

(2)	Includes mortgage notes, real
estate credit bills, agribusiness, financial bills and structured operations certificates recorded in interbank market funds and
liabilities for issuance of debentures and foreign securities recorded in funds from institutional markets.

(3)	Recorded in funds from interbank
markets.

(4)	Recorded in funds from institutional
markets.

F- 161

12/31/2016   12/31/2015
Off balance sheet   0
    – 30 days   31
    – 365 days   366
    – 720 days   Over
    720 days   Total   0
    – 30 days   31
    – 365 days   366
    – 720 days   Over
    720 days   Total
Endorsements and sureties   1,645   16,203   5,603   47,342   70,793   2,018   13,819   5,477   52,930   74,244
Commitments to be released   90,279   42,522   11,657   77,916   222,374   84,641   28,808   28,404   79,487   221,340
Letters of credit to be released   6,660   -   -   -   6,660   6,936   -   -   -   6,936
Contractual commitments - Fixed assets and
    Intangible (Notes 15 and 16)   -   310   -   -   310   -   340   -   -   340
Total   98,584   59,035   17,260   125,258   300,137   93,595   42,967   33,881   132,417   302,860

F- 162

Note 37 – Supplementary information

Citibank’s retail operations

On October 8, 2016, ITAÚ UNIBANCO
HOLDING S.A. entered, by means of its subsidiaries, into a share purchase and sale agreement with Banco Citibank S.A. and with
other companies of its conglomerate (Citibank) for the acquisition of the retail activities carried out by Citibank in Brazil,
including loans, deposits, credit cards, branches, assets under management and insurance brokerage, as well as the equity investments
held by Citibank in TECBAN – Tecnologia Bancária S.A. (representing 5.64% of its capital) and in Cibrasec –
Companhia Brasileira de Securitização (representing 3.60% of its capital), for R$ 710 million.

This operation will involve the corporate
restructuring of some companies of the Citibank conglomerate so that the retail business in Brazil is spun off and transferred
to the companies that will be the subject matter of the acquisition.

The effective acquisitions and financial
settlements will take place after compliance with some contractual conditions and the obtainments of the necessary regulatory authorizations.

This acquisition will not have accounting impacts on ITAÚ
UNIBANCO HOLDING's results.

F- 163

Attachments

Selected statistical information

The following information is included for
analytical purposes and should be read in together with our section Performance, item Financial Performance, Significant Accounting
Policies, Assets and Liabilities and Item Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS).

The data included or referenced in this section are presented
in accordance with IFRS, unless otherwise indicated.

Average balance sheet and interest rate data

The following table presents the average
balances of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, other assets and liabilities accounts, the related interest
income and expense amounts and the average real yield/rate for each period.

We calculated the average balances using
monthly book balances as we believe such balances are representative of our operations and it would be too costly to produce average
balances using daily book balances in IFRS.

The majority of our business is comprised
by operations with individuals and corporates, which have grown organically and without significant fluctuations over short periods.
Non-accrual loans and leases are disclosed as a non-interest earning asset for the periods indicated in the following table:

2016   2015   2014
Assets   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest-earning
    assets (1)   1,151,430   161,495   14.0   1,070,450   147,789   13.8   955,416   120,115   12.6
Interbank deposits   26,914   678   2.5   29,489   1,628   5.5   24,019   1,286   5.4
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   252,737   34,162   13.5   204,362   27,572   13.5   170,327   17,929   10.5
Central Bank compulsory deposits   72,031   6,920   9.6   63,418   5,748   9.1   69,882   5,904   8.4
Financial assets held for trading   179,035   23,669   13.2   152,687   19,826   13.0   134,695   15,128   11.2
Available-for-sale financial assets   87,678   11,160   12.7   82,744   8,979   10.9   78,559   7,272   9.3
Held-to-maturity financial assets   41,384   3,788   9.2   38,295   3,758   9.8   24,317   2,347   9.7
Loan operations and lease operations (accrual)   438,081   80,118   18.3   445,583   79,392   17.8   403,447   69,248   17.2
Other Financial Assets   53,570   1,000   1.9   53,871   886   1.6   50,170   1,001   2.0
Non-interest-earning assets   159,779   115,596   97,526
Cash and deposits on demand   21,204   19,159   17,038
Central Bank compulsory deposits   3,782   3,797   4,025
Derivatives   28,904   24,276   12,647
Non-accrual loans   21,487   18,559   17,040
Allowance for loan and lease losses   (28,902   )   (24,526   )   (21,655   )
Fixed assets, net   8,176   8,618   7,145
Investments in unconsolidated companies   4,790   4,219   3,964
Goodwill   6,286   2,011   1,798
Intangible assets, net   8,336   6,225   6,019
Tax assets   47,265   43,212   35,000
Assets held for sale   570   341   137
Other assets   37,881   9,706   14,369
Total   1,311,209   1,186,046   1,052,942

(1) For the net yield on total average interest-earning assets,
see "Net Interest Margin and Spread".

2016   2015   2014
Liabilities   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate   Average balance   Interest   Average yield/rate
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest-bearing liabilities   969,461   95,125   9.8   875,904   75,064   8.6   793,069   72,977   9.2
Interest-bearing deposits   244,121   14,701   6.0   236,315   13,587   5.7   233,999   12,064   5.2
Savings deposits   106,838   7,501   7.0   114,500   7,720   6.7   111,473   6,905   6.2
Deposits from banks and time deposits   137,283   7,200   5.2   121,815   5,867   4.8   122,527   5,159   4.2
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   339,416   45,932   13.5   297,509   32,879   11.1   266,527   26,771   10.0
Interbank market debt and Institutional market
    debt   240,563   16,596   6.9   219,463   15,999   7.3   183,981   25,099   13.6
Interbank market debt   144,968   8,347   5.8   134,637   7,970   5.9   113,522   14,404   12.7
Institutional market debt   95,595   8,249   8.6   84,826   8,030   9.5   70,459   10,695   15.2
Reserves for insurance and private pension and
    Liabilities for capitalization plans   144,387   17,790   12.3   121,856   12,557   10.3   107,880   8,987   8.3
Other interest-bearing liabilities   974   106   10.9   761   42   5.5   682   56   8.2
Non-interest bearing liabilities   214,024   203,376   169,247
Non-interest bearing deposits   61,895   54,148   43,840
Derivatives   29,752   29,488   13,107
Other non-interest-bearing liabilities   122,377   119,740   112,300
Total stockholders’ equity attributed to
    the owners of the parent company   117,844   105,034   89,458
Non-controlling interests   9,880   1,732   1,168
Total   1,311,209   1,186,046   1,052,942

Changes in interest income and expenses – volume and
rate analysis

The following table sets forth the allocation
of the changes in our interest income and expense in terms of average volume and changes in the average yields/rates for the periods
indicated below. Volume balance and rate variations have been

A- 165

calculated based on variations of average balances over the period
and changes in average interest yield/rates on interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities from one period to the
other.

Increase/(decrease) due to changes
    in:
2016-2015   2015-2014   2014-2013
Volume (1)   Yield/rate (2)   Net
    change (3)   Volume (1)   Yield/rate (2)   Net
    change (3)   Volume (1)   Yield/rate (2)   Net
    change (3)
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Interest-earning assets   10,158   3,547   13,706   15,027   12,647   27,674   9,533   16,455   25,988
Interbank deposits   (131   )   (819   )   (950   )   301   41   342   142   561   703
Securities purchased under agreements to resell   6,539   52   6,591   4,001   5,641   9,642   602   4,697   5,299
Central Bank compulsory deposits   813   358   1,171   (733   )   578   (156   )   550   1,041   1,590
Financial assets held for trading   3,477   366   3,843   2,166   2,532   4,698   (302   )   4,570   4,268
Available-for-sale financial assets   559   1,622   2,181   403   1,303   1,707   (417   )   2,623   2,206
Held-to-maturity financial assets   181   (151   )   30   1,371   40   1,411   1,909   (48   )   1,861
Loan and lease operations (accrual)   (1,275   )   2,000   726   7,434   2,710   10,144   6,973   2,729   9,702
Other Financial Assets   (5   )   119   114   83   (198   )   (115   )   77   282   359
Interest-bearing liabilities   9,342   10,719   20,060   11,420   (9,333   )   2,087   2,717   23,898   26,615
Interest-bearing deposits   446   669   1,114   276   1,247   1,523   1,030   1,231   2,261
Saving deposits   (572   )   354   (219   )   191   624   815   1,083   807   1,890
Interbank deposits   (138   )   659   521   485   (115   )   370   (43   )   435   392
Time deposits   1,156   (344   )   812   (400   )   738   338   (11   )   (11   )   (21   )
Securities sold under repurchase agreements   5,032   8,020   13,053   3,279   2,829   6,109   718   9,188   9,906
Interbank market debt and Institutional market
    debt   1,308   (711   )   596   6,595   (15,695   )   (9,100   )   568   8,315   8,883
Interbank market debt   586   (208   )   377   3,444   (9,878   )   (6,434   )   620   7,539   8,159
Institutional market debt   722   (503   )   219   3,151   (5,816   )   (2,666   )   (52   )   777   724
Reserves for insurance and private pension and
    Liabilities for capitalization   2,542   2,691   5,233   1,262   2,307   3,569   387   5,163   5,551
Other Interest-bearing liabilities   14   50   64   8   (22   )   (14   )   14   -   14

(1)	Volume change has been computed
as the change in the average interest-earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities from one period to the other multiplied by
the average yield/rate in the earlier period.

(2)	Yield/rate change has been computed
as the change in the yield/rate in the period multiplied by the average interest-earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities
in the earlier period.

(3)	We allocated the net change from
the combined effects of volume and yield/rate proportionately to volume change and yield/rate change, in absolute terms, without
considering positive and negative effects.

Net interest margin and spread

The following table sets forth our average interest-earning
assets, total average interest bearing liabilities, net interest income and the comparative net interest margin and net interest
spread for the periods indicated below.

2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Total average interest-earning assets   1,151,430   1,070,450   955,416
Total average interest-bearing liabilities   969,461   875,904   793,069
Net interest income (1)   66,370   72,725   47,139
Average yield on average interest-earning assets (2)   14.0   %   13.8   %   12.6   %
Average rate on average interest-bearing liabilities (3)   9.8   %   8.6   %   9.2   %
Net interest spread (4)   4.2   %   5.2   %   3.4   %
Net interest margin (5)   5.8   %   6.8   %   4.9   %

(1) Is
the sum of total interest income less total interest expense.

(2)	Total interest income divided
by total average interest-earning assets.

(3)	Total interest expense divided
by total average interest-bearing liabilities.

(4)	Difference between the average
yield on interest-earning assets and the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities.

(5)	Net interest income divided by
total average interest-earning assets.

Return on equity and assets

The following table sets forth certain data with respect to
return on equity and assets for the periods indicated below.

2016   2015   2014
(In millions of R$, except percentages)
Net income attributable to owners of the parent company   23,263   25,740   21,555
Average total assets   1,311,210   1,186,046   1,052,942
Average stockholders' equity   117,844   105,034   89,458
Net income as a percentage of average total assets (1)   1.8   %   2.2   %   2.0   %
Net income as a percentage of average stockholder's equity (1)   20.1   %   24.8   %   24.3   %
Average stockholder's equity as a percentage of average total assets   9.0   %   8.9   %   8.5   %
Dividend payout ratio per share (2)   44.6   %   28.9   %   31.1   %

(1) Attributable
to owners of the parent company.

(2)	Dividend and interest on stockholders’ equity
per share divided by basic earnings per share. Please refer to section Our profile, item In numbers, Selected Financial Data for
additional information on the computation of both dividend and interest on shareholders’ equity and basic earnings per share.

Exchange rates

Currently, the Brazilian foreign exchange system allows the
purchase and sale of foreign currency and the performance of international transfers in
reais
 by any individual or legal
entity, subject to certain regulatory procedures.

A- 166

The Brazilian government may impose temporary
restrictions on the conversion of Brazilian currency into foreign currencies and on the remittance to foreign investors of proceeds
from their investments in Brazil. Brazilian law allows the government to impose these restrictions whenever there is a serious
imbalance in Brazil’s balance of payments or there are reasons to foresee a serious imbalance. We cannot predict whether
the Brazilian government will impose remittance restrictions in the future. The
real
 may depreciate or appreciate substantially
against the U.S. dollar in the future.

Please refer to section Our risk management,
item Risk factors, Macroeconomic risks, item Instability of foreign exchange rates may negatively affect us, for further details.

As of April 18, 2017, the U.S. dollar-real
exchange rate (PTAX) was R$3.0958 to U$1.00.

The following table sets forth information
on the selling rate for U.S. dollars and euro as reported by the Central Bank for the periods and dates indicated.

Exchange Rate of Brazilian Currency per US$1.00   Exchange Rate of Brazilian Currency per €1.00
Year   Low   High   Average (1)   Year-End   Low   High   Average (1)   Year-End
2012   1.7024   2.1121   1.9588   2.0435   2.2465   2.7633   2.5277   2.6954
2013   1.9528   2.4457   2.1741   2.3426   2.5347   3.2682   2.8947   3.2265
2014   2.1974   2.7403   2.3599   2.6562   2.8900   3.4320   3.1113   3.2270
2015   2.5754   4.1949   3.3876   3.9048   2.9080   4.7209   3.7358   4.2504
2016   3.1193   4.1558   3.4500   3.2591   3.3879   4.5032   3.8043   3.4384
2017 (through April 18, 2017)   3.0510   3.2729   3.1226   3.0958   3.2455   3.4424   3.3388   3.3144

Source:  Economatica System.

(1)   Represents the average of the exchange rates on the last
day of each month during the relevant period.

Exchange Rate of Brazilian Currency per US$1.00   Exchange Rate of Brazilian Currency per €1.00
Month   Low   High   Average (1)   Month-End   Low   High   Average (1)   Month-End
October 2016   3.1193   3.2359   3.1858   3.1811   3.3879   3.6251   3.5106   3.4811
November 2016   3.2024   3.4446   3.3420   3.3967   3.5326   3.7392   3.6000   3.6002
December 2016   3.2591   3.4650   3.3523   3.2591   3.4042   3.7127   3.5333   3.4384
January 2017   3.1270   3.2729   3.1966   3.1270   3.3383   3.4424   3.3944   3.3759
February 2017   3.0510   3.1479   3.1042   3.0993   3.2455   3.3846   3.3060   3.2753
March 2017   3.0765   3.1735   3.1279   3.1684   3.2723   3.4013   3.3447   3.3896
April 2017 (through April 18, 2017)   3.0923   3.1463   3.1213   3.0958   3.2967   3.3392   3.3222   3.3144

Source:  Economatica System.

(1)   Represents the average of the closing exchange rates
of each day during the relevant period.

Considerations for ADS holders

Risks related to our ADSs

Before investing in our shares and ADSs,
it is important for the investor to know that, in addition to the risks related to our business, which may impact the value of
our securities and our ability to perform certain obligations, including the payment of dividends and interest in equity, the investor
will be exposed to additional risks, as described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we
currently deem to be immaterial, may also become important factors that affect us and/or ADS holders.

The relative price volatility and limited
liquidity of the Brazilian capital markets may significantly limit the ability of our investors to sell the preferred shares underlying
our ADSs, at the price and time they desire

The investment in securities traded in
emerging markets frequently involves a risk higher than an investment in securities of issuers from the United States or other
developed countries, and these investments are generally considered more speculative. The Brazilian securities market is smaller,
less liquid, more concentrated and can be more volatile than markets in the United States and other countries. Thus, an investor’s
ability to sell preferred shares underlying ADSs at the price and time the investor desires may be substantially limited.

The preferred shares underlying our ADSs do not have voting
rights, except in specific circumstances.

Pursuant to our Bylaws, the holders of
preferred shares and therefore of our ADSs are not entitled to vote in our general stockholders’ meetings, except in specific
circumstances. Even in such circumstances, ADS holders may be subject to practical restrictions on their ability to exercise their
voting rights due to additional operational steps involved in communicating with these stockholders, as mentioned below.

According to the provisions of the ADSs
deposit agreement, in the event of a general stockholders’ meeting, we will provide notice to the depositary bank, which
will, to the extent practicable, send such notice to ADS holders and instructions on how such holders can participate in such general
stockholders’ meeting, and ADS holders should instruct the depositary bank on how to vote in order to exercise their voting
rights. This additional step of instructing the ADS depositary bank may make the process for exercising voting rights longer for
ADS holders.

A- 167

Holders of ADSs may be unable to exercise preemptive rights
with respect to our preferred shares

We may not be able to offer the U.S. holders
of our ADSs preemptive rights granted to holders of our preferred shares in the event of an increase of our share capital by issuing
preferred shares unless a registration statement relating to such preemptive rights and our preferred shares is effective or an
exemption from such registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. As we are not obligated to file a registration
statement relating to preemptive rights with respect to our preferred shares, we cannot assure that preemptive rights will be offered
to you. In the event such registration statement is not filed or if the exemption from registration is not available, the U.S.
holders of our ADSs may not receive any value from the granting of such preemptive rights.

The surrender of ADSs may cause the
loss of the ability to remit foreign currency abroad and of certain Brazilian tax advantages

While ADS holders benefit from the electronic
certificate of foreign capital registration obtained in Brazil by the custodian for our preferred shares underlying the ADSs, which
permits the depositary bank to convert dividends and other distributions with respect to the preferred shares underlying the ADSs
into foreign currency and remit the proceeds abroad, the availability and requirements of such electronic certificate may be adversely
affected by future legislative changes.

If an ADS holder surrenders the ADSs and,
consequently, receives preferred shares underlying the ADSs, such holder will have to register its investment in the preferred
shares with the Central Bank of Brazil either as (i) a Foreign Direct Investment, subject to Law No. 4131/62, which will require
an electronic certificate of foreign capital registration, the Electronic Declaratory Registration of Foreign Direct Investment
(RDE-IED), or (ii) as a Foreign Investment in Portfolio, subject to Resolution CMN No. 4373/14, which among other requirements,
requires the appointment of a financial institution in Brazil as the custodian of the preferred shares and legal representative
of the foreign investor in the Electronic Declaratory Registration of Portfolio (RDE – Portfolio). The failure to register
the investment in the preferred shares as foreign investment under one of the regimes mentioned above (Eg. RDE – IED or RDE
– Portfolio) will impact the ability of the holder to dispose of the preferred shares and to receive dividends. Moreover,
upon receipt of the preferred shares underlying the ADSs, Brazilian regulations require the investor to enter into corresponding
exchange rate transactions and pay taxes on these exchange rate transactions, as applicable. The tax treatment for the remittance
of dividends and distributions on, and the proceeds from any sale of, our preferred shares is less favorable in case a holder of
preferred shares obtains the RDE-IED instead of the RDE-Portfolio. In addition, if a holder of preferred shares attempts to obtain
an electronic certificate of foreign capital registration, such holder may incur expenses or suffer delays in the application process,
which could impact the investor’s ability to receive dividends or distributions relating to our preferred shares or the return
of capital on a timely manner.

The holders of ADSs have rights that
differ from those of stockholders of companies organized under the laws of the United States or other countries

Our corporate affairs are governed by our
Bylaws and Brazilian Corporate Law, which may have legal principles that differ from those that would apply if we were incorporated
in the United States or in another country. Under Brazilian Corporate Law, the holders of ADSs and the holders of our preferred
shares may have different rights with respect to the protection of investor interests, including remedies available to investors
in relation to any actions taken by our Board of Directors or the holders of our common shares, which may be different from what
is provided in U.S. law or the law of another country.

Taxation for ADS holders

This summary is based upon tax laws of
Brazil and the United States in effect as of the date hereof, and contains a description of the main Brazilian and U.S. federal
income tax considerations regarding the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our preferred shares or ADSs, but it does not
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to these matters, considering that
laws are subject to change and to differing interpretations (possibly with retroactive effect). Although there is no income tax
treaty between Brazil and the United States in place, the tax authorities of the two countries have agreed in applicable provisions
of reciprocal tax treatment as to compensation of tax withheld at the source country in the residence country. No assurance can
be given, however, as to whether or when a treaty will enter into force or how it will affect a U.S. Holder (as defined below)
of our preferred shares or ADSs.

Prospective purchasers of our preferred
shares or ADSs should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of
our preferred shares and ADSs, including, in particular, the effect of any non-U.S., non-resident, state or local tax laws.

Brazilian tax considerations

The following discussion summarizes the
main Brazilian tax consequences related to the acquisition, ownership and disposition by Non-Resident Holders of our ADSs.

Non-resident holders resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions

In accordance with Brazilian law, as regulated
by Article 1 of Normative Rulling No. 1,037 of June 4
th
, 2010, as amended, a “tax haven” is defined as a
country or location: (a) that does not impose any income tax or where the maximum income tax rate is 20% , or 17% as further detailed
below; or (b) where the local legislation imposes restrictions on disclosure regarding

A- 168

shareholder composition or investment
ownership. A list of current tax haven jurisdictions has been published per such Normative Rulling. Non-Resident Holders resident
or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions may be subject to withholding tax in Brazil at higher rates than Non-Resident Holders
not resident or domiciled in tax havens, as described below.

Additionally, on June 24, 2008, Law No.
11,727 introduced the concept of “privileged tax regime,” which is defined as a tax regime that (i) does not tax income
or taxes it at a maximum rate lower than 20%; (ii) grants tax benefits to non-resident entities or individuals (a) without the
requirement to carry out substantial economic activity in the country or dependency or (b) contingent to the non-exercise of substantial
economic activity in the country or dependency; (iii) does not tax or that taxes income generated abroad at a maximum rate of lower
than 20%; or (iv) does not provide access to information related to shareholding composition, ownership of assets and rights or
economic transactions carried out.

On November 28, 2014, the Brazilian tax
authorities issued Ordinance No. 488, which decreased these minimum thresholds from 20% to 17% in certain cases. Under Ordinance
No. 488, the 17% threshold applies only to countries and regimes aligned with international standards of fiscal transparency, in
accordance with rules to be established by the Brazilian tax authorities.

Notwithstanding the above, we recommend
that you consult your own tax advisors regarding the consequences of the implementation of Law No. 11,727, Normative Ruling No.
1,037 and of any related Brazilian tax law or regulation concerning tax havens and privileged tax regimes.

Taxation of dividends

Payment of dividends derived from profits
generated after January 1, 1996, including dividends paid in kind, are not subject to withholding tax in Brazil. Payment of dividends
derived from profits generated before January 1
st
, 1996 may be subject to Brazilian withholding tax at varying rates,
according to the year when the profits have been generated.

Taxation of interest on net equity

Law No. 9,249, dated December 26, 1995,
as amended, allows a Brazilian corporation, such as ourselves, to also make payments of interest on net equity in addition to dividend
distributions. Please refer to
section Our risk management, item

Regulatory environment, Taxation
for further information.
Currently, payments of interest on net equity are subject to

withholding tax at a general rate of 15%, or 25% in the case
of a Non-Resident Holder that is resident or domiciled in a tax haven jurisdiction.

Taxation of gains

(a) Sales or other dispositions of ADSs

Arguably, gains realized outside
Brazil by a Non-Resident Holder from the sale or other disposition of ADSs to another Non-Resident Holder are not subject to
Brazilian taxation. However, according to Law No. 10,833, dated December 29, 2003, as amended, the disposition of assets
located in Brazil by a Non-Resident Holder may be subject to Brazilian withholding tax at a 15% flat rate or progressive rate
may vary from 15% to 22.5% depending on the kind of investment made into Brazil and the location where the Non-Resident
Holder is resident or domiciled (also, a 25% rate may apply if the foreign beneficiary is resident or domiciled in a
jurisdiction deemed to be a tax haven for Brazilian tax purposes).

Although the referred Law is not completely
clear with respect to what is considered to be an asset located in Brazil, ADSs generally should not be considered to be assets
located in Brazil for purposes of such Law because they represent securities issued and negotiated in an offshore exchange market.
It is important to note that even if ADSs were considered to be assets located in Brazil, Non-Resident Holders not resident or
domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions may still apply for exemption from capital gains tax according to Article 81 of Law No. 8,981,
dated January 20, 1995, as amended.

(b) Conversion of our preferred shares into ADSs

The deposit by a Non-Resident Holder of
our preferred shares with the depositary for conversion into ADSs may be subject to Brazilian capital gains tax, if such Non-Resident
Holder is resident or domiciled in a tax haven jurisdiction or if such preferred shares have not been registered under the Central
Bank according to CMN Resolution No. 4.373, dated September 29, 2014, effective as of March 30, 2015 (former CMN Resolution No.
2,689, dated January 26, 2000, and CMN Resolution No. 1,927, dated May 18, 1992), as amended. In those cases, the difference between
the acquisition cost of such preferred shares or the amount otherwise previously registered under the Central Bank and the average
price of such preferred shares, according to the mentioned CMN Resolution No. 4,373/14), may be considered taxable capital gain,
and may be subject to income tax. Please refer to section Our risk management, item Regulatory environment, Funds of foreign investors,
for further details. Non-Resident Holders that are resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions may be subject to capital gain
tax at a 25% rate on sale or transfer of shares out of the financial markets upon such a conversion. On the other hand, when Non-Resident
Holders that are not resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions deposit preferred shares registered according to CMN Resolution
No. 4,373/14 in exchange for ADSs, such deposit should not be subject to capital gain tax.

(c) Sales or other dispositions of our preferred shares

A- 169

Non-Resident Holders not resident or domiciled
in tax haven jurisdictions that register their portfolio according to CMN Resolution No. 4,373/14 benefit from a special tax treatment
according to which any capital gain arising from the sale of securities within Brazilian stock exchanges is exempt from income
tax. On the other hand, sale of shares not registered according to CMN Resolution No. 4,373/14 or made outside of Brazilian stock
exchanges is generally subject to 15% capital gain tax.

Such special treatment is not applicable
to Non-Resident Holders resident or domiciled in tax haven jurisdictions, who are subject to general taxation rules applicable
to Brazilian residents on the sale of their investments in the financial markets, including stock exchanges and over-the-counter
markets. The taxation rate is then generally of 15%. If such Non-Resident Holders sell shares outside of the financial markets,
the income taxation rate will instead be of 25%. Any exercise of preemptive rights related to our preferred shares (and in connection
with the ADS program) will not be subject to Brazilian taxation. The gains from the sale or assignment of preemptive rights will
be subject to the Brazilian income tax according to the same rules applicable to disposition of shares or ADSs.

Tax on financial transactions IOF/Exchange (IOF/FX) and IOF/Securities

According to Decree No. 6,306/2007, and
further amendments, Tax on Financial Transactions may levy some foreign exchange transactions. Please refer to
section Our risk
management, item Regulatory environment, Taxation
, for further details about Tax on financial transactions.

The acquisition of ADSs is not subject
to IOF tax. As of December 24, 2013, pursuant to Decree No. 8,165, the IOF/Securities tax levied on the assignment of shares traded
in the Brazilian stock exchange market in order to permit the issuance of depositary receipts to be negotiated overseas has been
reduced to 0% rate.

Other Brazilian taxes

There are no Brazilian inheritance, gift
or succession taxes applicable to the transfer of ownership or title (ownership without beneficial interest) of our preferred shares
or ADSs or the vesting of free beneficial interest of such shares or ADSs outside Brazil by a Non-Resident Holder, except for gift,
inheritance and legacy taxes that are levied by some states of Brazil if bestowed in such states of Brazil or abroad when the receiver
is resident or domiciled in these states of Brazil. There are no Brazilian stamp, issue, registration, or similar taxes or duties
payable to Non-Resident Holders of our preferred shares or ADSs.

INVESTORS ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO CONSULT
THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO BRAZILIAN. FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION
OF OUR PREFERRED SHARES OR ADSs IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, AS WELL AS THE EFFECT OF ANY NON-BRAZILIAN TAX LAWS.

U.S. federal income tax considerations

The following is a general
discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of our
preferred shares or ADSs by U.S. Holders (as defined below) who hold such preferred shares or ADSs as capital assets within
the meaning of section 1221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). This discussion
does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to specific U.S. Holders in light of
their particular circumstances or to U.S. Holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law, such as
banks, insurance companies, retirement plans, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, dealers in
securities, brokers, tax-exempt entities, certain former citizens or residents of the United States, U.S. Holders that hold
our preferred shares or ADSs as part of a “straddle,” “hedging,” “conversion” or other
integrated transaction, U.S. Holders that mark their securities to market for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders
that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar, U.S. Holders that own (or are deemed to own) 10% or more (by
voting power) of our shares or U.S. Holders that receive our preferred shares or ADSs as compensation. In addition, this
discussion does not address the effect of any U.S. state, local or non-U.S. tax considerations or any U.S. estate, gift or
alternative minimum tax considerations. This discussion is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated or
proposed thereunder and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of
which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, or subject to differing interpretations. This discussion also
assumes that each obligation in the deposit agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with
its terms.

For purposes of this discussion, the term
“U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of our preferred shares or ADSs that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
(i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or organized in or under the laws
of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal
income tax regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust (x) with respect to which a court within the United States is able to exercise
primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions
or (y) that has in effect a valid election under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.

A- 170

If an entity treated as a partnership for
U.S. federal income tax purposes invests in our preferred shares or ADSs, the U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to
such investment will depend in part upon the status and activities of such entity and the particular partner. Any such entity should
consult its own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to it and its partners relating to
the purchase, ownership and disposition of such preferred shares or ADSs.

INVESTORS ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO CONSULT
THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION
OF OUR PREFERRED SHARES OR ADSs IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, AS WELL AS THE EFFECT OF ANY NON-U.S. TAX LAWS.

Except where specifically described below,
this discussion assumes that we are not and will not be a passive foreign investment company (a PFIC), for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Please see the discussion under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations” below.

Treatment of ADSs

A U.S. Holder of ADSs generally will be
treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the owner of such U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in our preferred shares
held by the depositary (or its custodian) that are represented and evidenced by such ADSs. Accordingly, any deposit or withdrawal
of our preferred shares in exchange for ADSs generally will not result in the realization of gain or loss to such U.S. Holder for
U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Distributions

A U.S. Holder that receives a
distribution with respect to our preferred shares (whether held through ADSs or directly), including payments of interest on
net equity as described above under “– Brazilian Tax Considerations – Taxation of Interest on Net
Equity,” generally will be required to include the amount of such distribution (without reduction for any Brazilian
withholding tax with respect thereto) in gross income as a dividend to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and
profits (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) on the date such U.S. Holder (or the depositary, in the case of
ADSs) actually or constructively receives such distribution, and will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction
allowed to corporations. A distribution on our preferred shares (whether held through ADSs or directly) in excess of current
and accumulated earnings and profits generally will be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of such
U.S. Holder’s basis in such preferred shares or ADSs, as the case may be, and thereafter as gain from the sale or
exchange of such preferred shares or ADSs (which will be treated in the same manner described below under “Sale,
Exchange or Other Disposition of Preferred Shares or ADSs”). We have not maintained and do not plan to maintain
calculations of earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. Holder may need to include the
entire amount of any such distribution in income as a dividend.

The U.S. dollar value of any distribution
on our preferred shares made in Brazilian
reais
 generally should be calculated by reference to the exchange rate between
the U.S. dollar and the Brazilian
real
 in effect on the date of receipt of such distribution by the U.S. Holder (or the
depositary, in the case of ADSs), regardless of whether the
reais
 so received are in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Such
U.S. Holder generally will have a basis in such
reais
 equal to the U.S. dollar value of such
reais
 on the date of
receipt. Any gain or loss on a subsequent conversion or other disposition of such
reais
 by such U.S. Holder generally will
be treated as ordinary income or loss and generally will be income or loss from sources within the United States.

Distributions treated as dividends that
are received by certain non-corporate U.S. persons (including individuals) in respect of shares of a non-U.S. corporation (other
than a corporation that is, in the taxable year during which the distributions are made or the preceding taxable year, a PFIC)
that is readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States generally qualify for a 20% reduced maximum tax
rate (and potentially additional tax discussed below under “Medicare Tax”) so long as certain holding period and other
requirements are met. Since the ADSs will be listed on the NYSE, unless we are treated as a PFIC with respect to a U.S. Holder,
dividends received by such a U.S. Holder in respect of the ADSs should qualify for the reduced rate. Based on existing guidance,
it is not entirely clear whether dividends received by such a U.S. Holder of our preferred shares in respect of such shares will
qualify for the reduced rate, because our preferred shares are not themselves listed on a United States exchange. Special rules
apply for purposes of determining the recipient’s investment income (which may limit deductions for investment interest)
and foreign income (which may affect the amount of U.S. foreign tax credit) and to certain extraordinary dividends. Each U.S. Holder
that is a non-corporate taxpayer should consult its own tax advisor regarding the possible applicability of the reduced tax rate
and the related restrictions and special rules.

Sale, exchange or other Disposition of Preferred Shares or
ADSs

Upon a sale, exchange or other disposition
of our preferred shares or ADSs, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an
amount equal to the difference, if any, between the amount realized on such sale, exchange or other disposition and such U.S. Holder’s
adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs. Any gain or loss so recognized generally will be long-term capital gain or
loss if such U.S. Holder has held such preferred shares or ADSs for more than one year at the time of such sale, exchange or other
disposition. Certain non-corporate U.S. Holders are entitled to

A- 171

preferential treatment for net long-term capital gains. The ability
of a U.S. Holder to offset capital losses against ordinary income is limited.

A U.S. Holder that receives Brazilian
reais

from the sale, exchange or other disposition of our preferred shares generally will realize an amount equal to the U.S. dollar
value of such
reais
 on the settlement date of such sale, exchange or other disposition if (i) such U.S. Holder is a cash
basis or electing accrual basis taxpayer and our preferred shares are treated as being “traded on an established securities
market” or (ii) such settlement date is also the date of such sale, exchange or other disposition. Such U.S. Holder generally
will have a basis in such
reais
 equal to the U.S. dollar value of such
reais
 on the settlement date. Any gain or
loss on a subsequent conversion or other disposition of such
reais
 by such U.S. Holder generally will be treated as ordinary
income or loss and generally will be income or loss from sources within the United States. Each U.S. Holder should consult its
own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of receiving
reais
 from the sale, exchange or other disposition
of our preferred shares in cases not described in the first sentence of this paragraph.

Foreign tax credit considerations

Distributions on our preferred shares (whether
held through ADSs or directly), including payments of interest on net equity as described above under “– Brazilian
Tax Considerations – Taxation of Interest on Net Equity,” that are treated as dividends, before reduction for any Brazilian
withholding taxes with respect thereto, will generally be included in the gross income of a U.S. Holder. Thus, such U.S. Holder
may be required to report income for such purposes in an amount greater than the actual amount such U.S. Holder receives in cash.
Distributions treated as dividends generally will constitute income from sources outside the United States and generally will be
categorized for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes as “passive category income” or, in the case of some U.S. Holders,
as “general category income.” Subject to applicable limitations and holding period requirements, a U.S. Holder may
be eligible to elect to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit against its U.S. federal income tax liability for any such Brazilian withholding
taxes. Under current law, gain resulting from a sale or other disposal of our preferred shares or ADSs may be subject to Brazilian
income or withholding taxes. A U.S. Holder’s use of a foreign tax credit with respect to any such Brazilian income or withholding
taxes could be limited, as such gain generally will constitute income from sources within the United States. A U.S. Holder that
does not claim a U.S. foreign tax credit generally may instead claim a deduction for any such Brazilian taxes, but only for a taxable
year in which such U.S. Holder elects to do so with respect to all non-U.S. income taxes paid or accrued by such U.S. Holder in
such taxable year. Foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will constitute income from sources within the United States.
The rules relating to foreign tax credits are complex, and each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application
of such rules.

Passive foreign investment company considerations

Special U.S. federal income tax rules apply
to U.S. persons owning shares of a PFIC. A non-U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income
tax purposes in any taxable year in which, after applying relevant look-through rules with respect to the income and assets of
certain subsidiaries, either: at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income”, or on average at least 50% of the
gross value of its assets is attributable to assets that produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income.

For this purpose, passive income generally
includes, among other things, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, gains from the disposition of passive assets and gains from
commodities transactions.

The application of the PFIC rules to banks
is unclear under present U.S. federal income tax law. Banks generally derive a substantial part of their income from assets that
are interest bearing or that otherwise could be considered passive under the PFIC rules. The United States Internal Revenue Service
( IRS), has issued a notice, and has proposed regulations, that exclude from passive income any income derived in the active conduct
of a banking business by a qualifying foreign bank, also known as the Active Bank Exception. The IRS notice and proposed regulations
have different requirements for qualifying as a foreign bank, and for determining the banking income that may be excluded from
passive income under the Active Bank Exception. Moreover, the proposed regulations have been outstanding since 1994 and will not
be effective unless finalized.

Based on estimates of our current and projected
gross income and gross assets, we do not believe that we will be classified as a PFIC for our current or future taxable years.
The determination of whether we are a PFIC, however, is made annually and is based upon the composition of our income and assets
(including income and assets of entities in which we hold at least a 25% interest), and the nature of our activities (including
our ability to qualify for the Active Bank Exception).

Because final regulations have not been
issued and because the notice and the proposed regulations are inconsistent, our status under the PFIC rules is subject to considerable
uncertainty. While we conduct, and intend to continue to conduct, a significant banking business, there can be no assurance that
we will satisfy the specific requirements for the Active Bank Exception under either the IRS notice or the proposed regulations.
Accordingly, U.S. Holders could be subject to U.S. federal income tax under the rules described below.

If we are treated as a PFIC for any taxable
year during which a U.S. Holder owns our preferred shares or ADSs, any gain realized on a sale or other taxable disposition of
such preferred shares or ADSs and certain “excess distributions” (generally distributions in excess of 125% of the
average distribution over the prior three-year period, or if shorter, the holding period for such preferred shares or ADSs) will
be treated as ordinary income and will be subject to tax as if (i) the excess distribution or gain had been realized ratably over
the U.S. Holder’s holding period for such preferred shares or ADSs, (ii) the amount deemed realized in each year had been
subject to tax in each such year at the highest marginal rate for such year (other than

A- 172

 income allocated to the current period
or any taxable period before we became a PFIC, which would be subject to tax at such U.S. Holder’s regular ordinary income
rate for the current year and would not be subject to the interest charge discussed below), and (iii) the interest charge generally
applicable to underpayments of tax had been imposed on the taxes deemed to have been payable in those years.

We do not expect to provide information that would allow U.S.
Holders to avoid the foregoing consequences by making a “qualified electing fund” election.

If we are treated as a PFIC and, at any
time, we invest in non-U.S. corporations that are classified as PFICs (“Subsidiary PFICs”), U.S. Holders generally
will be deemed to own, and also would be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to, their indirect ownership interest in any such
Subsidiary PFIC. If we are treated as a PFIC, a U.S. Holder could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described
above if either (i) we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, any such Subsidiary PFIC or (ii)
such U.S. Holder disposes of all or part of our preferred shares or ADSs.

A U.S. holder of shares in a PFIC (but
possibly not a Subsidiary PFIC, as discussed below) may make a “mark-to-market” election, provided the PFIC shares
are “marketable stock” as defined under applicable Treasury regulations (i.e., “regularly traded” on a
“qualified exchange or other market”). Under applicable Treasury regulations, a “qualified exchange or other
market” includes (i) a national securities exchange that is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or
the national market system established under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”),
or (ii) a foreign securities exchange that is regulated or supervised by a governmental authority of the country in which the market
is located and meets certain trading, listing, financial disclosure and other requirements set forth in applicable Treasury regulations.
The ADSs are traded on the NYSE and the preferred shares are traded on the BM&FBovespa. The NYSE constitutes a qualified exchange
or other market. Although the IRS has not addressed whether the BM&FBovespa meets the requirements to be treated as a qualified
exchange or other market, we believe that the BM&FBovespa should be so treated. PFIC shares traded on a qualified exchange
or other market are regularly traded on such exchange or other market for any calendar year during which such shares are traded,
other than in
de minimis
 quantities, on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter. We cannot assure U.S. Holders that
our preferred shares or ADSs will be treated as “marketable stock” for any taxable year.

The tax consequences that would apply if
we were a PFIC would be different from those described above if a “mark-to-market” election is available and a U.S.
Holder validly makes such an election as of the beginning of such U.S. Holder’s holding period. If such an election were
made, such U.S. Holder generally would (i) include in gross income, entirely as ordinary income, an amount equal to the excess,
if any, of the fair market value of our preferred shares or ADSs as of the close of each taxable year and such U.S. Holder’s
adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs, and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss the excess, if any, of such U.S. Holder’s
adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs over the fair market value of such preferred shares or ADSs at the end of the
taxable year, but only to the extent of the net amount previously included in gross income as a result of the mark-to-market election.
Any gain from a sale, exchange or other disposition of our preferred shares or ADSs in a taxable year in which we were a PFIC would
be treated as ordinary income, and any loss from such sale, exchange or other disposition would be treated first as ordinary loss
(to the extent of any net mark-to-market gains previously included in income) and thereafter as capital loss. A U.S. Holder’s
adjusted tax basis in such preferred shares or ADSs would increase or decrease by the amount of the gain or loss taken into account
under the mark-to-market regime. Even if a U.S. Holder is eligible to make a mark-to-market election with respect to our preferred
shares or ADSs, however, it is not clear whether or how such election would apply with respect to the shares of any Subsidiary
PFIC that such U.S. Holder is treated as owning, because such Subsidiary PFIC shares might not be marketable stock. The mark-to-market
election is made with respect to marketable stock in a PFIC on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can only be revoked
with the consent of the IRS. Special rules would apply if the mark-to-market election is not made for the first taxable year in
which a U.S. Holder owns any equity interest in us while we are a PFIC.

A U.S. Holder who owns our preferred shares
or ADSs during any taxable year that we are treated as a PFIC generally would be required to file an information return with respect
to us and any Subsidiary PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds a direct or indirect interest. U.S. Holders should consult their own
tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to our preferred shares or ADSs and the availability and advisability
of making a mark-to-market election should we be considered a PFIC for any taxable year.

Medicare tax

In addition to regular U.S. federal income
tax, certain U.S. Holders that are individuals, estates or trusts are subject to a 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net
investment income,” which may include all or a portion of their income arising from a distribution with respect to a preferred
share or ADS and net gain from the sale, exchange or other disposition of a preferred share or ADS.

Backup withholding and information reporting

Backup withholding and information reporting
requirements generally apply to certain U.S. Holders with respect to payments made on or proceeds from the sale, exchange or other
disposition of our preferred shares or ADSs. A U.S. Holder not otherwise exempt from backup withholding generally can avoid backup
withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-9. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under
the backup withholding rules generally will be allowed as a

A- 173

refund or a credit against the U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income
tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished by the U.S. Holder to the IRS.

Disclosure requirements for specified foreign financial assets

Individual U.S. Holders (and certain U.S.
entities specified in U.S. Treasury Department guidance) who, during any taxable year, hold any interest in any “specified
foreign financial asset” generally will be required to file with their U.S. federal income tax returns certain information
on IRS Form 8938 if the aggregate value of all such assets exceeds certain specified amounts. “Specified foreign financial
asset” generally includes any financial account maintained with a non-U.S. financial institution and may also include our
preferred shares or ADSs if they are not held in an account maintained with a financial institution. Substantial penalties may
be imposed, and the period of limitations on assessment and collection of U.S. federal income taxes may be extended, in the event
of a failure to comply. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the possible application to them of this filing
requirement.

Disclosure requirements for certain U.S. holders recognizing
significant losses

A U.S. Holder that claims significant losses in respect of
our preferred shares or ADSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes (generally (i) US$10 million or more in a taxable year or US$20
million or more in any combination of taxable years for corporations or partnerships all of whose partners are corporations, (ii)
US$2 million or more in a taxable year or US$4 million or more in any combination of taxable years for all other taxpayers, or
(iii) US$50,000 or more in a taxable year for individuals or trusts with respect to a foreign currency transaction) may be required
to file Form 8886 for “reportable transactions.” U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors concerning any
possible disclosure obligation with respect to our preferred shares or ADSs.

US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)

Please refer to section Our Risk Management,
item Regulatory Environment, Taxation, U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) for more clarification on FATCA.

Controls and Procedures

(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer (“CEO”), and our chief
financial officer (“CFO”), of the effectiveness of our “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined
in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as required by paragraph (b) of the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15, as
of December 31, 2016.

A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the control system’s objectives will be met. Therefore, our management does not expect that the controls will prevent
all errors and all fraud.

Based upon the evaluation performed,
our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of December 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide
reasonable assurance that material information relating to us and our consolidated subsidiaries is (i) recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive officers and principal financial officers, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. Our internal control was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

All internal control systems, no matter how well
designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or a decline in the level of compliance with policies or procedures may occur.

Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this assessment,
our management used the criteria set forth in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its evaluation and those criteria, our management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.

The effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes,
an independent registered public accounting firm.

A- 174

(c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

The report of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores
Independentes, our independent registered public accounting firm, dated April 20, 2017, on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 is presented with our consolidated financial statements.

Please refer to Performance,
item Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS) for further details about our independent registered public accounting firm.

(d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

In connection with the evaluation required
by the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d), our management, including our CEO and CFO, concluded that the changes that occurred during
the year ended December 31, 2016 have not materially affected, and are not reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.

Sustainability

Sustainability is incorporated into
our corporate strategy through a consolidated governance structure that is integrated into our business, which allows us to
incorporate social and environmental issues into daily activities and processes throughout the Itaú Unibanco Group.
Long-term strategic decisions on sustainability are discussed on an annual basis by our Board of Directors, at an annual
meeting of the Strategy Committee (composed of Board of Directors members) and twice a year at meetings of our Executive
Committee. Since 2011, our sustainability activities have been based on three strategic focuses: (i) social and environmental
risks and opportunities, (ii) financial education and (iii) dialogue and transparency.

Our management of social and environmental
risk is based on the identification, measurement, mitigation and monitoring of risks. We know that the increasing societal consciousness
of the environmental and social challenges we face makes these issues more material to our operations, products and services. By
integrating social and environmental risks and opportunities into our strategy, governance, processes, management policies, products
and services, we are creating a virtuous circle that can help society to prosper. In the last 15 years, we developed and participated
in various initiatives to reduce environmental and social risks and seize opportunities to address those risks. Over that period,
we have created strategies, routines, processes and products, adopted specific policies and adhered to voluntary commitments such
as PRI (Principles for Responsible Investments), EP (Equator Principles), CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project), Principles for Sustainable
Insurance (PSI) and Global Compact that guide our business and institutional practices. We have developed specific social and environmental
guidelines applicable to our lending processes (lending and financing), insurance, investments and suppliers. Our main social and
environmental guidelines include: (i) a list of restricted activities (firearms, ammunition and explosives; extraction and production
of wood and the production of firewood and charcoal extracted from native forests; fishing activities; extraction and industrialization
of asbestos; and abattoirs and beef packaging plants), (ii) a list of prohibited activities (prostitution; illegal use of child
labor; and work under conditions similar to slavery), (iii) compliance with environmental licensing, (iv) the inclusion of social
and environmental contractual clauses, and (v) specific rules for providing real estate collateral.

In 2015, we published a paper on our Social and Environmental
Risks and Opportunities strategy that discusses our practices and the challenges we see for enhancing sustainability. We regularly
monitor the development of our goals for 2020, published in this document. You can access it at <https://www.itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/Itau/PDF/Sustentabilidade/Posicionamento-Itau-ROSA_english.pdf>

Further, in 2016, we carried out a study
on financial regulatory risks associated with climate change issues and improved our performance on human rights by structuring
a multidisciplinary working group and governance on diversity, sponsored by the People Area, which reports to the People Committee
and the Sustainability Committee.

As part of Financial Education initiative, in 2015, we issued
a study called “Choices and Money” to answer the questions “How to help people make better use of their money?
How to help people accomplish their goal”. The study traces the influences of economic and social past on our financial behavior
and discusses how they shape the choices we make when it comes to money. To access the study in Portuguese click on <http://itau.com.br/_arquivosestaticos/Itau/PDF/Sustentabilidade/Escolhas_e_Dinheiro_Educacao_Financeira.pdf>

Based on the outcomes of this study, we
have decided to adopt an approach to generate a broader identification and, in 2016, we launched the “Real Life” campaign,
a webseries telling real histories and sharing financial knowledge applied to day-to-day life. The four episodes show people and
families in different moments of life, exploring their dilemmas and how they deal with money, providing financial guidance to help
them achieve their goals. This series had over 42 million views.

In 2016, we signed up to a partnership
with the Family School program of the State of São Paulo, which opens the state schools during the weekends for activities
guided by four pillars: culture, work, sports and health. Through the end of 2016, we trained the vice-principals of 751 schools
in Greater São Paulo, who trained 73 volunteers, impacting 12,468 people.

Our dialogue and transparency
efforts focused on developing our reporting processes with the goal of consolidating the integration of communications. Since
2004, sustainability information has been disclosed based on the Global Reporting Initiative criteria, and is integrated into
our annual report, which includes both financial and sustainability information. Additionally, in 2013, we entered into a partnership
with the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC),to prepare a concise piece of communication focused on our ability to create value for stakeholders
over time. Visit our 2016 Integrated Report at www.itau.com.br/annual-report.

A- 175

The management of sustainability
issues has contributed to our access to funding through development agencies, and to our presence in sustainability indexes. We
are the only Latin American bank to be included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index since the inception of the index in 1999,
and we also integrate the Business Sustainability Index and the Carbon Efficient Index, both of the São Paulo stock exchange.
Also noteworthy are our partnerships with the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB), the Inter-American Investment Corporation
(IIC), and the Brazilian Development Bank (BNDES) , which participate with us in lending or joint performance on specific projects.

Glossary

A

•   ABEL – Associação Brasileira de Empresas de Leasing (Brazilian Association
of Leasing Companies)
•   Aberje – Associação Brasileira de Comunicação Empresarial (Brazilian Association of Corporate Communication)

•   ABRASCA – Associação Brasileira de Companhias Abertas (Brazilian Association
of Public Companies)
•   ADS – American Depositary Shares
•   ANBIMA – Associação Brasileira das Entidades dos Mercados Financeiros e
de Capitais (Brazilian Association of Stock and Financial Markets Entities)
•   APIMEC – Associação dos Analistas e Profissionais de Investimento do Mercado
de Capitais (Association of Capital Markets Analysts and Investment Professionals)
•   ATM – Automatic Teller Machine

B

•   Banco Itaú Argentina – Banco Itaú Argentina S.A

•   Banco Itaú Chile – Banco Itaú Chile S.A.
•   Banco Itaú Paraguay – Banco Itaú Paraguay S.A
•   Banco Itaú Uruguay – Banco Itaú Uruguay S.A

•   BCBA – Buenos Aires Stock Exchange
•   BCBS – Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
•   BIS – Bank for International Settlements
•   BM&FBovespa – Bolsa de Valores, Mercadorias e Futuros S.A. (Securities, Commodities
and Futures Exchange)
•   BNDES – Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social (Brazilian Social
and Economic Development Bank)
•   BNY Mellon – The Bank of New York Mellon
•   Brazilian Corporate Law – Law No. 6,404, of December 15, 1976, as amended (including by Law
No. 11,638)
•   Brazilian Payment System – encompasses the institutions, the systems and the procedures related
to the transfer of funds and of other financial assets, among the diverse economic agents of the Brazilian market, or that involve
the processing, the clearing and settlement of payments in any of its forms.

C

•   CADE – Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Econômica (Administrative Council for
Economic Defense)

•   CCR – Counterparty Credit Risk
•   CDC – Código de Defesa do Consumidor (Consumer Protection Code)
•   CDI – Certificado de Depósito Interbancário (Interbank Deposit Certificate)
•   CEDEAR – Argentine Certificates of Deposits

•   Central Bank – Banco Central do Brasil (Brazilian Central Bank)
•   CFC – Conselho Federal de Contabilidade (Federal Accounting Council)
•   CGRC – Risk and Capital Management Committee
•   Cia E. Johnston – Companhia E. Johnston de Participações
•   CMN – Conselho Monetário Nacional (National Monetary Council)

•   NRF – Risk and Financial Policies Committee
•   CNSP – Conselho Nacional de Seguros Privados (National Council of Private Insurance)
•   COAF – Conselho de Controle de Atividades Financeiras (Financial Activities Control
Council)
•   COSO – Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
•   COFINS – Contribuição Para o Financiamento da Seguridade Social (Social
Security Financing Contribution)

•   CONSIF – Confederação Nacional do Sistema Financeiro (National Association
of the Financial System)
•   CSB – Corporate Site Branch
•   CSC – Superior Credit Committee
•   CSCCA – Superior Wholesale Credit and Collection Committee

•   CSCCV – Superior Retail Credit and Collection Committee
•   CSLL – Contribuição Social Sobre o Lucro Líquido (Social Contribution
on Profits)

•   CSP – Superior Products Committee
•   CSRML – Superior Market Risk and Liquidity Committee

A- 176

•   CSRO – Superior Operational Risk Management Committee
•   CTAM – Model Assessment Technical Committee
•   CVM – Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (Brazilian Securities and Exchange
Comission)

D

•   DJSI – Dow Jones Sustainability Index

F

•   FATF – Financial Action Task Force

•   FEBRABAN – Federação Brasileira de Bancos (Brazilian Federation of Banks)

•   Fed – U.S. Federal Reserve System
•   FGC – Fundo Garantidor de Crédito (Credit Insurance Fund)

I

•   IASB – International Accounting Standards Board

•   IBEF – Instituto Brasileiro de Executivos de Finanças (Brazilian Institute
of Finance Executives)
•   IBRACON – Instituto de Auditores Independentes do Brasil (Institute od Independent
Auditors of Brazil)

•   IBRI – Instituto Brasileiro de Relações com Investidores (Brazilian
Investor Relations Institute)
•   ICAAP – Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
•   IFRS – International Financial Reporting Standards
•   IOF – Imposto Sobre Operações Financeiras (Tax on Financial Transactions)
•   IRPJ – Imposto de Renda da Pessoa Jurídica (Corporate Income Tax)
•   IRS – U.S. Internal Revenue Service

•   ISE – Índice de Sustentabilidade Empresarial (Corporate Sustainability Index)

•   ISSQN – Imposto sobre Serviços de Qualquer Natureza (Service Tax)
•   Itaú BBA Colombia – Itaú BBA Colombia S.A. Corporación Financiera
•   Itau BBA International – Itau BBA International plc
•   Itaucard – Banco Itaucard S.A.
•   Itaú Holding Financeira – Itaú Holding Financeira S.A.

•   Itaú Unibanco Group – Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and all its subsidiaries and
affiliates
•   Itaúsa – Itaú Investimentos S.A.
•   IUPAR – Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A.

L

•   LCR – Liquidity Coverage Ratio

N

•   NSFR – Net Stable Funding Ratio

•   NYSE – New York Stock Exchange

P

•   PEP – Politically Exposed Person
•   PFIC – Passive Foreign Investment Company

•   PIS – Programa de Integração Social (Social Integration Program)

R

•   RAET – Regime Especial de Administração Temporária (Temporary
Special Administration Regime)
•   RMCCI – Regulamento de Mercado de Câmbio e Capitais Internacionais (Regulation
of Exchange and Capital Markets)

S

•   SEC – U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
•   SELIC – Sistema Especial de Liquidação e de Custódia (Special
Clearing and Settlement System)
•   SISBACEN – Sistema do Banco Central do Brasil (the Brazilian Central Bank System):
a database that collects information provided by financial institutions to the Central Bank
•   SOX – The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
•   STF – Superior Tribunal Federal (Brazilian Federal Supreme Court)

•   STJ – Superior Tribunal de Justiça (Brazilian Superior Court of Justice)
•   SUSEP – Superintendência de Seguros Privados (Superintendency of Private Insurance)

T

•   TR – Taxa Referencial (Brazilian benchmark
interest rate)

U

•   Unibanco – União de Bancos Brasileiros S.A.

V

•   VaR – Value at Risk

A- 177

List of Foreign Subsidiaries (as of December 31, 2016)

Company   Country
Banco Itaú Argentina S.A.   Argentina
FC Recovery S.A.U.   Argentina
Itaú Asset Management S.A. Sociedad Gerente de Fondos Comunes de Inversión   Argentina
Itaú Valores   Argentina
Itrust Servicios Inmobiliarios S.A.C.I.   Argentina
Itaú Bahamas Directors Ltd   Bahamas
Itaú Bahamas Nominees Ltd   Bahamas
Itaú Bank & Trust Bahamas Ltd   Bahamas
Itaú Unibanco S.A. Nassau Branch   Bahamas
Karen International Limited   Bahamas
Bicsa Holdings Ltd   Cayman Islands
Bie Cayman, Ltd.   Cayman Islands
Itaú Bank & Trust Cayman Ltd.   Cayman Islands
Itau Bank, Ltd.   Cayman Islands
Itaú BBA International (Cayman) Ltd   Cayman Islands
Itau Cayman Directors Ltd.   Cayman Islands
Itau Cayman Nominees Ltd.   Cayman Islands
Itau Global Asset Management   Cayman Islands
Itaú Unibanco Holding Cayman Branch   Cayman Islands
Itaú Unibanco S.A. Cayman Branch   Cayman Islands
ITB Holding Ltd   Cayman Islands
MCC Securities Inc.   Cayman Islands
Topaz Holding Ltd.   Cayman Islands
Uni-Investiment International Corp.   Cayman Islands
CGB II SpA   Chile
Corpbanca Administradora General de Fondos   Chile
Corpbanca Corredora de Seguros S.A.   Chile
Corpbanca Corredores de Bolsa S.A.   Chile
Corplegal S.A.   Chile
Itaú Asesorías Financieras S.A.   Chile
Itaú BBA Corredor de Bolsa Limitada   Chile
Itaú Chile Administradora General de Fondos S.A.   Chile
Itaú Chile Compañia de Seguros de Vida S.A.   Chile
Itaú Chile Corredora de Seguros Limitada   Chile
Itaú Chile Inversiones, Servicios y Administracion S.A.   Chile
Itaú Corpbanca S.A.   Chile
MCC Asesorías Ltda.   Chile
MCC S.A. Corredores de Bolsa   Chile
Recaudaciones y Cobranzas S.A.   Chile
Recuperadora de Creditos Ltda   Chile
SMU Corp S.A.   Chile
Banco Corpbanca Colombia   Colombia
Corpbanca Investment Trust   Colombia
Helm Comisionista   Colombia
Helm Corredor de Seguros   Colombia

A- 178

Helm Fiduciaria S.A.   Colombia
Itau BBA Colombia S.A. Corporación Financiera   Colombia
Itaú Asia Securities Ltd   Hong Kong
Itaú Japan Asset Management Limited   Japan
Itaú Unibanco S.A. Tokyo Branch   Japan
Itaú Europa Luxembourg S.A.   Luxembourg
Itaú BBA México, S.A. de C.V.   Mexico
Proserv – Promociones y Servicios S.A. de C.V.   Mexico
CIFI*   Panamá
Helm Bank   Panamá
Helm Casa de Valores   Panamá
Albarus S.A.   Paraguay
Bancard Sociedad Anonima   Paraguay
Banco del Paraná S.A.   Paraguay
Banco Itaú Paraguay S.A.   Paraguay
Afinco Americas Madeira, Sgps, Soc. Unipessoal Ltda   Portugal
IPI – Itaúsa Portugal Investimentos, SGPS Ltda.   Portugal
Itaúsa Europa – Investimentos, SGPS, Ltda.   Portugal
Banco Itau (Suisse) S.A.   Swiss
Banco Itau International   U.S.A.
Corpbanca New York Branch   U.S.A.
Corpbanca Securities Inc.   U.S.A.
Itaú BBA USA Securities, Inc.   U.S.A.
Itau International Investiment Llc   U.S.A.
Itaú International Securities Inc   U.S.A.
Itaú Unibanco S.A. New York Branch   U.S.A.
Itau USA Asset Management Inc.   U.S.A.
Jasper International Investiment Llc   U.S.A.
Itaú BBA International Plc.   UK
Itaú UK Asset Management Ltd   UK
Itaú Middle East Limited   United Arab Emirates
Aco Ltda   Uruguay
Banco Itau Uruguay S.A.   Uruguay
C.U.M.P.S.A.*   Uruguay
Mundostar S.A.   Uruguay
Nevada Woods S.A.   Uruguay
Oca Casa Financiera S.A.   Uruguay
Oca S.A.   Uruguay
Rias Redbanc*   Uruguay
Unión Capital AFAP S.A.   Uruguay

* Minority shareholder.

A- 179

ITEM 19. EXHIBITS

Number   Description
1   Bylaws of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. (unofficial English translation) (1) .
2.(a)   Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement among the Registrant, The Bank of New York, as depositary, and the Holders from time to time of American Depositary Shares issued thereunder, including the form of American Depositary Receipts (2) .
2.(b)(i)   The total amount of long-term debt securities of Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. and our subsidiaries
under any one instrument does not exceed 10.0% of our total assets on a consolidated basis. We agree to furnish copies of instruments
defining the rights of certain holders of long-term debt to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.
4.(a)   Shareholders’ Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2009, between Itaúsa - Investimentos Itaú S.A. and the Moreira Salles family (unofficial English translation) (3) .
4.(c)   Plan for Granting Stock Options (4)
6   Statement explaining calculation of earnings per share (5) .
7   Statement explaining calculation of dividend and interest on capital per share (6) .
8.1   List of subsidiaries (7) .
11.1   Code of Ethics  (unofficial English translation) (8) .
12.1   Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (9) .
12.2   Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (9) .
13   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Enacted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (9) .
15   Transaction Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2014, and amended on June 2, 2015 and on January 20, 2017, between Banco
    Itaú Chile and CorpBanca (10) .

(1)   Incorporated herein by reference to our Report on Form 6-K filed with the Commission on September 23, 2016 (Commission File
No. 001-15276).

(2)   Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed with the Commission
on October 16, 2013 (Commission File No. 333-191758).

(3)   Incorporated herein by reference to our Annual Report on Form 20-F/A filed with the Commission
on May 17, 2010 (Commission File No. 001-15276).

(4)   Incorporated by reference herein to our Report on Form 6-K filed with the Commission on May 12, 2015 (Commission File No.:
001-15276).

(5)   Incorporated by reference herein to “Note 2.4 – Summary of main accounting policies,
item u) Earnings per share” to Complete Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

(6)   Incorporated by reference herein to “Note 21 – Stockholders’ equity, item b)
Dividends” to Complete Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

(7)   Incorporated by reference herein to “Note 2.4 – Summary of main accounting policies, item a) Consolidation, I.
Subsidiaries” to Complete Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

(8)   Incorporated by reference herein to our Report on Form 6-K filed with the Commission on August 29, 2016 (Commission File No.:
001-15276).

(9)   Filed herewith.

(10)   Incorporated by reference here in to our Report on Form SC 13D filed with the Commission on July 07, 2014 and its amendments
filed with the Commission on June 26, 2015 and on January 27, 2017 (Commission File No. 001-15276).

B- 1

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements
for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.

ITAÚ UNIBANCO HOLDING S.A.

By:   /s/  Roberto  Egydio  Setubal
Name: Roberto Egydio Setubal
Title: Chief Executive Officer

By:   /s/ Caio Ibrahim David
Name : Caio Ibrahim David
Title : Chief Financial Officer

Dated: April 20, 2017

B- 2
