                   YSB Inc. 藥師幫股份有限公司
藥師幫股份有限公司                                     藥師幫股份有限公司
YSB Inc.                                      YSB Inc.
（於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）                              (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
 股份代號：9885                                    Stock Code: 9885




                   INTERIM REPORT 2026 中期報告
CONTENTS

2    CORPORATE INFORMATION

4    BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

14   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

15   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

22   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION

33   REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

35   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION

37   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY

38   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS

39   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

68   DEFINITIONS
Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Executive Directors                       Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                          Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)
Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮)
 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   AUDITOR
Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Non-Executive Director                    Certified Public Accountants
                                          Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽)
                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                          Vistra (Cayman) Limited
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  Grand Cayman KY1-1205
                                          Cayman Islands
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                          HEADQUARTERS
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        Yaoshibang Building
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  No. 8 Brand Street
                                          TIT Creative Industry Zone
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                    No. 397 Xingang Middle Road
                                          Guangzhou, China
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉) (Chairman)
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  HONG KONG

NOMINATION COMMITTEE                      Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
                                          33 Hysan Avenue
Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮) (Chairman)         Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  LEGAL ADVISORS
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)
                                          As to Hong Kong law
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND                 King & Wood
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
                                          As to PRC law
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)       Anjie Broad Law Firm
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  As to Cayman Islands law
                                          Harney Westwood & Riegels
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)




2     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                         Corporate Information


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Vistra (Cayman) Limited
P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
Grand Cayman KY1-1205
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL BANKS

China Merchants Bank, Guangzhou Branch
China CITIC Bank, Guangzhou Branch
Ping An Bank, Guangzhou Branch

STOCK CODE

9885

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.ysbang.cn




                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   3
Business Review and Outlook


In the first half of 2026, underpinned by the in-depth implementation of the “Healthy China (健康中國)” strategy,
coupled with special policies such as the “Guideline to Advance High-quality Development of Pharmaceutical Retail
Industry (《關於促進藥品零售行業高質量發展的意見》)” jointly promulgated by nine departments, the outside-of-
hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare industry was entering a critical phase of shifting from demand expansion
to value upgrading. With the continuous enhancement of primary healthcare service capabilities and the steady
release of health consumption demand at outside-of-hospital terminals, the industry’s digital penetration has been
comprehensively accelerated, and the value of the entire industry chain has also been deeply restructured. In
response to the overarching trend of industrial upgrading, the Company anchored in the core main track of outside-
of-hospital pharmaceuticals. It relied on complete full-chain digital infrastructure and a mature compliance operation
service system to continuously deepen its presence in the lower-tier market, optimise its overall layout, break down
industrial supply-demand barriers, and build a collaboratively symbiotic industrial ecosystem.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s platform had an average number of monthly active buyers (“MAB”) of
approximately 460,000, with an average number of monthly paying buyers (“MPB”) of approximately 430,000. As user
loyalty remained stable, the proportion of the average number of MPB to average number of MAB remained high
at 94%. The average number of orders per paying buyer per month remained stable at approximately 29. Against
the industry backdrop of sluggish recovery and weak growth momentum in the pharmaceutical retail market, the
repurchase depth and purchasing frequency of downstream buyers on the YSB platform have remained steady, fully
validating the platform’s robust supporting value for their business-side operations.




4      YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                Business Review and Outlook


ONLINE MARKETPLACE

As a leading digital service platform for the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry in China, we continued to
strengthen the industrial digital infrastructure capabilities and build a full-chain compliant digital service system,
improving the upstream and downstream collaborative ecosystem and continuously enhancing the depth and
comprehensive value of our platform’s industrial services.

During the Reporting Period, we conducted in-depth cooperation with upstream merchants to build a pharmaceutical
industry ecosystem, and continuously iterated our high-quality merchant cultivation system. While steadily expanding
our cohort of core strategic ecosystem partners with monthly sales in the tens of millions of RMB, we continued to
incubate small and medium-sized merchants with monthly sales in RMB at the millions and hundreds-of-thousands
levels, thereby establishing a long-term stable, compliant and high-quality upstream supply network. In terms of
merchant empowerment, the Company leveraged big data technology as the core driver to implement refined
category operation strategies, providing upstream merchants with in-depth services such as precise demand
profiling, intelligent inventory early-warning and dynamic pricing references, facilitating precise supply and efficient
turnover.

Leveraging the big data-driven demand insight system of the platform, we accurately captured changes in market
demand, continuously optimised the category structure of the platform, aiming to achieve precise expansion of the
supply side. As of 30 June 2026, the average monthly SKUs on the platform increased to approximately 4,300,000,
representing an increase of 9% compared to the first half of 2025, forming a comprehensive offering matrix fully
covering chemical medicines, Chinese patent medicines, Traditional Chinese Medicine (“TCM”) decoction pieces,
medical devices and tonics, among others. Through refined and differentiated category operations, the platform
precisely matches the diversified and scenario-based needs of various purchasing entities, continuously consolidating
its competitive barrier on the supply side.

In terms of the TCM decoction pieces business, we adhered to the development path of “standards-led, source-
controlled, and digitally-empowered” and continued to deepen the construction of the “Jinfang standards” system.
During the Reporting Period, we newly included one cooperative production region each for medicinal materials such
as Notoginseng (田七) and Uncaria Stem with Hooks (鈎藤), expanding the Jinfang standards-covered varieties to 372,
updating the grade standards to 1,266, and further extending the coverage of the comprehensive digital traceability
system for decoction pieces. During the Reporting Period, the total sales volume of TCM decoction pieces on the
platform exceeded 20,000 tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 10%, fully demonstrating
the strong empowerment of the construction of the standardisation system and digital management capabilities to
business growth.

In terms of the iteration of the platform’s digital infrastructure, the Company continued to expand its AI application
system. By deeply coupling large model capabilities with the business middle platform, the Company boosted
operational efficiency and decision-making precision throughout the industrial chain. With regard to the profitability
model, the Company primarily generated revenue by charging upstream sellers an agreed percentage of transaction
commissions, with the platform’s overall average commission rate remaining stable at 3.3%. Meanwhile, we continued
to optimise the subsidy mechanism and resource allocation system of the platform to balance its profitability and
ecosystem vitality.




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   5
Business Review and Outlook


GENERAL SELF-OPERATION BUSINESS

As the principal segment of the Self-operation Business, during the Reporting Period, the General Self-operation
Business continued its advanced approach rooted in the four core dimensions of “wide selection, fast delivery,
superior quality, and cost efficiency”. Based on industry trends and end-customer needs, the General Self-operation
Business deepened its refined operations and digital upgrades, and continued to consolidate the core barriers of the
supply chain, achieving breakthroughs in business scale, operational efficiency and user experience in all aspects.

Leveraging our mature supply chain integration foundation, we further focused on precise supply and adaptation to
diverse scenarios, driving the optimisation of our self-operation product category structure towards high value and
high adaptability. Based on the platform’s transaction big data, procurement behaviour preferences and consumer
trend analysis, we continuously optimised our full-process operational system of “demand forecasting – intelligent
product selection – quality control – dynamic iteration”, with a focus on introducing core categories characterised by
high repeat purchase rates, high adaptability, and alignment with the trend of health consumption upgrades, thereby
achieving refined SKU management and structural upgrading. As of 30 June 2026, the number of partner suppliers
of Self-operation Business exceeded 12,000, and the ranges and varieties of product have expanded simultaneously,
with the stability and resilience of our supply chain continuously strengthening.

During the Reporting Period, we focused on efficient fulfilment and exceptional timeliness, continuously iterating our
comprehensive smart supply chain system of “procurement – warehousing – distribution”. On the procurement side,
we leveraged our self-developed digital collaboration system to optimise the intelligent decision-making mechanism
of “sales-driven procurement and dynamic replenishment”, shortening response cycles and reducing the risk of
inventory overstocking. On the warehousing side, we continued to advance warehouse standardisation and intelligent
operation upgrading, improving sorting turnover efficiency. On the delivery side, we optimised intelligent scheduling
and route planning algorithms to improve delivery efficiency. During the Reporting Period, the on-time order-delivery
rate of the Company’s Self-operation Business improved to 97.4%, marking steady improvements in its fulfilment and
delivery capacity.

We consistently upheld our bottom line on product quality, establishing a sound comprehensive quality control
system with the quality control philosophy of “strict standards, full-process coverage and traceability”. At the
supplier management level, the Company has established a multi-dimensional and regular assessment mechanism.
It conducts regular reviews based on indicators such as compliance qualifications, production capacity and quality
control levels, so as to dynamically eliminate underperformers while selecting superior ones. At the quality traceability
level, leveraging the electronic supervision code scanning system, we achieved full-process data recording and
closed-loop traceability from supplier access to after-sales feedback, truly realising “source-traceable, destination-
trackable, and accountable” product oversight. Through standardised and institutionalised rigid control, we had built
a solid product safety defence line.




6      YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                Business Review and Outlook


Meanwhile, we persisted in operations refinement and full-chain cost reduction and efficiency improvement. Through
multi-layered collaboration involving supply chain efficiency improvement, digital cost reduction and ecosystem
concessions, we achieved a virtuous development pattern of “cost reduction for customers, efficiency improvement
for the Company, and win-win outcomes for the ecosystem”. On the supply chain side, we continued to deepen our
strategy of “direct procurement at source + direct supply from manufacturers”, expanding our in-depth cooperation
with leading brands in the industry. During the period, we newly established relationships with core strategic partners
such as Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (四川科倫藥業股份有限公司) and China Traditional Chinese Medicine
Holdings Co., Limited (中國中藥控股有限公司). Leveraging our advantages in large-scale centralised procurement,
we reinforced our bargaining power to effectively reduce sourcing costs at the origin. On the operations side, with
digital systems at the core, we systematically optimised each section of order processing, warehousing and sorting,
and logistics delivery to precisely reduce operational inefficiencies. For downstream end customers, the Company
continuously iterated diversified discount policies such as free shipping for single items and member-exclusive
benefits, accurately adapting to the procurement needs of end customers of different levels and sizes, effectively
reducing their overall procurement costs.

TARGETED PRODUCT LAUNCH BUSINESS

As a high-margin segment within the Self-operation Business, during the Reporting Period, leveraging the Company’s
in-depth accumulation of industry insights, industrial resources and operational experience, the Targeted Product
Launch Business, on one hand, provided partner pharmaceutical companies with professional brand product
promotion and terminal sales services, helping them to expand their outside-of-hospital market channels. On the
other hand, it focused on developing its private label portfolio, delivering highly compatible and cost-effective
private label products to downstream end customers. By pursuing this dual-track approach, it effectively promoted
steady growth in business scale and continuous optimisation of its profit structure. During the Reporting Period, the
transaction amounts of our Targeted Product Launch Business amounted to RMB1,281 million, representing a year-
on-year increase of 18.6% and maintaining a high-speed growth trend.

Backed by our platform’s capability in penetrating into pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions, we provided
our partner pharmaceutical companies with professional promotion and terminal sales services for pharmaceutical
and healthcare products. In response to challenges in channel development faced by pharmaceutical companies
such as insufficient sales momentum in outside-of-hospital markets and regional sales disparities, our partner
pharmaceutical companies were responsible for supplying their branded products, whilst we utilised our extensive
distribution network and well-established marketing system to drive large-scale product sales, thereby generating
stable and substantial gross profit on sales.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   7
Business Review and Outlook


With the private label business serving as the strategic focus of our Targeted Product Launch Business, we continued
to increase investment in expanding our private label categories and building our brand, striving to develop long-
term, differentiated core competitiveness. Addressing the pain points faced by small and medium-sized chain
pharmacies, monomer pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions, such as insufficient bargaining capability when
procuring branded products and high barriers to accessing high-quality supplies, we made full use of our supply chain
integration advantages and economies of scale to provide them with a stable supply of YSB private label products
that offer both quality assurance and cost advantages, effectively reducing their procurement costs, enriching the
product categories on their store shelves and enhancing their terminal service capabilities. Meanwhile, benefiting
from our channel network advantages and professional operational capabilities, the upstream pharmaceutical partner
companies of our private label also secured steady and sustainable additional production orders, thus achieving
efficient capacity release. As a result of the above, our private label business has built an all-win value ecosystem for
“upstream pharmaceutical companies – YSB – end customers – consumers”, driving synergistic efficiency and shared
benefits among all participants in the industry chain.

The implementation of private label strategy yielded significant results. Adhering to an end-market demand-driven
approach, the Company precisely identified sub-categories compatible with pharmacy retail and primary healthcare
scenarios and with the potential for large-scale bestsellers, steadily improving its private label product portfolio. As of
30 June 2026, the Company’s private label portfolio covered high-potential categories such as chemical medicines,
Chinese patent medicines, medical devices and consumables and food-medicine homology products, with more than
1,200 SKUs. The product portfolio has continued to diversify, whilst its structure continued to optimise. In terms of
channel penetration, private label products extensively reach the full spectrum of customer types, including monomer
pharmacies, chain pharmacies, and primary healthcare institutions. The number of customers covered by the products
increased by approximately 10% as compared to the same period in 2025, with both the breadth of market coverage
and the depth of penetration improving simultaneously.

Owing to its high gross margin profile, differentiated competitive advantages and precise market positioning, the
Company’s private label business has become its core engine of profit growth, continuously driving a steady growth
in the overall gross margin of its Self-operation Business. During the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts of the
Company’s private label reached RMB1,111 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.4%.

ON-DEMAND PHARMACEUTICAL RETAIL BUSINESS

Backed by strong B2B supply chain advantages and digital capabilities, we have strategically tapped into the on-
demand pharmaceutical retail sector. Through a dual-driven model of “internal incubation + external investment”, we
have focused on meeting the on-demand medication needs of C-end consumers and are fully committed to building
an efficient and convenient on-demand medication retail service network.

In terms of building our own-brand ecosystem, we implemented a dual-track operating model of “self-operated
benchmark stores + an ecosystem cooperation network”, establishing an on-demand retail service network that
combines service quality with coverage density. In terms of strategic investment synergies, we introduced mature
external expertise and technical capabilities in on-demand retail operations, focusing on a “front warehouse + traffic
platform” operational model, and are steadily advancing the network footprint and operational refinement.




8      YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                Business Review and Outlook


OTHER BUSINESSES

ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)

Embracing the dual opportunities brought by digital healthcare and the upgrading of primary healthcare, the
Company has been continuously refining the comprehensive solutions for “ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)” primary
smart healthcare system. With “hardware iteration + software upgrades + scenario expansion” as its core pathway,
the Company optimised the synergy among point-of-care testing devices, the digital primary healthcare institution
management system and the smart AI doctors-aid system, comprehensively empowering primary healthcare
institutions.

In terms of smart hardware, based on the platform’s vast market data and research into primary healthcare scenarios,
we have iterated and upgraded the “FutureClou (未來光譜)” series point-of-care testing devices under the guiding
principles of “low cost, high efficiency, ease of operation and high adaptability”. We have optimised the three core
devices: Clou Immuno Cube (光譜免疫小方盒), Clou Chronic Disease Analyzer (光譜慢病檢測儀), and Clou Micro
Hematology Analyzer (光譜微型血球儀) to improve the testing accuracy and response speed. During the Reporting
Period, we not only expanded our test menu to include cardiovascular and cerebrovascular health indicators and
renal function screening, but also optimised the devices’ operating interface and data transmission functions. As of
30 June 2026, the “FutureClou” series devices covered approximately 25,000 end users with sales reaching around
38,000 units, demonstrating an increasing penetration rate in primary healthcare institutions.

In terms of digital empowerment, we have continuously optimised our “ClouWiseDoctor (光譜智醫)”, a digital and
intelligent assisted diagnosis and treatment system, which seamlessly caters to the digital upgrade needs of primary
healthcare scenarios, consolidates our full-process service capabilities, including intelligent consultation, assisted
diagnosis, medication recommendation and medical record integration, and comprehensively empowers primary
healthcare physicians to improve diagnosis and treatment efficiency, standardise treatment pathways and enhance
the quality of health management.

Meanwhile, we have continuously optimised and upgraded the “Cloud Consultation (光譜雲診)” SaaS service tailored
for primary healthcare institutions, and rolled out a suite of new features for primary healthcare scenarios to address
clinical pain points and operational challenges in primary healthcare. As of 30 June 2026, the number of paying users
of “Cloud Consultation” exceeded 4,000. Our integration with medical insurance and health administration platforms
continued to advance, allowing us to employ medical insurance functions in more than 100 cities, which enabled real-
time settlement and data interoperability with more municipal medical insurance systems and significantly enhanced
the operational convenience and digital compliance capabilities of primary healthcare institutions.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   9
Business Review and Outlook


Other SaaS solutions

We remained focused on the core objective of enhancing operational efficiency of the upstream and downstream
participants in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry chain and continuously upgraded various SaaS
services. Focusing on “refined operations, intelligent decision-making, and full-scenario coverage”, we built a
fully integrated digital service matrix covering upstream sellers, downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare
institutions, providing more targeted and efficient digital solutions for our upstream and downstream partners.

For upstream sellers, we have continuously upgraded the “CloudComm (雲商通)” SaaS service to provide them with
full-process digital capabilities in core operational aspects such as intelligent inventory management, intelligent order
processing and market data insights, effectively enhancing their operational efficiency and market responsiveness. As
of 30 June 2026, “CloudComm” served over 10,000 sellers. During the Reporting Period, approximately 700 of them
were new paying users, further boosting our market penetration.

For downstream buyers, we have continuously refined the “ePalm (掌店易)” SaaS service to provide pharmacies with
dedicated intelligent tools such as one-stop purchasing, inventory management and sales analysis, facilitating their
efficient operations and accurate business decision-making. As of 30 June 2026, “ePalm” service had served over
81,000 buyers, including a surge of more than 7,500 new users in the first half of the year. At the same time, we have
assisted partner pharmacies in more than 200 cities nationwide in establishing direct system connections with social
security departments, significantly improving the operational efficiency of pharmacy medical insurance settlement.

Leveraging precise data algorithms and a more multi-dimensional analysis, the “PHDS Pharmacy Health Diagnosis
System (PHDS藥房健康診斷系統)”, tailor-made for chain pharmacies, accurately identifies operational pain points and
delivers targeted optimisation recommendations, effectively enhancing the operational efficiency and effectiveness
of chain pharmacies. As of 30 June 2026, the system had served approximately 1,000 chain headquarters users.

YSB eLearn

In the first half of 2026, we continued to refine the professional pharmacist service ecosystem, upgrade our online
structured course system and integrate our diverse models such as case-based simulations, assessment and
certification, to comprehensively elevate the professional capabilities and regulatory compliance of primary-care
pharmacists. As of 30 June 2026, a total of approximately 340,000 pharmacists and prospective pharmacists had
received our online pharmaceutical training.




10     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                 Business Review and Outlook


SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

As our overall business expanded steadily, we have continuously iterated and upgraded our self-developed
smart supply chain management system, which integrated AI-powered predictive algorithms and omni-channel
transaction data insights to persistently advance the intelligent upgrade of the entire supply chain and optimised
turnover efficiency. During the Reporting Period, with the refined operations of smart supply chain management, we
maintained payable turnover days at around 78.9 days, inventory turnover days at around 37.5 days and receivable
turnover days at only around 2.4 days, resulting in a cash conversion cycle of around -39.1 days. We maintained an
overall healthy and fast-turnover model, with operating cash flow sustaining net inflow. This efficient and fast-turnover
model continued to enhance our overall cash management efficiency, generating a stable pool of retained funds,
bolstering overall liquidity, and providing solid support for the steady, large-scale expansion of our business. The
continuous optimisation of the retained funds position effectively contributed to the improvement of overall gross
profit margins and generated stable financial returns, thereby further optimising the overall profitability structure.

In terms of payment and industry synergy, we continued to integrate business, logistics, information flow and fund
flow through digital technology, refining the full-chain supply chain financial services ecosystem. Leveraging authentic
platform transaction data and partnering with high-quality third-party financial institutions, we have iterated and
optimised order financing products for downstream buyers and established a purpose-specific risk control system to
ensure that credit facilities were directed exclusively towards platform procurement, thereby rigorously safeguarding
fund security while maximising customers’ capital turnover efficiency. During the Reporting Period, the number of
downstream active users for order financing products grew steadily to over 9,000, with cumulative lending amount
reaching approximately RMB4,200 million, of which the cumulative lending amount of order financing products from
downstream chain pharmacy buyers was approximately RMB3,500 million, continuously assisting chain pharmacies in
optimising capital turnover, alleviating cash flow pressure, and strengthening their long-term procurement stickiness
on the platform.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Leveraging the core advantages in market insight, resource allocation and customer services gained from years
of deep engagement in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical sector, we continuously refined our business
development strategy to closely align with market demand upgrades and regulatory policy guidelines with a focus
on the three key priorities of “refined expansion, deep penetration into lower-tier markets, and customer value
enhancement”, achieving concurrent advancement in the efficiency of the business development team, broader
market reach and customer service excellence. In terms of team building and efficiency optimisation, we continued
to refine the structure of our business development team, optimise staffing allocation and division of work tailored
to regional market characteristics and business needs, and strengthened professional skills training to boost our
team’s comprehensive capabilities in market insight, customer engagement and service delivery. As of 30 June 2026,
excluding the business development team of Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to
as “Yikuai Pharmaceutical”), our business development team comprised over 2,600 members. The team structure
became more rational, and the staff efficiency of our business development team further improved as compared to
the previous year as each member can manage approximately 204 pharmacies on average.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   11
Business Review and Outlook


PUBLIC WELFARE AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

We remain committed to deeply integrating corporate social responsibility into our core business. Adhering to the
philosophy of “public welfare empowerment and long-term support”, we foster a synergy between public good and
business value, while fulfilling our social responsibilities with the aim of giving back to the society and creating long-
term value.

Leveraging our own medical and health resources, we regularly host public welfare activities that are accessible to
all. During the Reporting Period, the Company teamed up with local sub-district offices to launch care campaigns for
people in need, bringing them warmth and thoughtful essential supplies. In summer, we launched the “Cool Summer
Care” public welfare campaign, donating heat-relief medication and cooling essentials to frontline workers to show
tangible care for those on the ground.

In terms of long-term public welfare and rural revitalisation, we have established a diversified support system
featuring “industrial support + public welfare and education support + emergency relief”. By donating saplings
and participating in pro-agriculture procurement initiatives, we supported rural vitalisation through industrial
empowerment. In addition, we continued to make donations for relevant public welfare programmes under the
Green & Shine Foundation, supporting the improvement of rural education and the advancement of charitable
causes. By replacing short-term charitable acts with regular, systematic public welfare initiatives, the Company has
established a long-term support mechanism, earnestly fulfilling its social responsibilities and the calling of our era as
a listed company.

OUTLOOK

As a leader in the digital ecosystem of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry, the Company will leverage its
solid operational foundations built on terminal coverage, supply chain synergy and data-driven intelligent services in
earlier stages, and adopt “targeted efforts, quality and efficiency improvement, and win-win collaboration” as its core
principle to advance business structure optimisation, technological capability iteration and industrial value upgrading.

In terms of platform ecosystem development, the Company will amplify the core value of its digital industry hub to
achieve efficient flow and precise matching of supply and demand resources. Meanwhile, the Company will continue
to integrate high-quality industry resources to enrich our multi-tiered, diversified product supply system, realising
precise matching of upstream and downstream demand and fostering a more dynamic platform ecosystem.

In terms of our General Self-operation Business, the Company will focus on quality improvement and cost reduction
in the supply chain, and upgrade its value-added fulfilment service to continuously consolidate its business scale
advantages and brand trust. On the upstream side, the Company will continue to expand direct-origin procurement,
building a highly stable and cost-effective upstream supply system. On the downstream side, the Company will keep
iterating its intelligent fulfilment network to improve delivery timeliness and enhance the warmth of its services,
propelling our General Self-operation Business beyond efficient delivery towards cultivating profound user trust.




12     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                Business Review and Outlook


In terms of our Targeted Product Launch Business, the Company will steadfastly advance its private label strategy,
following our development roadmap of “upgrading quality and expanding channel reach”, continuously optimising
its business structure and improving overall earnings quality and profitability. On the product side, the Company will
persistently enhance the product portfolio under its private label and establish a full-process, high-standard quality
control system. On the channel side, the Company will continue to penetrate into lower-tier markets and primary
healthcare scenarios, intensify brand cultivation and marketing efforts, steadily enhance brand recognition and user
loyalty, and progressively increase its market share in niche segments.

In terms of technology innovation, the Company will leverage LLM inference capabilities and proprietary operational
optimisation algorithms, and deeply embed them into key supply chain operational processes such as dynamic
inventory dispatch, fulfilment route planning, and intelligent matching of supply and demand. This will drive a gradual
transition of the supply chain towards “data and algorithm-driven” operation, unlocking economies of scale through
technological innovation and continuously improving the operational efficiency, market responsiveness and refined
management capabilities across the entire industry chain.

In terms of business innovation, the Company will further explore its on-demand pharmaceutical retail business, and
continuously refine its industry-specific smart fulfilment models and new operational systems. We will leverage digital
capabilities such as spatiotemporal data analysis and grid-based dynamic dispatch to precisely match consumption
demand for instant medication across multiple scenarios, cultivate replicable and scalable operational and cost
advantages, and continuously build differentiated competitive barriers for our on-demand pharmaceutical retail
business, cultivating a new growth engine for the Company.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   13
Financial Highlights


                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2026                   2025         Change (%)
                                                              (in RMB thousands, except
                                                          specified otherwise or percentages)
                                                    (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


 Revenue                                            10,283,053             9,842,619                 4.5
   – Self-operation Business                         9,883,524             9,389,356                 5.3
   – Online Marketplace                                378,105               436,297               (13.3)
   – Other Businesses                                   21,424                16,966                26.3
 Gross profit                                        1,151,381             1,104,502                 4.2
 Gross profit margin                                    11.2%                 11.2%                    0
 Profit attributable to the owners of the Company      110,837                78,117                41.9

 Earnings per share
   – Basic (RMB)                                          0.164               0.115                 42.6
   – Diluted (RMB)                                        0.163               0.113                 44.2




14    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


REVENUE

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB10,283.1 million, representing an
increase of 4.5% as compared with RMB9,842.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The increase in
revenue was mainly attributable to the continued development of the Self-operation Business during the Reporting
Period.

The Group’s revenue from the Self-operation Business increased by 5.3% from RMB9,389.4 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 to RMB9,883.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The change was mainly driven by (i)
enlarged buyer base and the continuous optimisation of buyers’ experience such as logistics and customer services;
and (ii) the number of MPB of our Self-operation Business recorded a continuous and stable increase as compared
with the same period of last year.

The Group’s revenue from the Online Marketplace decreased from RMB436.3 million for the six months ended 30
June 2025 to RMB378.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily attributable to the downturn in the
pharmaceutical retail market, which has exerted a relatively significant impact on the industry, with third-party sellers
being affected accordingly. During the Reporting Period, the commission rate applied to third-party sellers remained
stable.

The Group’s revenue from the other businesses increased by 26.3% from RMB17.0 million for the six months ended
30 June 2025 to RMB21.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly attributable to the continued
expansion of the buyer base for the SaaS solution.

COST OF SALES

The Group’s cost of sales increased by 4.5% from RMB8,738.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to
RMB9,131.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily due to the increase in sales of our Self-operation
Business.

The cost of sales of the Group’s Self-operation Business increased by 4.6% from RMB8,666.4 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB9,068.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The increase in cost of
sales for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was primarily due to the growth of purchase demand from buyers, as a
result of which we increased the procurement of pharmaceutical products accordingly.

The cost of sales of the Group’s Online Marketplace decreased by 10.9% from RMB71.3 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 to RMB63.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly due to lower transaction
volume on our platform.

The cost of sales of the Group’s other businesses decreased significantly by 75.0% from RMB0.4 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB0.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly due to the decrease in
costs in relation to ClouMinihouse and ClouDiagnos.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   15
Management Discussion and Analysis


GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s gross profit increased moderately by 4.2% from RMB1,104.5 million for the
six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB1,151.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The Group’s gross
profit margin remained broadly stable at 11.2% for both periods, mainly due to the changes in the composition of
gross profit generated from the Group’s Self-operation Business and the Group’s Online Marketplace.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Self-operation Business recorded an increase from 7.7% for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 to 8.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2026, which was primarily due to the implementation
of the “Go Upstream” strategy by gradually increasing the percentages of our own brand in our product pipeline,
which has much higher gross profit margin than other products.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Online Marketplace decreased slightly from 83.7% for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 to 83.2% for the six months ended 30 June 2026, which was primarily attributable to (i) with the
expansion of our Self-operation Business, our Online Marketplace generated increased commissions from our own
stores on the platform, which were eliminated in the consolidated reporting; and (ii) the transaction processing fees
related to our own stores’ transactions on the platform were recorded as cost of sales for this segment.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s other businesses increased from 97.5% for the six months ended 30 June
2025 to 99.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly due to the year-on-year growth of revenue of our SaaS
solution, which has a higher gross profit margin, and the corresponding increase of its proportion of revenue.

SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

The Group’s selling and marketing expenses increased slightly by 1.7% from RMB826.9 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 to RMB840.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily due to the continued
expansion of the business operations. Fulfilment expenses increased by 7.3% from RMB166.0 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB178.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, among which logistics
expenses increased from RMB126.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB138.6 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2026. While the Group’s selling and marketing expenses rose in the Reporting Period, the
ratio of such expenses to total revenue decreased slightly.

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

The Group’s general and administrative expenses decreased slightly by 0.2% from RMB190.1 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB189.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly due to a decrease in
equity-settled share-based payment expenses, but offset by an increase in salaries and welfare benefits and general
corporate expenses.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

The Group’s research and development expenses decreased by 10.2% from RMB48.6 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 to RMB43.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily attributable to (i) a decrease
in equity-settled share-based payment expenses; and (ii) an optimisation of the R&D workforce structure driven by
the adoption of AI applications.




16     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


OTHER INCOME

The Group’s other income decreased slightly from RMB36.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to
RMB36.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in
interest income from bank deposits as a result of bank interest rate decline, but offset by an increase in government
grants.

OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

The Group recorded net other gains of RMB5.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 as compared to net
other losses of RMB0.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The increase was primarily due to the fair value
change of contingent consideration payables, but offset by the losses from changes in fair value of financial assets at
fair value through profit or loss.

FINANCE COSTS

Finance costs decreased by 8.7% from RMB6.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB5.5 million for
the six months ended 30 June 2026 due to a decrease in interest expense of lease liabilities, partially offset by an
increase in interest expense on discounted note receivables.

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s profit for the period increased significantly by 47.1% from RMB74.0 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB108.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

NON-IFRS MEASURE

In evaluating our business, we consider and use (i) Adjusted Net Profit; and (ii) Adjusted Net Profit margin as
supplemental measures to review and assess our operating performance. The presentation of these non-IFRS
financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the financial information
prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS. We define Adjusted Net Profit as profit for the period adding back
(i) equity-settled share-based payment expenses; and (ii) acquisition-related expenses in relation to the acquisition of
Yikuai Pharmaceutical. We define Adjusted Net Profit margin as Adjusted Net Profit divided by revenue. We present
these non-IFRS financial measures because they are used by our management to evaluate our operating performance
and formulate business plans. Accordingly, we believe that the use of these non-IFRS financial measures provide
useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner
as our management and Board. These non-IFRS financial measures are not defined under IFRS and are not presented
in accordance with IFRS. These non-IFRS financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool. Further, these non-
IFRS measures may differ from the non-IFRS information used by other companies, including peer companies, and
therefore its comparability may be limited. These non-IFRS financial measures should not be considered in isolation
or construed as alternatives to profit/loss or any other measure of performance. Investors are encouraged to review
our historical non-IFRS financial measures in light of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, as shown below.
The non-IFRS financial measures presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by
other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting the usefulness of such
measures when analysing our data comparatively. We encourage you to review our financial information in its entirety
and not rely on a single financial measure.




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   17
Management Discussion and Analysis


The Adjusted Net Profit, which is unaudited, represents profit for the period adding back (i) equity-settled share-
based payment expenses; and (ii) acquisition-related expenses in relation to the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical.
The Adjusted Net Profit of the Group increased significantly from RMB121.8 million for the six months ended 30 June
2025 to RMB137.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing a year-on-year growth of 12.9%.

The following table reconciles our Adjusted Net Profit from the most directly comparable financial measure
calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS (profit for the period).

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                   (RMB’000)           (RMB’000)
                                                                                  (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Profit for the period                                                                108,858                 73,998
 Add back:
 Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                           15,692                34,790
 Acquisition-related expenses                                                          12,976                12,976
 Adjusted Net Profit, a non-IFRS measure                                              137,526               121,764
 Adjusted Net Profit margin, a non-IFRS measure                                         1.3%                  1.2%


Adjusted Net Profit is not a measure of performance under IFRS. The use of the Adjusted Net Profit has material
limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact our profit for the relevant period.

LIQUIDITY AND SOURCE OF FUNDING AND BORROWING

The Group financed its operating and investing activities mainly through cash generated from capital contribution
from shareholders and operating activities. Our cash and cash equivalents are represented by cash and bank balances
and time deposits with original maturity of three months or less.

As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased by 13.7% from RMB710.0 million as at 31
December 2025 to RMB807.1 million. The increase in cash and cash equivalents for the six months ended 30 June
2026 was mainly due to a higher turnover efficiency of working capital.




18     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


The following table sets forth our cash flows for the period indicated:

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                   (RMB’000)           (RMB’000)
                                                                                  (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Net cash generated from operating activities                                         263,977                   256,660
 Net cash generated from (used in) investing activities                               104,502                  (114,626)
 Net cash used in financing activities                                               (271,109)                   (76,557)
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                             97,370                     65,477
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                             709,959                 1,041,228
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 (261)                      (798)
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                   807,068                 1,105,907

The Group adopts a prudent financial management approach for its cash management policy to ensure that
the Group’s liquidity structure, comprising assets, liabilities and other commitments, is able to always meet its
capital requirements. Going forward, we believe our liquidity requirements will be satisfied by using funds from a
combination of cash generated from operating activities, external borrowings, and other funds raised from the capital
markets from time to time.

NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB264.0 million. It was
mainly attributable to our profit before tax of RMB105.5 million for the period, as adjusted for (i) non-cash and non-
operating items, primarily comprising depreciation of RMB76.6 million and equity-settled share-based payment
expenses of RMB15.7 million; and (ii) changes in working capital, including a decrease of RMB140.5 million in trade
and other receivables, but offset by an increase of RMB38.5 million in inventories.

NET CASH GENERATED FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, net cash generated from investing activities was RMB104.5 million. It was
mainly due to (i) the net inflow of RMB395.1 million from the withdrawal of restricted bank deposits; and (ii) the
purchase of other financial assets at amortised cost of RMB220.0 million.

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, net cash used in financing activities was RMB271.1 million, which was mainly
attributable to (i) share repurchases; and (ii) dividends paid.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a
value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as at 30 June 2026) for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
consolidated affiliated entities or associated companies, save as disclosed in the other announcements of the
Company.


                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   19
Management Discussion and Analysis


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s interest-bearing deposits of RMB1,996.0 million (31 December 2025: RMB2,225.1
million) were used as pledge for the issuance of bank acceptance notes.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 30 June 2026.

GEARING RATIO

The Group’s gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. As of 30 June
2026, as the Group had interest-bearing bank borrowings advanced from discounted notes, its gearing ratio was 5.6%
(as of 31 December 2025: 6.4%).

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed below, there were no significant events that might affect our Group since the end of the Reporting
Period and up to the date of this interim report.

(1)      From 1 July 2026 to 21 July 2026, the trustee of the 2023 Share Incentive Plan repurchased 2,489,200 Shares on
         the market to satisfy awards under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan. Details are set out in the announcement of
         the Company dated 20 August 2026.

(2)      On 20 August 2026, the Board announced a plan to utilise up to HK$100,000,000 for the repurchase of Shares
         on the open market under the general mandate granted by the Shareholders to the Board by an ordinary
         resolution passed in the annual general meeting of the Company held on 21 May 2026. Shares repurchased
         under the plan will be cancelled in due course. Details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated
         20 August 2026.

(3)      On 20 August 2026, the Group announced that the founders and core management team of Yikuai
         Pharmaceutical have entered into a new three-year performance undertaking with the Group in respect of the
         years of 2027, 2028 and 2029, and that the post-acquisition integration of business, systems, organisation and
         digitalisation was progressing smoothly. Details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 20
         August 2026.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

As at 30 June 2026, the Group had 6,795 employees. The following table sets forth the total number of employees by
function as at 30 June 2026:

                                                                                                         Number of
 Function                                                                                                employees


 General and Administrative                                                                                     1,015
 Selling and Marketing                                                                                          3,391
 Operations                                                                                                     2,071
 Research and Development                                                                                         318

 Total                                                                                                         6,795



20       YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


The Group believes in the importance of attraction, recruitment and retention of quality employees in achieving
the Group’s success. Employees’ remuneration is determined in accordance with prevailing industry practice and
employees’ educational backgrounds, experience and performance. The remuneration policy and package of the
Group’s employees are periodically reviewed.

The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises competitive salaries, performance-based sales
commissions, performance-based cash bonuses and certain other incentives. In accordance with applicable PRC
regulations, the Group has made contributions to the housing fund and various employee social security plans
that are organised by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical,
maternity, work-related injury and unemployment benefit plans, at specified percentages of the salaries of our
employees. Bonuses and sales commissions are generally discretionary and based in part on employee performance
and in part on the overall performance of our business.

The Company also has adopted two share incentive plans, the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive
Plan to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General
Information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further details of the share incentive plans.

The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was RMB616.1 million,
compared with RMB628.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group did not experience any significant labour disputes or any difficulty
in recruiting employees.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the transactions
were settled in Renminbi (“RMB”), the Company’s primary consolidated affiliated entities’ functional currency. We are
exposed to foreign exchange risk arising mainly from bank balances and financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss denominated in foreign currency of certain entities of the Group. The Group currently does not have a foreign
currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor
its foreign currency exposure and foreign exchange risk management strategies closely and will consider hedging
significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise to minimise its foreign exchange risk.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026 (31 December 2025: Nil).




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   21
Corporate Governance and Other Information


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 27 August 2018 as an exempted company with limited
liability, and the Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date.

The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate
governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of Shareholders
and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG
Code except for the deviation as set out below.

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the roles of chairperson and chief
executive be separate and not be performed by the same person. Our Company deviates from this provision as Mr.
Buzhen Zhang performs both the roles of chairman of our Board and the chief executive officer of our Company.
Mr. Zhang is the founder of the Company and a substantial shareholder, and has extensive experience in the
business operations and management of our Group. Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairman
and chief executive officer to Mr. Zhang has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and
enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning. This structure will enable our Company to make and
implement decisions promptly and effectively. Our Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not
be impaired due to this arrangement. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of our
Board, including the relevant board committees, and our three independent non-executive Directors. Our Board will
reassess the division of the roles of chairman and the chief executive officer from time-to-time, and may recommend
dividing the two roles between different people in the future, taking into account the circumstances of our Group as
a whole.

Code provision C.3.2 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the functions reserved to the
board and those delegated to management should be formalised. These arrangements should also be reviewed
periodically to ensure that they remain appropriate to the issuer’s needs. The Company did not review periodically
the arrangement regarding the functions reserved to the Board and those delegated to management. However,
when a matter arises that requires decision, the Board will determine whether it should be reserved for the Board or
delegate to the management to deal with.

The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by Directors
and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the Model
Code during the Reporting Period. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the relevant employees has
been noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.




22     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                 Corporate Governance and Other Information


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company has established the Audit Committee, in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the CG
Code (as amended from time to time), comprising three members, being Ms. Rong Shao, Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun and
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao, with Mr. Zhao (being the Company’s independent non-executive Director with the appropriate
professional qualifications) as chairman of the Audit Committee, among other things, to review and supervise the
financial reporting process and internal controls system of our Group, review and approve connected transactions
and provide advice and comments to the Board.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026
and this interim report, and has met with the independent Auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The Audit Committee
has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and
internal control with senior management members of the Company. The condensed consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 have been reviewed by the Auditor in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

OTHER BOARD COMMITTEES

In addition to the Audit Committee, the Company has also established a nomination committee, a remuneration
committee and an environmental, social and corporate governance committee.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, save for the Shares repurchased through a trust for the purpose of satisfying grants
made under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan as detailed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including sale of treasury Shares (as defined under the Listing
Rules)). As at 30 June 2026, there were 1,800,000 repurchased Shares for cancellation but not yet cancelled. As at 30
June 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury Shares.




                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   23
Corporate Governance and Other Information


MATERIAL LITIGATION

The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the six months ended 30 June 2026.
The Directors are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group
during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (for
the six months ended 30 June 2025: nil).

CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION

Changes in information of Directors which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
are set out below:

(1)    Mr. Fei Chen has been acting, since March 2025, as an independent non-executive director of Shanghai Seer
       Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (上海仙工智能科技股份有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange
       (stock code: 6106) since June 2026.

(2)    Ms. Rong Shao ceased to act as an independent director of Jiangsu GDK Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (江
       蘇金迪克生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688670), with
       effect from May 2026.

(3)    Mr. Ziyang Zhu ceased to act as a non-executive director of Ping An Healthcare and Technology Company
       Limited (平安健康醫療科技有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1833), with effect
       from August 2026.

Save as disclosed above, there is no other change in information of Directors required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the last published annual report and up to the date of this interim report.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATION PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules
13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




24     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                        Corporate Governance and Other Information


DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures of the Company or Any of Its Associated Corporations

As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO, which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code were as follows:

Interest in the Company

                                                                                                   Approximate
                                       Capacity/                              Number of           percentage of          Long position/
  Name of Director                     Nature of interest                 ordinary shares              holding(1)        Short position


  Mr. Buzhen Zhang(2)                  Interest in a controlled                 126,278,784                  18.25%      Long position
                                          corporation
                                       Interest in spouse                         5,400,000                    0.78%     Long position
                                       Beneficial owner                          26,041,213                    3.76%     Long position
  Mr. Fei Chen(3)                      Beneficial owner                          15,660,305                    2.26%     Long position

Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 691,792,268 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.

(2)      Represents (i) 126,278,784 Shares held by MIYT Holdings Limited, a company controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited, which in turn is
         wholly owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director; (ii) 4,800,000 Shares underlying options granted under the
         2019 Share Incentive Plan and 600,000 Shares granted under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, both held by Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse
         of Mr. Zhang. Under the SFO, Mr. Zhang is deemed to be interested in the entire interests of MIYT Holdings Limited and Ms. Xu in
         our Company; and (iii) 26,041,213 Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Buzhen Zhang under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.

(3)      Represents (i) 5,300,000 Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Chen under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan; (ii) 6,510,305 Shares
         underlying options granted to Mr. Chen under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan; and (iii) 3,850,000 Shares.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, so far as was known to any Director or the chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company had any interest or short position in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   25
Corporate Governance and Other Information


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2026, the persons other than the Directors and chief executives, whose interests had been disclosed in
this interim report, had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                    Approximate
                                      Capacity/                      Number of     percentage of     Long position/
 Name of Shareholder                  Nature of interest         ordinary shares        holding(1)     Short position


 MIYT Holdings Limited(2)             Beneficial owner             126,278,784           18.25%      Long position
 MIYT Worldwide Limited(2)            Interest of a controlled      126,278,784           18.25%     Long position
                                         corporation
 TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(2)                 Interest of a controlled       126,278,784          18.25%     Long position
                                         corporation
 Buzhen Zhang(2)(3)(4)                Interest of a controlled       126,278,784          18.25%     Long position
                                         corporation
                                      Interest of spouse               5,400,000            0.78%    Long position
                                      Beneficial owner                26,041,213            3.76%    Long position
 Million Surplus                      Beneficial owner               45,110,584            6.52%     Long position
  Developments Limited(5)
 Meta Group Limited(5)                Interest of a controlled        45,110,584            6.52%    Long position
                                         corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology             Interest of a controlled        45,110,584            6.52%    Long position
   Holdings Limited(5)                   corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology             Interest of a controlled        45,110,584            6.52%    Long position
   Investment Limited(5)                 corporation
 Sounda Hopson Investment             Interest of a controlled        45,110,584            6.52%    Long position
   Holdings Limited(5)                   corporation
 Sounda Properties Limited(5)         Beneficial owner               16,400,000            2.37%     Long position
                                      Interest of a controlled        45,110,584            6.52%    Long position
                                         corporation
 Chu Mang Yee(5)                      Interest of a controlled        61,510,584            8.89%    Long position
                                         corporation




26     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                   Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                 Approximate
                                   Capacity/                      Number of     percentage of      Long position/
Name of Shareholder                Nature of interest         ordinary shares        holding(1)      Short position


H Capital V, L.P.(6)               Beneficial owner               55,831,444            8.07%      Long position
H Capital V GP, L.P.(6)            Interest of a controlled        55,831,444            8.07%     Long position
                                      corporation
H Capital V GP, Ltd.(6)            Interest of a controlled        55,831,444            8.07%     Long position
                                      corporation
Xiaohong Chen(6)                   Interest of a controlled        55,831,444            8.07%     Long position
                                      corporation
Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.(7)        Nominee for another            53,497,200            7.73%      Long position
                                      person
Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd.(7)   Interest of a controlled        53,497,200            7.73%     Long position
                                      corporation
Tiger Global Private Investment    Beneficial owner                53,497,200            7.73%     Long position
  Partners XI, L.P.(7)
Tiger Global Management LLC(7) Investment manager                  53,497,200            7.73%     Long position
Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, Interest of a controlled          53,497,200            7.73%     Long position
  L.P.(7)                           corporation
Charles P. Coleman III(7)        Interest of a controlled          53,497,200            7.73%     Long position
                                    corporation
Futu Trustee Limited             Trustee(8)                       32,700,467            4.73%      Long position
                                 Custodian(9)                      8,603,148            1.24%      Long position




                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   27
Corporate Governance and Other Information


Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 691,792,268 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.

(2)      MIYT Holdings Limited is controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited which in turn is the holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman)
         Ltd., the trustee of a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Buzhen
         Zhang, TMF (Cayman) Ltd. and MIYT Worldwide Limited is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by MIYT Holdings
         Limited.

(3)      Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, is interested in (i) 4,800,000 Shares underlying options granted under the 2019
         Share Incentive Plan; (ii) 600,000 Shares granted under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan. By virtue of Part XV of the SFO, Mr. Buzhen
         Zhang is deemed to be interested in the entire interest of Ms. Xiaoye Xu in our Company.

(4)      Mr. Buzhen Zhang is interested in 26,041,213 Shares underlying options granted to him under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.

(5)      Million Surplus Developments Limited is wholly owned by Meta Group Limited, which is in turn controlled by Sounda Hopson
         Technology Holdings Limited and by Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited. Both Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings
         Limited and Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited are wholly owned by Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings Limited,
         which in turn is wholly owned by Sounda Properties Limited. Sounda Properties Limited is controlled by Mr. Chu Mang Yee.
         Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Chu Mang Yee, Sounda Properties Limited, Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings
         Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited and Meta Group Limited is
         deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Million Surplus Developments Limited and Mr. Chu Mang Yee is deemed to be
         interested in all of the Shares held by Sounda Properties Limited.

(6)      H Capital V GP, L.P. is the general partner of H Capital V, L.P. H Capital V GP, Ltd. is the general partner of H Capital V GP, L.P. and
         is controlled by Ms. Xiaohong Chen. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Ms. Xiaohong Chen, H Capital V GP, Ltd. and H
         Capital V GP, L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by H Capital V, L.P.

(7)      Internet Fund V Pte. Ltd. is wholly owned by Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd., which is in turn controlled by Tiger Global Private
         Investment Partners XI, L.P., whose general partner is Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and which is wholly owned by Tiger
         Global Management, LLC. Both Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and Tiger Global Management, LLC are controlled by Mr.
         Charles P. Coleman III. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Charles P. Coleman III, Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P.,
         Tiger Global Management, LLC, Tiger Global Private Investment Partners XI, L.P. and Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd. is deemed to be
         interested in all of the Shares held by Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.

(8)      Futu Trustee Limited is the trustee of the YSB-FUTU 2023 Share Incentive Trust, which was set up for the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.

(9)      These Shares are held by Futu Trustee Limited as the custodian of the vested shares for the grantees of the 2023 Share Incentive
         Plan.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026 based on publicly available information, no other person (other than the
Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of
the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or which were required to be entered in the register required to be kept
under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

Details of Share Incentive Plans of our Company

The Company had two share incentive plans in effect during the Reporting Period: (a) the 2019 Share Incentive Plan,
which was adopted before our Listing and does not constitute a share scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules and under which we may not grant any new incentive units (or awards) after Listing; and (b) the 2023 Share
Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Plans”), which was adopted immediately prior to our Listing and constitutes a share
scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The following table summarises certain material terms of the Plans. For further information about the 2019 Share
Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-15 to IV-16 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus. For further information about the
2023 Share Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-19 to IV-28 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.




28       YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          Corporate Governance and Other Information


2,429,450 new Shares, representing approximately 0.36% of the weighted average of issued share capital (excluding
treasury Shares) of the Company, may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted during the Reporting
Period to eligible participants pursuant to the Plans.

Further details and relevant breakdowns of each of the Plans are set out below:

                                           2019 Share Incentive Plan              2023 Share Incentive Plan


Scheme mandate limit                       47,772,984 Shares                      63,235,005 new Shares; and subject to an annual
                                                                                    limit of 5% of the total issued shares immediately
                                                                                    upon Listing, for awards over existing Shares
                                                                                    (which is automatically refreshed on 1 January
                                                                                    of each year up to 5% of the total issued share
                                                                                    number on 31 December of the previous year,
                                                                                    and which may be adjusted by the Board from
                                                                                    time to time).

Number of options and awards (either to    No further grant of awards would       As at 1 January 2026, the total number of Award
 be satisfied by new Shares or existing     be made under the 2019 Share            Shares (to be satisfied by new Shares) available
 Shares) available for grant under the      Incentive Plan after Listing. As        for grant under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan was
 scheme mandate and the service             at 1 January 2026 and 30 June           48,067,328 Shares.
 provider sublimit (if applicable)          2026, the aggregate number of
 at the beginning and the end of the        underlying Shares pursuant to the     During the Reporting Period, 2,533,700 Award
 Reporting Period                           outstanding options granted under      Shares (to be satisfied by new Shares) had been
                                            the 2019 Share Incentive Plan were     granted and 374,497 Award Shares had lapsed
                                            28,401,072 and 28,191,972 Shares,      pursuant to the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.
                                            respectively.
                                                                                  As at 30 June 2026, the total number of Award
                                                                                    Shares (to be satisfied by new Shares) available
                                                                                    for grant under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan was
                                                                                    45,908,125 Shares.

Service provider sublimit                  N/A                                    The sublimit of the number of Award Shares
                                                                                    available for grant under the 2023 Share Incentive
                                                                                    Plan to the service providers as at 1 January 2026
                                                                                    and as at 30 June 2026 was 1,144,700 new Shares.

Number of Shares available for issue       28,191,972 Shares, representing        52,066,845 Shares, representing 7.52% of the
 (i.e., new Shares) pursuant to awards       4.07% of the Company’s total           Company’s total issued share number (excluding
 granted and ungranted under the plan        issued share number (excluding         treasury Shares, if any) as at the date of the
 (assuming no granted awards have            treasury Shares, if any) as at the     interim report.
 lapsed or are cancelled or satisfied        date of the interim report, all of
 in a manner other than issuing new          which represent awards already
 Shares)                                     granted prior to Listing.




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.     29
Corporate Governance and Other Information


Details of grants made under the Plans

The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding share options under the 2019 Share Incentive
Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards were made under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan that
ought to be disclosed in this interim report.

2019 Share Incentive Plan


                                                                                                                                                   Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Number of                         Fair value       Weighted
                                                                                                                       Number of                                                                                               Shares                       of options        average
                                                                                                                          options                   Number of        Number of         Number of        Number of     underlying the                       on date of          closing
                                                                                                                      outstanding    Number of         options          options          options           options       outstanding    Closing price   grant and the         price of
                                                                    Vesting period                                           as at      options      exercised        cancelled            lapsed      outstanding           options        of Shares      accounting       our Shares
                                                                    (from date of grant)                                beginning granted during    during the       during the        during the         as at end         as at end    immediately         standard     immediately
  Name or category           Position/                              and/or performance              Exercise price   of Reporting the Reporting     Reporting        Reporting         Reporting      of Reporting      of Reporting       before the       and policy      before the
  of grantee(1)              Relationship      Date of grant        target(2)                         per Share(3)         Period        Period         Period           Period            Period            Period            Period   date of grant       adopted(4)   exercise date



  Fei Chen                   Director, Chief 5 May 2022             Two-third of the outstanding          US$0.40       2,650,000             –              –                 –                –         2,650,000        5,300,000             N/A              N/A             N/A
                               Financial Officer,                      options will be vested within
                               Joint Company                           4 years, and one-third of the
                               Secretary                               outstanding options will be
                                                                       vested upon the completion
                                                                       of the core projects
  Xiaoye Xu(5)                  Chief Operation 1 October 2019 to 4 years                            US$0.525-1.00      2,400,000             –              –                 –                –         2,400,000        4,800,000             N/A              N/A             N/A
                                  Officer of Online 1 November 2021
                                  Marketplace
  Employee participants                            1 July 2017 to   4 years                           US$0.14-1.00      9,100,536             –          41,800                –           62,750         8,995,986       17,991,972             N/A              N/A         HK$5.38
     in aggregate                                     10 June 2023
  Service provider participants                    1 January 2023   4 years                                    Nil        50,000              –              –                 –                –           50,000           100,000             N/A              N/A             N/A
     (consultants) in aggregate


  Total                                                                                                               14,200,536              –         41,800                 –           62,750      14,095,986        28,191,972


Notes:

(1)             With respect to each award granted, upon each vesting date, the portion of the award that vests shall depend on the grantee
                meeting the vesting requirements, which are typically performance targets for a specified threshold in their performance evaluations
                during the one-year period prior to the vesting date, or upon successful completion of specified projects.

(2)             The exercise period of these options commences from the vesting date of the relevant options and end on the tenth anniversary of
                the grant date thereof, subject to the terms of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the share option agreement signed by the grantee.

(3)             No consideration was payable by grantees for these share options.

(4)             The fair value of share options was calculated according to the binomial option pricing model. The fair value was determined based
                on a number of factors, including market conditions (e.g., share price volatility and fluctuations), the impact of any non-vesting
                conditions (e.g., lock-up restrictions), and excluding any impact of service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g.,
                profitability, sales growth targets, employment tenure). For the relevant accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 3
                and Note 18 to the “Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements”.

(5)             Ms. Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former Director.


Further details of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan are also set out in Note 18 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026.




30              YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information


2023 Share Incentive Plan

The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding Award Shares over new Shares under the 2023
Share Incentive Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards over new Shares were made under the
2023 Share Incentive Plan that ought to be disclosed in this interim report.


                                                                                                                                Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Fair value of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Award
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Shares on    Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    date of grant      average
                                                                                                  Outstanding                                                                                       Closing price         and the closing price
                                                                                                          as at      Granted        Exercised       Cancelled         Lapsed       Outstanding          of Shares     accounting      of Shares
                                                                     Vesting period                  beginning     during the      during the      during the      during the          as at end     immediately         standard immediately
  Name or category                                                   (from date     Performance   of Reporting     Reporting       Reporting       Reporting       Reporting       of Reporting        before the      and policy   before the
  of grantee       Position/Relationship         Date of grant       of grant)      target              Period         Period          Period          Period          Period             Period    date of grant      adopted(8) exercise date


  Directors, Chief Executive, Substantial Shareholders and Associates
  Xiaoye Xu(9)       Chief Operation Officer      6 November 2024 3 years          See Note 7          400,000             –               –                –               –           400,000              N/A            N/A            N/A
                       of Online Marketplace
  Other Grantees
  992 grantees       Employee participants        4 September 2023 2-4 years(1)    See Note 7         1,234,700             –               –               –          67,000          1,167,700            N/A            N/A             N/A
  618 grantees       Employee participants        6 February 2024 1-4 years(2)     See Note 7         4,845,835             –       2,955,918               –         148,247          1,741,670            N/A            N/A          HK$5.42
  1 grantee          Service provider participant 6 February 2024 2 years(3)       See Note 7            60,000             –          60,000               –               –                 Nil           N/A            N/A          HK$5.42
  35 grantees        Employee participants        6 November 2024 1-4 years(4)     See Note 7           710,000             –               –               –          45,000            665,000            N/A            N/A             N/A
  10 grantees        Employee participants        3 April 2025     2-3 years(5)    See Note 7           980,000             –         330,000               –          10,000            640,000            N/A            N/A          HK$5.38
  415 grantees       Employee participants        10 February 2026 1-3 years(6)    See Note 7                Nil    2,533,700               –               –         104,250          2,429,450         HK$5.43        HK$5.43            N/A


  Total                                                                                             8,230,535      2,533,700       3,345,918                –        374,497         7,043,820


Notes:

(1)           627,900 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; and 3,190,100 Award Shares
              shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was payable on the grant of
              these Award Shares.

(2)           1,462,500 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 3,275,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on
              annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; 5,655,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years equally on annual basis in arrears
              from the date of grant; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant.
              No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(3)           120,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was
              payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(4)           2,000 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 444,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years from the date of grant
              equally on an annual basis in arrears; 600,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years from the date of the grant equally on an
              annual basis in arrears; 30,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 26 March 2025 and 50% to be vested
              on 26 March 2026; 130,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 21 July 2025 and 50% to be vested on
              21 July 2026; 12,000 Award Shares shall vest in three batches, with one-third to be vested on 7 July 2025, one-third to be vested on 7
              July 2026 and one-third to be vested on 7 July 2027; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest in four batches, with 25% to be vested on 11
              July 2025, 25% to be vested on 11 July 2026, 25% to be vested on 11 July 2027 and 25% to be vested on 11 July 2028.

(5)           980,000 Award Shares shall vest between 3 April 2026 and 3 April 2028. The period between the grant date and the first vesting date
              is more than 12 months. No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.




                                                                                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.                             31
Corporate Governance and Other Information


(6)    1,793,700 Award Shares shall vest on the first anniversary date from the date of grant; 160,000 Award Shares shall vest equally on an
       annual basis over two years from the date of grant; 530,000 Award Shares shall vest on the 24-month anniversary date from the date
       of grant; 16,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 26 December 2027 and 50% to be vested on 26
       December 2028; 20,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 10 September 2027 and 50% to be vested
       on 10 September 2028; and 14,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 30 July 2027 and 50% to be
       vested on 30 July 2028. No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(7)    Each vesting of the Award Shares granted to the award grantees will be subject to the individual annual performance targets
       as stipulated in the respective grant letters entered into by each award grantee and the Company. These performance targets
       are set against certain benchmark in which the individual grantee achieves, including but not limited to annual sales target, and
       various project milestone achievements, etc. The vesting percentage of the Award Shares will be adjusted based on his/her annual
       performance evaluation at each vesting.

(8)    The fair value of Award Shares was determined based on the market price of the Company’s Shares at the grant date. For the
       relevant accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 18 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the
       six months ended 30 June 2026.

(9)    Ms. Xiaoye Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former director of our
       Company.


Details regarding grants to be satisfied by existing shares will be disclosed in the annual report for the year ending 31
December 2026 according to the Listing Rules’ requirements. Further details of the 2023 Share Incentive Plan are also
set out in Note 18 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026.




32     YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
 Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF YSB INC.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 34 to 67, which comprise the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position as of 30 June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
thereof and IAS 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The
directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated
financial statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed
consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making
inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
20 August 2026




                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   33
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2026               2025
                                                          NOTES      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Revenue                                                    4     10,283,053            9,842,619
 Cost of sales                                                    (9,131,672)          (8,738,117)


 Gross profit                                                      1,151,381           1,104,502

 Other income                                               5         36,166              36,687
 Other gains and losses                                     6          5,566                (384)
 Impairment losses reversed (recognised) under
   expected credit loss model, net                                       404                  (264)
 Selling and marketing expenses                                     (840,872)           (826,937)
 Research and development expenses                                   (43,609)             (48,566)
 General and administrative expenses                                (189,766)           (190,057)
 Share of result of an associate                                      (8,207)                    –
 Finance costs                                              7         (5,541)               (6,068)


 Profit before tax                                                   105,522              68,913
 Income tax credit                                          8          3,336               5,085


 Profit and total comprehensive income for the period       9        108,858              73,998


 Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income (expense)
   for the period attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                               110,837              78,117
 Non-controlling interests                                            (1,979)              (4,119)


                                                                     108,858              73,998


 Earnings per share
   Basic (RMB)                                             11          0.164               0.115


     Diluted (RMB)                                         11          0.163               0.113




34      YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
             Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                           As at 30 June 2026




                                                                                As at                  As at
                                                                             30 June           31 December
                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                  NOTES     RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)              (audited)


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment, net                                            51,484                   48,119
Right-of-use assets                                                          156,734                  166,525
Intangible assets                                                            461,172                  483,198
Interest in an associate                                                      10,833                   19,040
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)    13          6,000                    6,000
Goodwill                                                                     273,290                  273,290
Deferred tax assets                                                            4,848                    4,809
Amount due from an associate                                       21         40,950                        –
Time deposits                                                                495,000                  408,000
Other financial assets at amortised cost                           14        375,397                  152,351


                                                                           1,875,708                1,561,332


Current assets
Inventories                                                                1,911,856                1,873,196
Trade and other receivables                                        12        597,671                  736,307
Financial assets at FVTPL                                          13        554,211                  708,160
Amount due from an associate                                       21          7,733                    9,617
Time deposits                                                                396,154                  330,429
Restricted bank deposits                                                   1,241,481                1,636,628
Bank balances and cash                                                       807,068                  706,874


                                                                           5,516,174                6,001,211


Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                           15     (4,642,065)              (4,647,365)
Tax payable                                                                     (771)                        –
Contract liabilities                                                         (19,649)                  (25,174)
Lease liabilities                                                            (76,174)                  (80,106)
Bank borrowings                                                             (130,366)                (151,653)


                                                                          (4,869,025)              (4,904,298)


Net current assets                                                           647,149                1,096,913


Total assets less current liabilities                                      2,522,857                2,658,245




                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   35
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2026




                                                              As at           As at
                                                           30 June    31 December
                                                              2026            2025
                                                NOTES     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                        (unaudited)       (audited)


 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                         (89,557)          (95,694)
 Deferred tax liabilities                                 (102,715)        (106,783)
 Contingent consideration payables               16              –           (69,575)


                                                          (192,272)        (272,052)


 Net assets                                              2,330,585       2,386,193


 Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                   17             12              12
 Reserves                                                2,383,039       2,443,306


 Equity attributable to owners of the Company            2,383,051       2,443,318
 Non-controlling interests                                 (52,466)         (57,125)


 Total equity                                            2,330,585       2,386,193




36    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                      Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                            Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                                    Share-
                                                                        Deferred                    based                                                   Non-
                                                  Share       Share consideration      Capital   payments     Treasury      Accumulated                controlling
                                                 capital   premium        shares     reserves1    reserves      shares            losses     Sub-total interests        Total
                                                RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000


    At 1 January 2025 (audited)                      12    9,625,022       41,770       39,890     225,864       (7,274)       (7,606,221)    2,319,063    (50,419)   2,268,644


    Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
      income (expense) for the period                 –            –            –           –            –              –         78,117        78,117      (4,119)     73,998
    Recognition of equity-settled share-based
      payments (Note 18)                              –           –             –           –       34,790              –               –       34,790           –      34,790
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 16)             *       8,055        (8,055)          –            –              –               –            –           –           –
    Dividends recognised as distribution
      (Note 10)                                       –      (50,786)           –           –            –            –                 –       (50,786)         –      (50,786)
    Repurchase of shares (Note 17)                    –            –            –           –            –      (51,766)                –       (51,766)         –      (51,766)
    Exercise of share options and vesting of
      RSUs2 (Note 18)                                  *     27,404             –           –      (30,614)      1,542                  –        (1,668)         –       (1,668)


    At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                      12    9,609,695       33,715       39,890     230,040      (57,498)       (7,528,104)    2,327,750    (54,538)   2,273,212


    At 1 January 2026 (audited)                      12 9,643,310         38,864       39,890     205,685      (31,187)       (7,453,256)    2,443,318     (57,125) 2,386,193


    Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
      income (expense) for the period                 –            –            –           –            –              –       110,837       110,837       (1,979)   108,858
    Recognition of equity-settled share-based
      payments (Note 18)                              –          –              –           –      15,692               –               –      15,692            –     15,692
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 16)             *     31,120         (5,856)          –           –               –               –      25,264            –     25,264
    Dividends recognised as distribution
      (Note 10)                                       –     (75,491)            –           –            –           –                  –      (75,491)         –      (75,491)
    Repurchase of shares (Note 17)                    –           –             –           –            –    (128,773)                 –     (128,773)         –     (128,773)
    Acquisition of non-controlling interests          –      (6,638)            –           –            –           –                  –       (6,638)     6,638            –
    Exercise of share options and vesting of
      RSUs2 (Note 18)                                  *    20,882              –           –      (22,929)        889                  –       (1,158)          –      (1,158)


    At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                      12 9,613,183         33,008       39,890     198,448     (159,071)       (7,342,419)    2,383,051     (52,466) 2,330,585

*     Amount is less than RMB1,000.

1.           Capital reserves mainly represented deemed contribution from a shareholder arising from the waiver of the amount of approximately
             RMB30,925,000 due from YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) as at 31 December
             2021.

2.           RSU is defined as restricted share units.




                                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.             37
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Net cash generated from operating activities                   263,977             256,660


 INVESTING ACTIVITIES
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                       (22,082)              (6,152)
 Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment             1,672                  309
 Purchase of intangible assets                                      (436)                   –
 Placement of time deposits                                     (415,466)           (363,450)
 Withdrawal of time deposits                                     259,656             200,428
 Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                        (6,714,891)         (6,381,601)
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL           6,866,295           6,361,977
 Investment income received from financial assets at FVTPL         9,803                8,530
 Net cash outflow from disposal of a subsidiary                   (1,590)                   –
 Loans to an associate                                           (40,950)                   –
 Bank interest income received                                    18,507               23,776
 Purchase of other financial assets at amortised cost           (220,000)                   –
 Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 16)       (31,163)             (35,558)
 Placement of restricted bank deposits                        (1,141,076)           (846,945)
 Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                        1,536,223             924,060


 Net cash generated from (used in) investing activities         104,502            (114,626)


 FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Repayments of lease liabilities                                (40,478)             (44,895)
 New bank borrowings raised                                     131,437               98,491
 Repayment of bank borrowings                                  (152,724)             (21,708)
 Interest paid                                                   (5,541)               (6,068)
 Dividends paid                                                 (75,186)             (50,786)
 Repurchase of shares                                          (128,773)             (51,766)
 Proceeds from exercise of share options                            156                   175


 Net cash used in financing activities                         (271,109)             (76,557)


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                       97,370              65,477

 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period       709,959           1,041,228

 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                            (261)               (798)


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period             807,068           1,105,907


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end
   of the period, represented by
 Bank balances and cash                                         807,068           1,105,907




38    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026



1.   GENERAL

     The Company was incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 27
     August 2018 under the Companies Act. Its immediate holding company is MIYT Holdings Limited, a company
     incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The shares of the Company had been listed on the Main Board of
     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 28 June 2023 (the “Listing”).

     The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are set out in the
     corporate information section of the interim report of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Group mainly operates an online platform for wholesale
     and retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and provides online marketplace services to the
     pharmaceutical and healthcare manufacturers. The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are
     in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the
     functional currency of the Company.

2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34
     “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) as well as
     the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.

3.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
     certain financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

     Other than change in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to IFRS Accounting
     Standards, the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial
     statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   39
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



3.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards

      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
      issued by the IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning
      on 1 January 2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                         Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
                                                                of Financial Instruments
      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                         Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
      Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                 Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards
                                                                – Volume 11

      The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current interim period has had no
      material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or
      on the disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.

4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

      The Group is mainly engaged in i) wholesale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
      through its online platform; ii) retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products through its retail shops;
      iii) operating online platform that enables the pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own
      pharmaceutical and healthcare products using the Group’s online platform; iv) providing SaaS solutions to
      downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions to a) streamline their inventory management, or
      b) improve the patient management efficiency; and v) providing system technologies and operational support
      services to primary healthcare institutions through a smart healthcare system integrated advanced point-of-
      care testing and monitoring devices, digital management system and smart AI doctors-aid system.




40    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2026



4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                             six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)


              Type of goods or services:
                Self-operation business (Note i)                                                9,883,524                  9,389,356
                Online marketplace services (Note ii)                                             378,105                    436,297
                Others (Note iii)                                                                  21,424                     16,966


              Total                                                                           10,283,053                   9,842,619


              Timing of revenue recognition:
                At a point in time                                                            10,266,731                   9,832,262
                Over-time                                                                         16,322                      10,357


              Total                                                                           10,283,053                   9,842,619

           Notes:

           (i)        The Group sells pharmaceutical and healthcare products mainly to pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions.

           (ii)       The online marketplace services revenue represents the commission received by the Group from distributors and
                      vendors using the Group’s online platform, which is recognised upon end customers’ acceptance and is charged
                      based on a certain percentage of sales, net of discounts and return allowances made by the distributors and
                      vendors through the Group’s online platform.

           (iii)      Others mainly include

                      (1)     The Group collects usage fee and service fee for providing SaaS solutions to downstream pharmacies
                              and primary healthcare institutions to a) streamline their inventory management, or b) improve the patient
                              management efficiency.

                      (2)     The Group provides system technologies and operational support services to primary healthcare
                              institutions through a smart healthcare system integrated advanced point-of-care testing and monitoring
                              devices, digital management system and smart AI doctors-aid system.




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.     41
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

      (b)     Segment information

              For the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment, the executive directors of the
              Company, being the chief operating decision maker, review the overall results and financial position of
              the Group as a whole.

              Accordingly, only entity-wide disclosures and geographical information are presented.

      (c)     Geographic information

              The Group principally operates in the PRC, which is also the place of domicile. The Group’s revenue is
              all derived from operations in the PRC and the Group’s non-current assets are all located in the PRC.

5.    OTHER INCOME

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Government grants (Note)                                                                   3,708                     1,960
        Interest income                                                                           21,553                    23,776
        Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                                           9,803                     8,530
        Others                                                                                     1,102                     2,421


                                                                                                  36,166                    36,687

      Note:   It represented cash received from grants by the local government to encourage the business operations in the PRC with no
              future obligations. Government grants are recognised in profit and loss when received.




42    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2026



6.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)        (unaudited)


     Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                (1,489)                  (1,036)
     Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                      793                         –
     Donations                                                            (670)                      (96)
     (Losses) gains from changes in fair value of
       financial assets at FVTPL                                        (2,545)                      5,915
     Net foreign exchange losses                                          (261)                       (798)
     Gains (losses) from changes in fair value of contingent
       consideration payables                                           9,738                    (4,369)


                                                                        5,566                         (384)


7.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)        (unaudited)


     Interest expense on lease liabilities                              3,920                        4,697
     Interest expense on discounted note receivables                    1,621                        1,371


                                                                        5,541                        6,068




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.       43
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



8.    INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”):
          Current tax                                                                (771)                   –
          Deferred tax                                                              4,107                5,085


                                                                                    3,336                5,085


      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under
      the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands and is exempted from the Cayman Islands income tax.

      No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the condensed consolidated financial statements as
      the Group had no assessable profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax for both periods.

      Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the PRC EIT
      rate of subsidiaries of the Group operating in the PRC was 25% for both periods.




44    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026



9.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                (unaudited)        (unaudited)


       Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging:

       Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                               9,068,225                8,663,978
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 14,147                   14,202
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           40,200                   41,166
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                             22,263                   22,121
       (Reversal of) write down for obsolete inventories                               (174)                   2,413
       Auditor’s remuneration                                                           930                      930

       Staff costs:
       Directors’ emoluments                                                          3,946                    4,203
       Other staff costs                                                            612,137                  624,074


       Total staff costs                                                            616,083                  628,277


10.   DIVIDENDS

      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, a final dividend of RMB0.110 (equivalent to HK$0.125) per share
      in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB0.075 (equivalent
      to HK$0.081) per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024) was declared to owners of the
      Company. The aggregate amount of the final dividend declared and paid in the interim period amounted to
      RMB75,491,000 (equivalent to HK$85,785,000) and RMB75,186,000 (equivalent to HK$85,438,000), respectively
      (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB50,786,000 (equivalent to HK$54,608,000) and RMB50,786,000 (equivalent
      to HK$54,608,000), respectively).

      The directors of the Company have determined that no dividend will be paid in respect of the interim period.




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   45
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



11.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Profit for the period attributable to the owners of the
          Company for the purpose of calculating basic and
          diluted earnings per share                                                             110,837                    78,117


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026                2025
                                                                                          No. of shares      No. of shares
                                                                                           (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
          purpose of calculating basic earnings per share                                  676,038,481                681,901,859
        Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
          Share options and RSUs                                                               5,267,309                 9,457,644


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
         purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share                                 681,305,790                691,359,503


        Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the
          Company (RMB per share)                                                                   0.164                     0.115


        Diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the
          Company (RMB per share)                                                                   0.163                     0.113

      Note:   The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of certain of the Company’s options because
              the exercise prices of those options were higher than the average market price of the shares for the six months ended 30
              June 2026 and 2025.




46    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026



12.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                              As at                    As at
                                                                                           30 June             31 December
                                                                                              2026                     2025
                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)                (audited)


       Trade receivables                                                                      93,528                    95,560
       Less: allowance for credit losses                                                        (738)                   (1,142)


                                                                                              92,790                    94,418
       Note receivables                                                                       39,925                    40,219


       Total trade and note receivables                                                     132,715                   134,637


       Advance to suppliers                                                                 247,694                   350,669
       Receivables in custodian (Note)                                                       48,578                    92,320
       Deposits                                                                              43,600                    40,027
       Interest receivables                                                                  43,032                    40,604
       Prepaid expense                                                                       19,301                    28,233
       Other tax recoverable                                                                  4,225                     2,190
       Other receivables                                                                     58,526                    47,606
       Receivables from exercise of share options                                                 –                        21


       Total trade and other receivables                                                    597,671                   736,307

      Note:   The amounts represented the payments received from online customers of the self-operation business which would be
              deposited in escrow account and subsequently be withdrawn by the Group upon the customers’ acceptance of product
              delivery.




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.    47
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



12.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      Trade receivables

      The Group requires full payment in advance for its online product sales, certain offline product sales and retail
      sales. For other customers, the Group primarily allows a credit period of 30 days. Trade receivables are settled
      in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts.

      Aging analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                          As at                  As at
                                                                                       30 June           31 December
                                                                                          2026                   2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)              (audited)


        Within 3 months                                                                  74,339                 72,055
        3–6 months                                                                        5,735                 10,173
        6–12 months                                                                       9,313                  9,816
        Over 12 months                                                                    4,141                  3,516


                                                                                         93,528                 95,560
        Less: allowance for credit losses                                                  (738)                 (1,142)


                                                                                         92,790                 94,418


      Note receivables are trade receivables supported by bank acceptance notes and the average ageing is within
      2 to 6 months based on the received date and have a maturity period of less than one year.




48    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026



13.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

                                                                                                       As at                     As at
                                                                                                    30 June              31 December
                                                                                                       2026                      2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                 (unaudited)                 (audited)


         Current
         Unlisted equity investment                                                                   27,660                      27,660
         Wealth management products (Note i)                                                         156,482                     318,228
         Notes and investment funds (Note i)                                                         370,069                     362,272


                                                                                                     554,211                     708,160


         Non-current
         Limited partnership fund investment (Note ii)                                                   6,000                       6,000

      Notes:

      (i)      The return of wealth management products and notes and investment funds was determined by reference to the return of
               their underlying investments. The wealth management products and the notes can be redeemed any time at the Group’s
               discretion and the investment funds can be redeemed any time at the Group’s discretion or require 60 business days’ notice
               with redemption effective after a one-year period.

      (ii)     As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the Group invested into a limited partnership fund. The duration of the limited
               partnership is eight years and the Group has no right to early withdraw from the partnership. As a limited partner, the Group
               has no significant influence over the investment decision-making committee. As of 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025,
               the Group has a commitment of RMB9,000,000 for further investment into the fund which will be paid upon the general
               partner’s calls.


      Since the contractual cash flows of these financial assets do not represent solely the payments of principal and
      interest on the principal amount outstanding, the financial assets are measured at FVTPL. Details of the fair
      value measurement over the financial assets are disclosed in Note 20.




                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.      49
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



14.   OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTISED COST

                                                                                         As at                 As at
                                                                                      30 June          31 December
                                                                                         2026                  2025
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)             (audited)


        Long-term notes instrument
        – principal                                                                   370,000                150,000
        – interest receivables                                                          5,397                  2,351


                                                                                      375,397                152,351


      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group invested into two new 10-year notes instruments,
      each amounting to RMB110 million, which are principal protected with an annual interest rate of 2.885%. The
      instruments are callable annually by the issuer from June 2028 to June 2036.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group invested into a 10-year notes instrument, which is
      principal protected with an annual interest rate of 3.45%. The instrument is callable annually by the issuer from
      July 2027 to July 2034.

      The investments are held by the Group within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
      flows, and the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
      and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Hence, the investments in long-term notes instruments are
      measured at amortised cost.




50    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026



15.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                       2026                     2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)                (audited)


       Trade payables                                                              1,865,369                 1,515,914
       Note payables                                                               2,145,576                 2,439,232
       Salary and welfare payables                                                   145,626                   225,507
       Other tax payables                                                             15,503                    22,114
       Consideration payable on acquisition of subsidiaries                           34,118                    30,708
       Other payables                                                                434,496                   412,864
       Deposits received                                                               1,072                     1,026
       Dividend payable                                                                  305                         –


                                                                                   4,642,065                 4,647,365


      Trade payables

      The credit period of trade payables ranges from 30 to 90 days. The aging analysis of the trade payables based
      on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                       2026                     2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)                (audited)


       0–30 days                                                                   1,297,129                 1,133,594
       31–90 days                                                                    431,755                   298,641
       Over 90 days                                                                  136,485                    83,679


                                                                                   1,865,369                 1,515,914


      Note payables

      All note payables issued by the Group are with a maturity period of less than six months.




                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   51
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



16.   CONSIDERATION TRANSFERRED FOR THE ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

      On 15 October 2024, the Company and the independent third parties (“Sellers”) entered into an equity
      transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to purchase and the Sellers have agreed
      to sell 100% of the equity interest in Yikuai Pharmaceutical. Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd (“Folding Space”)
      is an investment holding company and Yikuai Pharmaceutical is principally engaged in business-to-business
      pharmaceutical supply chain, operation service platform and related businesses.

      The consideration consists of:

      (i)     the completion consideration payable to the Sellers with the cash consideration of RMB371.39 million
              and the remaining consideration by way of the allotment and issue of 38,868,918 consideration shares
              by the Company (the “Completion Consideration”);

      (ii)    subject to the satisfaction of the performance targets, the contingent consideration payable to founder
              sellers (the “Founder Sellers”), with the cash consideration of RMB60 million and the remaining
              consideration by way of the allotment and issue of 13,065,386 consideration shares by the Company;

      (iii)   subject to the satisfaction of the relevant conditions, contingent consideration by way of the allotment
              and issue of 4,357,561 consideration shares by the Company to one of the Sellers (the “Manager
              Sellers”) upon the completion of the sales and purchase of the shares of Folding Space held by the
              Manager Sellers (together with the above (ii) as the “Contingent Consideration”).

      The acquisition has been completed on 26 November 2024 and has been accounted for as acquisition of
      business using the acquisition method.

      Details of the acquisition were set out in the announcements of the Company dated 15 October 2024, 28
      October 2024 and 26 November 2024.




52    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2026



16.   CONSIDERATION TRANSFERRED FOR THE ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

      Fair value and settlement of consideration transferred for the acquisitions of:

                                                                             Consideration shares
                                                                  Cash             (Note i)                             Total
                                                                            Number of
                                                               RMB’000         shares       RMB’000              RMB’000


       Completion Consideration
       As of 1 January 2025 (audited)                            42,721      7,190,363            41,770            84,491
       During the six months ended 30 June 2025
       Settlement of the Completion Consideration               (35,558)     (1,386,617)           (8,055)         (43,613)


       As of 30 June 2025 (unaudited) and
         31 December 2025 (audited)                               7,163      5,803,746            33,715            40,878


       During the six months ended 30 June 2026
       Settlement of the Completion Consideration                (7,163)   (2,775,925)          (16,126)          (23,289)


       As of 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                  –    3,027,821            17,589            17,589


       Presented as:
       As of 30 June 2026 (unaudited)
       – Deferred consideration shares                                 –    3,027,821            17,589            17,589


       As of 31 December 2025 (audited)
       – Trade and other payable (Note 15)                        7,163              –                 –             7,163
       – Deferred consideration shares                                –      5,803,746            33,715            33,715


       Total                                                      7,163      5,803,746            33,715            40,878




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.      53
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



16.   CONSIDERATION TRANSFERRED FOR THE ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

      Fair value and settlement of consideration transferred for the acquisitions of: (Continued)

                                                                  Cash      Consideration shares          Total
                                                                           Number of
                                                              RMB’000         shares      RMB’000       RMB’000


        Contingent Consideration (Note ii)
        As of 1 January 2025 (audited)                          53,608      10,546,428         55,083   108,691
        During the six months ended 30 June 2025
        Fair value change (Note 6)                                1,569              –          2,800     4,369


        As of 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                          55,177      10,546,428         57,883   113,060


        As of 31 December 2025 (audited)                        56,745       8,560,881         41,524    98,269


        During the six months ended 30 June 2026
        Fair value change (Note 6)                               1,373              –        (11,111)    (9,738)
        Settlement of the Contingent Consideration             (24,000)    (4,203,320)       (14,994)   (38,994)


        As of 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                          34,118     4,357,561          15,419     49,537


        Presented as:
        As of 30 June 2026 (unaudited)
        – Trade and other payable (Note 15)                     34,118             –               –     34,118
        – Deferred consideration shares                              –     4,357,561          15,419     15,419


        Total                                                   34,118     4,357,561          15,419     49,537


        As of 31 December 2025 (audited)
        – Trade and other payable (Note 15)                     23,545               –              –    23,545
        – Deferred consideration shares                              –       1,061,641          5,149     5,149
        – Contingent consideration                              33,200       7,499,240         36,375    69,575


        Total                                                   56,745       8,560,881         41,524    98,269




54    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2026



16.   CONSIDERATION TRANSFERRED FOR THE ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

      Fair value and settlement of consideration transferred for the acquisitions of: (Continued)

      Notes:

      (i)      The fair value of the consideration shares is determined by reference to the quoted market price of HK$6.29 (equivalent
               to RMB5.81) per each ordinary share of the Company at the date of obtaining the control of the Folding Space and its
               subsidiaries.

      (ii)     Based on the equity transfer agreement, the Company is required to pay additional considerations to the Founder Sellers
               and Manager Sellers if Yikuai Pharmaceutical meets the respective performance target of each instalment.


               The Contingent Consideration consists of two parts:

               Part 1: a total cash amount of RMB60 million and a total of 6,188,867 consideration shares payable to the Founder Seller and
               a total of 4,357,561 consideration shares to the Manager Seller, which comprises three instalments corresponding to year
               2025, 2026 and first quarter of year 2027; and

               Part 2: a total of 6,876,519 consideration shares to the Founder Seller, which comprises two instalments corresponding to
               year 2025 and year 2026.

               As part of the equity transfer agreement, contingent consideration is determined by the core business operating revenue
               (“CBOR”) growth rate and the amount of net profit of Yikuai Pharmaceutical for each of the two years 2025, 2026 and the
               first quarter of year 2027. Details of the Contingent Consideration were set out in the announcement of the Company dated
               15 October 2024.

               At the date of acquisition, based on the directors’ best estimate with reference to the historical performance of Yikuai
               Pharmaceutical, the directors of the Company considered it is highly probable that the performance target associated
               with Part 1 of the Contingent Consideration will be achieved, whereas the performance target associated with Part 2
               was considered unlikely to be achieved. The fair value of the Contingent Consideration at the date of acquisition was
               determined by i) the present value of the cash consideration payable of RMB60 million in respect of Part 1; and ii) the fair
               value of 10,546,428 consideration shares in respect of Part 1 which was determined by reference to the quoted market
               price of HK$6.29 (equivalent to RMB5.81) per each ordinary share of the Company at the date of obtaining the control of
               the Yikuai Pharmaceutical. The Contingent Consideration is subsequently measured at fair value with changes in fair value
               recognised in profit or loss.

               As of 31 December 2025, Yikuai Pharmaceutical achieved the performance target of year 2025 and the Contingent
               Consideration of approximately RMB23,545,000 and RMB5,149,000 have been reclassified to trade and other payable and
               deferred consideration shares, respectively.

               As of 26 June 2026, the Company entered into an early settlement arrangement with the Founder Sellers and Manager
               Sellers, pursuant to which the Company agreed to settle the remaining Part 1 Contingent Consideration prior to the
               finalisation of performance targets of 2026 and the first quarter of 2027. Such consideration remains subject to clawback
               should the relevant performance targets are not met. As at 30 June 2026, the directors of the Company continue to
               consider that it is highly probable that the Part 1 performance targets will be achieved, while the Part 2 performance target is
               unlikely to be achieved. The outstanding balances of the Contingent Consideration, comprising cash consideration payable
               of approximately RMB34,118,000 and consideration shares of approximately RMB12,126,000, have been reclassified to trade
               and other payable and deferred consideration shares, respectively.




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.       55
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



17.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                Number of shares            Share capital          Presented as
                                                                                                     US$               RMB’000


          Authorised:
          At 30 June 2025 (unaudited),
            31 December 2025 (audited) and
            30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                 20,000,000,000                  50,000


          Issued and fully paid:
          At 1 January 2025 (audited)                                   675,766,001                   1,690                     12
          Issued in consideration for the acquisition of the
             issued share capital of subsidiaries (Note 16)                1,386,617                       3                      *
          Exercise of share options and vesting of
             RSUs (Note 18)                                                4,846,977                     12                       *


          At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                   681,999,595                   1,705                     12


          Issued in consideration for the acquisition of the
             issued share capital of subsidiaries (Note 16)                1,985,547                       5                      *
          Exercise of share options and vesting of
             RSUs (Note 18)                                                2,846,716                       7                      *
          Share repurchase and cancellation                               (5,635,000)                    (14)                     *


          At 31 December 2025 (audited)                                 681,196,858                   1,703                     12


          Issued in consideration for the acquisition of the
             issued share capital of subsidiaries (Note 16)              6,979,245                       17                       *
          Exercise of share options and vesting of
             RSUs (Note 18)                                              3,616,165                         9                      *


          At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                 691,792,268                    1,729                      12

      *        Amount is less than RMB1,000.


      Note:    During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company purchased 32,876,400 (six months ended 30 June 2025: 7,945,000)
               of its own ordinary shares through a trust through the Stock Exchange with an aggregate consideration of approximately
               HK$149,856,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB128,773,000) (six months ended 30 June 2025: HK$58,921,000, equivalent
               to approximately RMB51,766,000) paid.

               As at 30 June 2026, the Company had outstanding treasury shares of 37,760,667 (31 December 2025: 4,537,581) shares.
               Except for the purchase above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
               listed securities during the period.




56    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2026



18.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group

      2017 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 2 February 2017, Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudao”)
      adopted the “2017 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the Group was authorised to grant share options,
      share appreciation rights and restricted share to employees and non-employees of Guangzhou Sudao.
      Share options were granted with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Guangzhou
      Sudao’s ordinary shares at the date of grant, and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods
      determined at the discretion of the board of directors of Guangzhou Sudao, and are subject to a continued
      service relationship. Effective on 1 January 2019, the Group terminated the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, meaning
      that, while no additional awards of share options, share appreciation rights, or restricted share were permitted
      thereunder, all outstanding awards continued to be governed by their existing terms.

      2019 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 27 February 2019, the Company adopted the “2019 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the
      Company is authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to employees
      and non-employees who provide services to the Company and its affiliates. Share options are to be granted
      with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the date of grant,
      and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of
      directors of the Company, and are subject generally to a continued service relationship.

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan

      As part of the share exchange arrangement, Guangzhou Sudao would i) substitute 1 share of ordinary share
      of Guangzhou Sudao under the 2017 Share Incentive Plan and ii) assume on the same terms and conditions as
      the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, share appreciation rights, and restricted share under the 2019 Share Incentive
      Plan as defined and detailed below. The directors of the Company considered that the modification of
      terms of 2017 Share Incentive Plan have no material change in fair value of the share options at the date of
      modification.

      Two share options can be converted into one ordinary share of the Company upon exercise. Following
      the Share Subdivision, each share option can be converted into two ordinary shares of the Company upon
      exercise.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   57
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



18.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2017 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                  At Exercised            At           At Exercised            At
                                    Grant   Vesting   Expiry   Exercise   1 January      during     30 June    1 January       during    30 June
        Options                      year   period      year      price        2025 the period         2025         2026 the period         2026
                                                                   US$     (audited) (unaudited) (unaudited)    (audited) (unaudited) (unaudited)


        Directors and employees
        Tranche 2017-7              2017    4 years    2027        0.30    985,883      (43,927)     941,956    799,257      (32,800)    766,457
        Tranche 2017-7              2017    4 years    2027        0.30     70,824      (21,729)      49,095     13,685            –      13,685
        Tranche 2018-1              2018    4 years    2028        0.30    169,286            –      169,286    169,286            –     169,286
        Tranche 2018-2              2018    4 years    2028        0.30    555,982            –      555,982    555,982            –     555,982
        Tranche 2018-12             2018    4 years    2028        1.05    653,759            –      653,759    653,759            –     653,759


                                                                          2,435,734     (65,656)   2,370,078   2,191,969     (32,800)   2,159,169


        Exercisable at the end of
          the period                                                      2,435,734                2,370,078   2,191,969                2,159,169


        Weighted average
         exercise price (US$)                                                  0.50        0.30         0.51        0.52        0.30         0.53


      Except for the exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited or expired during
      the period. As at 30 June 2026, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share options was RMB3.59
      (unaudited) (31 December 2025: RMB3.68 (audited)).




58    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2026



18.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2019 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                      At Forfeited Exercised              At             At     Forfeited     Exercised            At
                                   Grant   Vesting       Expiry   Exercise    1 January      during      during     30 June      1 January         during        during      30 June
       Options                      year   period          year      price         2025 the period the period          2025           2026     the period    the period         2026
                                           (Note i)                   US$      (audited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited)      (audited)   (unaudited)   (unaudited)   (unaudited)


       Directors and employees
       Tranche 2019-3              2019    4 years        2029        1.05       51,700           –            –       51,700       51,700             –             –        51,700
       Tranche 2019-10             2019    4 years        2029        0.94    1,696,600           –       (4,900)   1,691,700    1,605,900             –        (9,000)    1,596,900
       Tranche 2020-1              2020    4 years        2030        1.05       37,500           –            –       37,500       37,500             –             –        37,500
       Tranche 2020-4              2020    4 years        2030        1.05      180,500           –       (3,500)     177,000      140,800             –             –       140,800
       Tranche 2021-1              2021    4 years        2031        1.60           16           –            –           16           16             –             –            16
       Tranche 2021-2              2021    4 years        2031        2.00      674,225           –            –      674,225      650,750             –             –       650,750
       Tranche 2021-11             2021    4 years        2031        2.00    3,820,428     (35,250)           –    3,785,178    3,540,392       (10,000)            –     3,530,392
       Tranche 2021-12             2021    4 years        2031        2.00       99,500           –            –       99,500            –             –             –             –
       Tranche 2022-2              2022    4 years        2032        2.00      600,400     (17,000)           –      583,400      523,910             –             –       523,910
       Tranche 2022-5-1            2022    4 years        2032        2.00       18,000           –            –       18,000       18,000             –             –        18,000
       Tranche 2022-5-2            2022    4 years        2032        0.80    1,820,000           –            –    1,820,000    1,820,000             –             –     1,820,000
       Tranche 2022-5-3            2022    Immediate      2032        0.80      830,000           –            –      830,000      830,000             –             –       830,000
                                             After IPO
                                             (Note ii)
       Tranche 2022-7-1            2022    4 years        2032        2.00      530,000     (17,500)           –      512,500      497,500             –             –       497,500
       Tranche 2023-1-1            2023    4 years        2033        2.00      200,000           –            –      200,000      200,000             –             –       200,000
       Tranche 2023-1-1            2023    Immediate      2033        0.00       50,000           –            –       50,000       50,000             –             –        50,000
       Tranche 2023-1-5            2023    4 years        2033        2.00       32,759           –            –       32,759       27,500        (1,750)            –        25,750
       Tranche 2023-3-2            2023    4 years        2033        2.00       20,000           –            –       20,000       20,000             –             –        20,000
       Tranche 2023-6-10           2023    4 years        2033        2.00    2,174,000     (63,500)      (4,900)   2,105,600    1,994,600       (51,000)            –     1,943,600


                                                                             12,835,628    (133,250)     (13,300) 12,689,078    12,008,568       (62,750)       (9,000) 11,936,818


       Exercisable at the end of
         the period                                                           7,947,378                             9,652,703   10,106,818                                11,274,068


       Weighted average
        exercise price (US$)                                                       1.58        2.00        1.36          1.58         1.57             2          0.94          1.57




                                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.                   59
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



18.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2019 Share Incentive Plan: (Continued)

      Notes:

      (i):     For the options with vesting period of 4 years, one quarter of options become vested at the end of each year during the
               vesting period.

      (ii):    In May 2022, the Company granted 1,330,000 share options to Mr. Fei Chen (“Mr. Chen”), an executive director of the
               Company. These options are vested on the date when the Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
               Exchange.


      Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited
      or expired during the period. As at 30 June 2026, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
      options was RMB9.93 (unaudited) (31 December 2025: RMB10.24 (audited)).

      During the interim period, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately RMB2,029,000 (unaudited)
      (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB6,427,000 (unaudited)) in relation to share options granted by the Group.

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group

      2023 Share Incentive Plan

      The 2023 Share Incentive Plan was first adopted by the Board on 12 June 2023 and took effect immediately
      upon the Listing. Since the Listing, the 2023 Share Incentive Plan is subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
      Under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, a maximum number of 63,235,005 ordinary shares of the Company can
      be issued to employee participants, related party participant and service provider participant. The RSUs have
      exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of directors of
      the Company, and are subject to performance targets and other conditions on case-by-case basis.




60    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026



18.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group (Continued)

      2023 Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of RSUs under 2023 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                   At     Granted     Forfeited     Exercised          At            At  Granted Forfeited Exercised                 At
                                Grant   Vesting   Expiry    1 January       during       during        during     30 June     1 January    during     during     during         30 June
       RSUs                      year   period      year         2025   the period   the period    the period        2025         2026 the period the period the period            2026
                                        (Note)              (audited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited)         (audited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited)


       Employees
       Tranche 2023-9-4         2023    2 years    2033       253,300           –       (17,225)            –      236,075            –           –          –           –          –
       Tranche 2023-9-4         2023    4 years    2033     2,016,450           –      (111,375)            –    1,905,075    1,234,700           –    (67,000)          – 1,167,700
       Tranche 2024-2-6         2024    1 year     2034     1,302,400           –       (31,240)   (1,271,160)           –            –           –          –           –          –
       Tranche 2024-2-6         2024    2 years    2034     3,510,000           –      (185,500)   (1,692,000)   1,632,500    1,572,500           –     (6,000) (1,566,500)         –
       Tranche 2024-2-6         2024    3 years    2034     5,495,000           –      (189,583)   (1,642,082)   3,663,335    3,503,335           –   (142,247) (1,639,418) 1,721,670
       Tranche 2024-2-6         2024    4 years    2034        40,000           –             –       (10,000)      30,000       30,000           –          –     (10,000)    20,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6        2024    1 year     2034         7,000           –             –             –        7,000            –           –          –           –          –
       Tranche 2024-11-6        2024    2 years    2034       754,000           –       (25,000)            –      729,000      362,000           –    (15,000)          –    347,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6        2024    3 years    2034     1,212,000           –             –             –    1,212,000      808,000           –          –           –    808,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6        2024    4 years    2034        40,000           –             –             –       40,000       30,000           –    (30,000)          –          –
       Tranche 2025-4-3         2025    2 years    2035             –      20,000             –             –       20,000       20,000           –    (10,000)    (10,000)         –
       Tranche 2025-4-3         2025    3 years    2035             –     960,000             –             –      960,000      960,000           –          – (320,000) 640,000
       Tranche 2026-2-10        2026    1 year     2036             –           –             –             –            –            –   2,063,700   (104,250)          – 1,959,450
       Tranche 2026-2-10        2026    2 years    2036             –           –             –             –            –            –     210,000          –           –    210,000
       Tranche 2026-2-10        2026    2 years    2036             –           –             –             –            –            –     530,000          –           –    530,000


                                                           14,630,150     980,000      (559,923)   (4,615,242) 10,434,985     8,520,535   2,803,700   (374,497) (3,545,918) 7,403,820


       Exercisable at the end
         of the period                                             –                                        –           –             –                                               –

      Note:       The RSUs generally vest ratably over a one- to four-year vesting period.


      Except for the forfeited or exercised RSUs disclosed above, no other RSUs were vested, forfeited or expired
      during the period.

      These fair values of RSUs were determined by the share price of the Company at grant date.

      During the interim period, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately RMB12,994,000
      (unaudited) (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB28,363,000 (unaudited)) in relation to RSUs granted by the
      Group.




                                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.               61
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



18.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group (Continued)

      2023 Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

      On 24 March 2026, the Company granted 26,041,213 share options to Mr. Buzhen Zhang, an executive director
      and chief executive of the Company, and 6,510,305 share options to Mr. Chen (together the “2026 Share
      Options”) under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan. The 2026 Share Options consists of 3 vesting tranches, with
      a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of market conditions, assuming continued employment
      through each vesting date. Each of the 3 vesting tranches of the 2026 Share Options will vest upon the
      arithmetic average of the average market capitalisation of the Group for any 10 consecutive Business Days on
      the Stock Exchange first reaches or exceeds HK$12,000,000,000, HK$20,000,000,000 and HK$30,000,000,000,
      respectively within 10 years from the date of grant.

      The following table discloses movements of 2026 Share Options under 2023 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                             At     Granted     Exercised        At
                                                        Vesting   Expiry   Exercise   1 January       during       during   30 June
        Options                         Grant year    condition     year      price       2026    the period   the period      2026
                                                       HK$’000                HK$     (audited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited)


        Tranche 2026-3-24                    2026    12,000,000    2036        4.61           – 5,482,362              – 5,482,362
        Tranche 2026-3-24                    2026    20,000,000    2036        4.61           – 10,279,427             – 10,279,427
        Tranche 2026-3-24                    2026    30,000,000    2036        4.61           – 16,789,729             – 16,789,729


                                                                                              – 32,551,518             – 32,551,518


        Exercisable at the end of the
          period                                                                              –                                   –


        Weighted average exercise
         price (HK$)                                                                          –        4.61            –       4.61


      No options were exercised, forfeited or expired during the period.




62    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026



18.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group (Continued)

      2023 Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

      Share-based payment expense associated with the 2026 Share Options is recognised over the expected
      achievement period for each market capitalization milestone. The market capitalization milestone period and
      the valuation of each tranche are determined using a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair value of the condition
      option, expected vesting date and the key inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                Tranche 2026-3-24       Tranche 2026-3-24      Tranche 2026-3-24


       Vesting condition                        HK$12,000,000,000       HK$20,000,000,000      HK$30,000,000,000
       Expected vesting date                            1/12/2032               9/21/2032              3/25/2033
       Grant date fair value per option                   HK$1.08                 HK$0.60                HK$0.34
       Weighted average share price                       HK$4.46                 HK$4.46                HK$4.46
       Expected dividend yield                              2.80%                   2.80%                  2.80%
       Expected volatility                                 34.95%                  34.95%                 34.95%
       Expected risk-free rate                              2.87%                   2.87%                  2.87%

      During the interim period, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately RMB669,000 (unaudited)
      (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) in relation to share options granted by the Group.

19.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                                  30 June            31 December
                                                                                     2026                    2025
                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                               (unaudited)               (audited)


       Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
         plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in the
         condensed consolidated financial statements                                10,797                        3,150




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.      63
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



20.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The board of directors of the Company has set up a treasury management team, which is headed up by the
      Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair
      value measurements.

      In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For
      instruments with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engages third party qualified
      valuers to perform the valuation. The treasury management team works closely with the qualified external
      valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. The Chief Financial Officer
      reports the treasury management team’s findings to the board of directors of the Company semi-annually to
      explain the cause of fluctuations in the fair value.

      The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation
      technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
      measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value
      measurements is observable.

      •       Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
              assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date;

      •       Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included
              within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e.
              derived from prices); and

      •       Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include the lowest
              level inputs which are significant to the fair value measurement for the asset or liability that are not
              based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
      fair value on a recurring basis

      Certain of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of the
      reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets/
      liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the
      fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree
      to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.




64    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026



20.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
      fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

                                               As at 30     As at 31
                                                  June    December      Fair value    Valuation technique
                                                  2026         2025     hierarchy     and key input
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000
                                            (unaudited)    (audited)


       Financial assets
       Financial assets at FVTPL
          – Wealth management products,        526,551      680,500     Level 2       Quoted value from banks and
            notes and investment funds                                                  financial institutions based on
                                                                                        expected return with reference
                                                                                        to underlying investments

         – Unlisted equity investments          27,660       27,660     Level 3       Back-solve method (Note i)

         – Limited partnership investment        6,000         6,000    Level 3       Quoted value from fund
                                                                                        administrator based on the net
                                                                                        assets value of the fund

       Financial liabilities
       Contingent consideration for
          a business combination
          – Cash consideration payables              –       (33,200)   Level 3       Discounted cash flow method was
                                                                                        used to capture the present
                                                                                        value of the expected future
                                                                                        economic benefits that will flow
                                                                                        out of the Group arising from
                                                                                        the contingent consideration,
                                                                                        based on an appropriate
                                                                                        discount rate (Note ii) (Note iii)

       Contingent consideration for
         a business combination
         – Consideration shares                      –       (36,375)   Level 3       Quoted market price per each
                                                                                        ordinary share of the Company
                                                                                        is used to capture the value
                                                                                        of the expected shares to be
                                                                                        allotted and issued from the
                                                                                        contingent consideration (Note
                                                                                        iii)




                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.     65
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



20.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
      fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

      Notes:

      (i)      Key inputs included possibilities under different scenarios, such as qualified IPO, redemption, liquidation and other inputs,
               such as time to liquidation or redemption, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility value and dividend yield.

      (ii)     Key unobservable inputs included discount rate and probability-adjusted revenue and profits of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. No
               sensitivity analysis in relation to the discount rate has been presented as changes in fair values due to changes the discount
               rate are insignificant.

      (iii)    Key inputs included quoted market price of the share of the Company and probability-adjusted revenue and profits of
               Yikuai Pharmaceutical. As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease in the
               expected probability-adjusted revenue and gross profits for year 2026 and 2027 by 5% would decrease the carrying amount
               of the contingent consideration payables, including cash and shares consideration, by RMB52,608,000 (audited).


      There was no transfer between Level 1 and 2 during both periods.

      Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                     Financial                 Financial
                                                                                                        assets                 liabilities
                                                                                                     at FVTPL                  at FVTPL
                                                                                                      RMB’000                   RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2025 (audited)                                                                  10,198                  108,691
           – changes in fair value                                                                           96                    4,369


         As at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                                                  10,294                  113,060


         As at 1 January 2026 (audited)                                                                 33,660                    69,575
           – changes in fair value                                                                           –                    (9,738)
           – settlement of contingent consideration                                                          –                   (13,593)
           – transfers out of level 3 with the early payment
              arrangement (Note 16)                                                                            –                 (46,244)


         As at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                                                 33,660                           –


      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured
      at fair value on a recurring basis

      The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is determined in accordance with generally accepted
      pricing model based on discounted cash flow analysis.

      The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
      recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair
      values.



66    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2026



21.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS/AMOUNTS DUE FROM AN ASSOCIATE

      Significant transactions with related parties

      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group has following transactions with the related party:

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
         Name                                          Nature of transactions                     2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)        (unaudited)


         Guangdong Yiyao Digital Technology
          Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Yiyao”)                Trade sales                                21,495                         N/A


                                                                                                   As at                   As at
                                                                                                30 June            31 December
         Name                                       Nature of balances                             2026                    2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)               (audited)


         Guangdong Yiyao                            Trade nature (Note i)                          1,333                        3,217
         Guangdong Yiyao                            Non-trade nature (Note ii)                    47,350                        6,400


         Amount due from an associate                                                             48,683                        9,617

      Notes:

      (i)      Guangdong Yiyao is an associate of the Group. The trade related balances with the associate arose from sales of goods,
               which were unsecured and interest-free with aging within 3 months as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025.

      (ii)     Included in the non-trade balances with the associate, approximately RMB40,950,000 (unaudited) (31 December 2025: nil)
               were unsecured, carry interests ranging from 0% to 2.6% per annum and repayable 18 months from the dates of advances,
               the remaining balances were interest-free, unsecured and repayable on demand.


      Compensation of key management personnel

      The remuneration of directors who are also the key management personnel during the six months ended 30
      June 2026 and 2025 are set out in Note 9.

22.   EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

      There have been no material subsequent events identified subsequent to 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.      67
Definitions


“Award Shares”                          the Shares underlying an award granted under the 2023 Share Incentive
                                        Plan, which includes new Shares or existing Shares

“Board”                                 the board of Directors

“CG Code”                               the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                        Rules (as amended from time to time)

“China” or the “PRC”                    the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this interim report
                                        only, except where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong,
                                        the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

“Companies Ordinance”                   the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                        amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Company”, “our Company” or             YSB Inc. (藥師幫股份有限公司) (formerly known as YSB Capital Limited),
  “the Company”                         a limited liability company incorporated under the Laws of the Cayman
                                        Islands on 27 August 2018, the shares of which are listed on the Main
                                        Board of the Stock Exchange under the stock code “9885”

“Consolidated Affiliated Entity(ies)”   Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Yaobang and their subsidiaries and
                                        affiliated entities, the financial accounts of which have been consolidated
                                        and accounted for as if they were subsidiaries of our Company by virtue of
                                        contractual arrangements

“Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

“Global Offering”                       the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering

“Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”            the Company and its subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                                        time to time, and where the context requires, in respect of the period
                                        prior to our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                        subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our Company
                                        at the relevant time

“Guangzhou Sudao”                       Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有
                                        限公司)

“Guangzhou Yaobang”                     Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技
                                        有限公司)

“HK$”                                   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Public Offering”             has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus




68      YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                    Definitions


“IFRS”                     International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                           the International Accounting Standards Board

“International Offering”   has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus

“Listing”                  the listing of our shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”             28 June 2023, the date on which our shares were listed and on which
                           dealings in our shares were first permitted to take place on the Stock
                           Exchange

“Listing Rules”            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                           Hong Kong Limited

“Main Board”               the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                           Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with GEM of
                           the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”               the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                           set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Zhang”                Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮), the founder, executive Director, Chairman of
                           the Board and Chief Executive Officer of our Group

“Prospectus”               the Company’s prospectus dated 15 June 2023, a copy of which is
                           available on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at
                           www.hkexnews.hk

“Reporting Period”         the financial period for the six months ended 30 June 2026

“RMB” or “Renminbi”        Renminbi, the lawful currency of China

“SFO”                      the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                           Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                           time

“Share(s)”                 ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par value of
                           US$0.0000025 each

“Shareholder(s)”           holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Stock Exchange”           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026 YSB INC.   69
Definitions


“subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”       has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                     Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and includes our
                                     consolidated affiliated entities and any other entity the financials of which
                                     are consolidated into the accounts of the Company

“substantial shareholder”            has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules

“U.S. dollars” or “US$”              United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“United States” or “US”              the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                     subject to its jurisdiction

“2019 Share Incentive Plan”          the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                     effective since 1 January 2019 (as amended from time to time), the
                                     principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory and general information –
                                     Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the Prospectus

“2023 Share Incentive Plan”          the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                     effective upon Listing, which constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17
                                     of the Listing Rules, the principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory
                                     and general information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the
                                     Prospectus

“%”                                  percent




70    YSB INC. INTERIM REPORT 2026
