藥師幫股份有限公司
YSB Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code: 9885




                                                                 2025
                                                              INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS

2    CORPORATE INFORMATION

4    BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

13   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

14   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

21   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION

32   REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

34   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION

36   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY

37   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS

38   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

58   DEFINITIONS
Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Executive Directors                       Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                          Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)
Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮)
 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   AUDITOR
Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Non-Executive Director                    Certified Public Accountants
                                          Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽)
                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                          Vistra (Cayman) Limited
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  Grand Cayman KY1-1205
                                          Cayman Islands
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                          HEADQUARTERS
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        Yaoshibang Building
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  No. 8 Brand Street
                                          TIT Creative Industry Zone
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                    No. 397 Xingang Middle Road
                                          Guangzhou, China
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉) (Chairman)
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  HONG KONG

NOMINATION COMMITTEE                      Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
                                          33 Hysan Avenue
Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮) (Chairman)         Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  LEGAL ADVISORS
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)
                                          As to Hong Kong law
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND                 King & Wood Mallesons
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
                                          As to PRC law
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)       Anjie Broad Law Firm
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  As to Cayman Islands law
                                          Harney Westwood & Riegels
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)


2     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                         Corporate Information


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

Maxa Capital Limited
Unit 2602, 26/F, Golden Centre
188 Des Voeux Road Central
Sheung Wan, Hong Kong

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Vistra (Cayman) Limited
P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
Grand Cayman KY1-1205
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL BANKS

Ping An Bank, Shenzhen Bantian Branch
China Merchants Bank, Guangzhou Branch
Bank Of China, Guangzhou Panyu Branch

STOCK CODE

9885

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.ysbang.cn




                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.   3
Business Review and Outlook


BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND REVIEW

In 2025, the Chinese government continued to promote the “Healthy China 2030 (健康中國2030)” strategy and
the 14th Five-Year Plan, introducing a number of supporting policies to encourage the digital and intelligent
transformation of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. The promulgation of policies
such as the “Guideline to Advance High-quality Development of Service Consumption(《關於促進服務消費高質
量發展的意見》)” has clarified the functional positioning of retail pharmacies in health promotion, nutrition and
health care. Consumers’ demand for high-quality, personalised pharmaceutical products and services in chronic
disease management, health and beauty management continued to increase, creating new growth opportunities
for the industry. In addition, policies are driving the allocation of high-quality medical resources to primary care,
making the primary healthcare market a new growth area for the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare
industry. Meanwhile, the strengthening of the overall medical insurance policy and the enhanced supervision
of the retail market are accelerating industry reform. Against this backdrop, the Company has closely followed
the policy guidance, increased investment in technological innovation, and deepened digital transformation. By
continuously leveraging digital and intelligent procurement to reduce costs and increase efficiency, accelerating
digital and intelligent logistics, and iteratively optimising digital and intelligent marketing, the Company has
driven comprehensive business upgrades and built a more complete service ecosystem for outside-of-hospital
pharmaceutical and healthcare.

During the Reporting Period, although we were challenged by the slowdown in the overall growth of the
pharmaceutical retail market, our business achieved steady growth. We have consistently enhanced user experience,
strengthened user loyalty and driven business growth by accurately understanding user needs, building a
comprehensive service ecosystem and continuously optimising through digital empowerment. During the Reporting
Period, we had an average number of monthly active buyers (“MAB”) of 453,000, representing a year-on-year
increase of 6.5%. The average number of monthly paying buyers (“MPB”) reached 426,000, representing a year-on-
year increase of 7.6%. Our paying ratio, i.e. the proportion of average number of MPB to average number of MAB,
reached 94.0%, and the average number of orders per paying buyer per month was around 29.2.




4      YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                Business Review and Outlook


ONLINE MARKETPLACE

As a leading digital service platform for the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry in China, we continued to
strengthen the construction of our digital capabilities, optimise user experience, and solidify the platform’s service
offerings, further improving users’ satisfaction and market competitiveness.

During the Reporting Period, we comprehensively improved the diversity of products on our platform to cover a
wider range of customer needs and scenarios. Through big data analysis and users’ needs insight, our platform
meticulously curated product selections, optimised and expanded categories to ensure that listed products are
aligned with market demands. During the Reporting Period, the average monthly SKUs on the platform continued
to increase to approximately 4,000,000, meeting the diverse needs of users to a very large extent. In response to the
consumption upgrading trend of TCM decoction pieces, our platform has built a comprehensive digital ecosystem
spanning the entire process from field breeding to downstream buyers delivery by optimising and promoting Jinfang
standards, strengthening user education and coverage, and utilising digital technology innovation. Meanwhile, the
Online Marketplace rigorously adheres to stringent quality control standards for TCM decoction pieces, advancing
the industry transformation from “experience-based” to “data-driven”. YSB expanded its footprint in the production
regions for medicinal materials to ensure quality control of raw materials from source. Simultaneously, leveraging
our established Jinfang standards, we encouraged those TCM decoction pieces merchants on YSB’s platform to
extend their industrial chains to TCM production regions, further optimising the industrial chain traceability system
and enhancing the quality control during the entire process of TCM production. During the Reporting Period, we
provided 125,000 SKUs, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.5% and sold to downstream buyers over 18,000
tons of TCM decoction pieces, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 42.6%.

At the same time, we are always committed to building a more prosperous and diverse user ecosystem. On one
hand, we have successfully attracted a large number of high-quality third-party sellers to join the platform through
operational strategy support, technical empowerment and ecological co-construction, and helped them achieve
business growth through a complete service system. On the other hand, we have enhanced users’ experience across
all dimensions by optimising platform functions and conducting diverse marketing activities. The influence of the
platform among downstream user groups continues to rise, with user activity and loyalty significantly increased.

We charge upstream sellers a commission, which is based on a certain percentage of their sales on our Online
Marketplace. During the Reporting Period, the average Online Marketplace commission rate we charged recorded a
stable increase of approximately 3.3% as compared to the same period of last year. In return, our Online Marketplace
provides subsidies in the form of coupon to our downstream buyers. Without compromising platform retention and
transaction level, our Online Marketplace subsidy ratio was 0.5% for the first half of 2025, further lower than 0.6% for
the same period of 2024.




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025    YSB INC.    5
Business Review and Outlook


GENERAL SELF-OPERATION BUSINESS

During the Reporting Period, we focused on comprehensive advancement in the four core dimensions of “more,
quicker, better, and economical”, continuously enhancing the operating capabilities of our Self-operation Business
and achieving steady development in this segment. The business is conducted through our self-operated online
digital stores, aiming at providing convenient, efficient and high-quality medical and health services to downstream
users.

In the dimension of “more”, we further refined the overall category layout of our Self-operation Business during
the Reporting Period. Based on the transaction history on our Online Marketplace and underpinned by our big
data analysis of buyers’ demand and transaction preference, we are able to make procurement decisions based on
downstream demand, select SKUs with higher frequencies of purchase and better quality, and exercise a higher level
of quality control over products on our own. We not only further introduced treatment drugs for various common
diseases, but also enriched related categories such as medical devices and tonics to meet the diversified health
procurement needs of downstream users. By establishing partnerships with more high-quality suppliers, we have
continuously expanded our product categories, offering users a broader selection. During the Reporting Period,
our Self-operation Business provided an average monthly SKUs of 480,000 to downstream buyers, representing an
increase of 58,000 during the Reporting Period.

“Quicker” is reflected in the continuous optimisation of our smart supply chain system during the Reporting Period.
We have established efficient procurement, warehousing and logistics and distribution systems to achieve rapid
performance in relation to medical and health products. As the intra-city delivery business became increasingly
mature, we have launched intra-city delivery services in certain cities where our main warehouses are located and
in surrounding cities. During the Reporting Period, by refining delivery stations down to the street level, we have
significantly improved delivery efficiency. Additionally, by optimising routes and enhancing ride-hailing matching
model, we improved fleet utilisation efficiency. The per-unit fulfilment costs of our self-operation warehouses for
intra-city (equal to the sum of the total delivery charges per delivery shift/the number of users in a single delivery shift)
has dropped by 18.9%. In terms of delivery efficiency, the proportion of orders were delivered within only half a day
from placement of orders to delivery has increased from 67.7% for the first half of 2024 to 70.0% for the first half of
2025. Such fast and fabulous procurement experience significantly increased the variety and frequency of purchases
from our downstream buyers.

“Better” is not only the bottom line of quality that we always adhere to, but also our ceaseless pursuit in service.
Starting from the source of pharmaceutical and health product procurement, we rigorously control quality by
partnering with suppliers that have comprehensive qualifications and good reputation. During the Reporting Period,
we further upgraded our supplier service platform and successfully achieved data interaction with the internal systems
of the Company, ensuring real-time updates and sharing of key data such as supplier information, order information,
and order status. The platform promoted the flow and sharing of information among various nodes in the supply
chain, and improved the response speed and flexibility of the overall supply chain. Meanwhile, we have optimised
the service efficiency of the flow management system and achieved full traceability of pharmaceutical and healthcare
product sales channels to ensure their safety and compliance. Thanks to this stringent control of quality, our product
return rate continued to decline during the Reporting Period, representing a decrease from 0.5% for the same period
of last year to 0.4%.




6      YSB INC.     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                              Business Review and Outlook


“Economical” is an important manifestation of the value we create for users. During the Reporting Period, we further
strengthened the direct supply model from manufacturers. By purchasing directly with manufacturers, we continued
to optimise procurement channels and reduce operating costs, enabling us to provide pharmaceutical and healthcare
products to downstream users at more competitive prices. During the Reporting Period, we carried out official group
cooperation with leading pharmaceutical companies such as CR Sanjiu (華潤三九), Huahai Pharmaceutical (華海藥業),
and Hengrui Pharmaceuticals to shorten the supply chain from pharmaceutical manufacturers directly to the extensive
outside-of-hospital market. Through cooperation with CR Sanjiu, we provided users with more cost-effective and
channel-focused exclusive products. By deepening our partnership with Qilu Pharmaceutical (齊魯製藥), we have
introduced more high-quality medications from Qilu Pharmaceutical, opening up a high-efficiency and cost-effective
channel from pharmaceutical companies to end users. In addition, we have also launched a series of promotional
activities such as free shipping for single items and subsidies from pharmaceutical companies, and a membership
system, allowing downstream users to enjoy premium services at a more affordable price.

TARGETED PRODUCT LAUNCH BUSINESS

Leveraging years of deep experience and keen insight in both Online Marketplace and General Self-operation
Business, we are able to accurately identify products with broad market demand prospects. Based on such insight,
on one hand, we actively sought to establish in-depth cooperation with pharmaceutical companies, aiming to
promote their products customised for downstream needs to a broader market, thereby turning potential market
opportunities into sales performance. On the other hand, leveraging the brand influence and channel advantages
we have built, we strategically promoted the expansion of our own brand products, and committed to launching our
own brand products with high-quality and diverse categories that closely meet the market demand in order to meet
the diversified needs of a wider range of downstream users. With the accelerated coverage of the products under
our own brand in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical market, we significantly enhanced our brand influence,
strengthened our market competitiveness and further expanded our market share. Through this dual-drive approach,
we not only created value for our partners, but also provided downstream buyers with higher quality and more
diverse pharmaceutical and health product options, continuously driving the Company’s business growth. During the
Reporting Period, the transaction amounts of our Targeted Product Launch Business totaled to RMB1,080 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 115.6%.

During the Reporting Period, we focused the strategic layout of our Targeted Product Launch Business on
expanding the coverage of products under our own brands in downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare
institutions, driving the deep penetration of our brand influence. In terms of the expansion of our own brands, by
upholding quality and safety and based on the actual needs of downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare
institutions, we are committed to continuously identifying products with the potential to become channel bestsellers
and comprehensively enhancing the product coverage of our own brands and use these measures as the key to
differentiating ourselves from competition and enhancing profitability. Meanwhile, we utilise digital marketing
to promote the brand concept and product advantages of our own brands through channels such as targeted
advertising, social media platforms, and collaboration with benchmark offline image stores.

During the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts of our own brands amounted to RMB852 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of approximately 473.4%. Among which, the key single product “Leyaoshi Huoxiang Zhengqi
Kou Fu Ye (樂藥師藿香正氣口服液)” launched in 2024 made substantial breakthroughs in covering primary healthcare
terminals, with primary healthcare institutions contributed over 40% of its total sales. In addition, YSB launched
its second key single product “Leyaoshi Changyanning Kou Fu Ye (樂藥師腸炎寧口服液)” in the first half of 2025.
The product, with an exclusive approval, was listed in over 30,000 independent pharmacies and primary healthcare
institutions within two months after its launch.




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.    7
Business Review and Outlook


OTHER BUSINESSES

ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)

In the context of the digital revolution transforming the healthcare industry, we have continued to strive to improve
the diagnosis and treatment capability of primary care doctors, assist them in expanding their service offerings, and
enhance their comprehensive service capabilities. During the Reporting Period, we launched comprehensive solutions
for “ClouMinihouse” primary smart healthcare system, which integrated “FutureClou” series products, the advanced
point-of-care testing and monitoring devices, “Cloud Consultation SaaS (光譜雲診SaaS)”, a digital clinic management
system, and “ClouWiseDoctor”, a smart AI doctors-aid system. By focusing on equipment upgrades, management
efficiency improvements, as well as diagnosis and treatment empowerment, we aim to comprehensively improve the
operational standards of primary healthcare institutions and the professional skills of primary care doctors.

Leveraging our platform’s vast user base and extensive market data, we have accurately identified potential demands
within common and critical application scenarios in primary healthcare, such as disease prevention, acute disease
treatment, chronic disease rehabilitation, severe disease screening, as well as epidemic monitoring and treatment.
Based on these precise insights, we launched three “FutureClou” series point-of-care testing devices in August 2024,
namely Clou Immuno Cube (光譜免疫小方盒), Clou Chronic Disease Analyzer (光譜慢病檢測儀), and Clou Micro
Hematology Analyzer (光譜微型血球儀). These devices feature immediate testing, multi-parameter analysis, compact
size, and ease of operation, significantly enhancing the efficiency of primary healthcare testing and quickly gaining
market recognition. As of 30 June 2025, these three devices covered more than 18,000 end users with sales exceeding
23,000 units. The AI large models integrated with these devices not only enable real-time analysis of data including
blood lipids, uric acid, C-reactive protein, HbA1c and influenza A/B, pneumonia, and respiratory syncytial virus, but
also generate trend analysis profiles by synthesising patients’ historical test records. This capability provides precise
clinical recommendations, empowering primary care doctors to dynamically evaluate disease management efficacy.
The integration of hardware with AI provides primary care doctors with more comprehensive and accurate diagnostic
information and facilitate their precise prescribed medication use, thereby improving the quality and effectiveness of
primary healthcare services and safeguarding the health of general primary patients.

We continued to optimise and upgrade the “Cloud Consultation” SaaS service for primary healthcare institutions.
Focusing on intelligence and convenience, the AI-powered services automatically consolidated patients’ electronic
medical records, historical medication data, and real-time testing data into dynamic health profiles. When doctors
prescribe medications, the AI engine instantly performs drug interaction screening, dosage rationality validation
and cross-referencing of allergy history, then recommends corresponding western medicine or TCM prescription,
which drastically reduces the time spent on traditional manual handwritten records or paper-based documentation
searches, significantly boosting efficiency for primary care doctors. As of 30 June 2025, “Cloud Consultation” had
covered over 1,500 clinics. Furthermore, we had completed the connection with the medical insurance system in 94
cities, enabling local patients to settle their payments with medical insurance funds via this system. The integration
of hardware, software and AI has unleashed enormous potential, which enabled YSB to establish a service loop
covering the entire supply chain of “testing – diagnosis – treatment – management”, empowering primary healthcare
institutions to upgrade their diagnosis and treatment capability.




8      YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                              Business Review and Outlook


Other SaaS solutions

During the Reporting Period, we always focused on enhancing operational efficiency of the upstream and
downstream participants in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry chain, and continued to optimise the
synergy effect of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical ecosystem through digital empowerment and innovative
services.

We constantly upgraded the “CloudComm (雲商通)” SaaS service for upstream sellers to digitally upgrade their
inventory management, order processing, market analysis, etc., and improved operational efficiency and market
responsiveness. Supported by accurate data insights and smart supply chain, we helped our upstream partners
reduce their operating costs and expand market coverage. As of 30 June 2025, we provided the service to over 9,000
sellers.

We continued to refine our “ePalm” SaaS service for downstream buyers, providing pharmacies and primary
healthcare institutions with one-stop purchasing, inventory management, sales analysis and other tools to achieve
efficient operations and accurate decision-making. Through in-depth application of digital tools, we empowered
downstream users to improve operational efficiency and optimise service quality. As of 30 June 2025, ePalm provided
the service to approximately 66,000 buyers and assisted buyers from 243 cities in connecting with medical insurance
departments, enabling local pharmacies to offer medical insurance settlement service to patients.

YSB eLEARN

During the Reporting Period, we continued to make efforts in improving the service capability of pharmacists to
better meet the needs of end customers. Since 2015, we had innovatively introduced mobile pharmaceutical training
classrooms, aiming to strengthen the professional knowledge and practical skills of pharmacists through systematic
training. We offer comprehensive online training sessions covering pharmaceutical theory, clinical practice and
regulation knowledge to help prospective pharmacists prepare for the Pharmacist Licensure Examination efficiently.
Meanwhile, we actively facilitated the communication among pharmaceutical companies and pharmacists, and
regularly invited well-known pharmaceutical companies to hold online introductory sessions to help pharmacists
gain an in-depth understanding of the latest pharmaceuticals information, clinical application and market dynamics,
which in turn enhances their professional judgment and services in practice. As of 30 June 2025, we provided online
trainings to approximately 314,000 pharmacists and prospective pharmacists.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.    9
Business Review and Outlook


SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Our self-developed smart supply chain management system is an integral key player in the continuous expansion of
business scale. Relying on advanced algorithm technology and the profound insights accumulated from extensive
transacting on our Self-operation Business and Online Marketplace, we have successfully realised the in-depth
integration and comprehensive consolidation of the front and back ends of the supply chain, which covers the whole
process of procurement, warehousing and delivery, driving the intelligent upgrading and substantial enhancement of
the efficiency throughout the supply chain system. During the Reporting Period, we were able to guarantee an order
can be processed and completed for delivery with approximately 3 hours on average, much faster than the industry
level. During the Reporting Period, by leveraging on smart supply chain management, we maintained payable
turnover days at around 67.7 days, inventory turnover days at around 32.2 days and receivable turnover days at
around 1.8 days. Accordingly, our cash conversion cycle was around -33.8 days, and the operating cash flow remained
net inflow in the long run. The quick turnover business model not only significantly improves our cash management
efficiency, but also brings considerable idle cash to the platform, which greatly improves our liquidity and provides a
solid guarantee for us to safely and quickly scale up our business. Meanwhile, the availability of idle cash also brings
us extra revenue streams in addition to higher gross profit, further improving the overall profitability and driving the
sustainable development of our business.

In terms of payment, our platform offers innovative supply chain financial services to downstream buyers. We use
advanced digital technology to efficiently integrate business, logistics, information flow and capital, forming a full-
chain financial service ecosystem linking up upstream and downstream enterprises. With the support of our platform,
third-party financial institutions offer tailor-made order financing products to downstream users, which ensures that
loan funds are utilised according to their specific purposes and used only for the procurement on our platform,
thereby enhancing the funds utilisation of downstream users and further promoting the value co-creation in the
supply chain. During the Reporting Period, the number of downstream active users for order financing products
was over 10,500; the cumulative lending amount was approximately RMB4,402 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 31.0%, of which the cumulative lending amount of order financing products from downstream chain
pharmacy buyers was approximately RMB3,522 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.2%. The supply
chain financial business significantly relieved the pressure on capital turnover of downstream users by optimising
their capital flow management, while boosting the willingness of chain pharmacies in purchasing on our platform.
During the Reporting Period, the number of MPB from chain headquarters was approximately 4,900, representing
approximately 73.0% of the total number of chain headquarters nationwide.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Through years of dedication in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical sector, we have accumulated extensive
industry experience and developed precise market insights, efficient resource deployment and excellent customer
service capabilities. Based on such core strengths, we have tailored our business development strategies in line with
our own development and market needs. We have been closely monitoring the immense potential and opportunities
in the market, while keeping track on regulatory policy changes to continuously optimise our strategic layout, in order
to comply with the dual guidance of policy and market. This flexible and forward-looking strategy not only enables us
to respond quickly to market changes, but also serves as a strong support for us to consistently expand our market
share and consolidate our leading position in the industry. As of 30 June 2025, save for Yikuai Pharmaceutical, our
business development team consisted of around 2,500 members, and we saw a further increase in staff efficiency
of this team as compared to the same period of last year. Each member can manage approximately over 200
pharmacies on average, representing an increase of over 50 pharmacies as compared to the same period of last
year. This development strategy is extremely effective. As of 30 June 2025, we covered 353,000 primary healthcare
institution users, representing an increase of over 24,000 users as compared to the number of such users as of 31
December 2024. Moreover, our registered buyers covered 98.9% of counties and 91.2% of towns in China.



10     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                 Business Review and Outlook


PUBLIC WELFARE AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

We have always incorporated the concept of sustainable development into our corporate DNA, and been active
in fulfilling corporate social responsibility and committed to creating long-term value for society. For giving back
to society with concrete actions, we established Sudao Technology Welfare Association (速道科技公益社團) to join
hands with various departments in making continuous endeavours in various fields including educational welfare and
social welfare.

In terms of educational welfare, we initiated a book donation activity where staff from all departments of the Company
were invited to deliver warmth through Mutian Charity (幕天公益) by sending books to children from villages across
the country. We participated in the public welfare project of “One Kilogram Box (一公斤盒子)” organised by Liepin to
provide diverse teaching toolkits to the schools and students in need. We also made donations to the Green & Shine
Foundation (桂馨基金會) on a quarterly basis to support the improvement of China’s rural education environment,
helping educational welfare and improving the educational conditions for rural teachers and students.

In terms of public welfare, we provided medical supplies including disinfectant supplies and heat-prevention
medicines to flood-hit areas such as Sangzhi, Huaji, and Rongjiang, helping the local people affected by floods. We
join hands with our partners to launch public welfare promotional activities to help farmers as our practical measures
to contribute to rural revitalization. We also provide “Leyaoshi Huoxiang Zhengqi Kou Fu Ye” and refreshing drinks to
social workers who work under high temperature to safeguard their health.

OUTLOOK

As a leader in the digital ecosystem construction of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry, we will navigate
amidst the waves of digital transformation of outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical by virtue of our profound industry
accumulation as well as our outstanding technological innovation capability. We will further deepen the synergistic
cooperation with all participants in the industry chain, comprehensively improve the operational efficiency of
all participants in the industry chain, and promote digital and intelligent upgrading in the outside-of-hospital
pharmaceutical industry, with a view to making the pharmaceutical resources accessible to all and realising the
sustainable development of the industry ecosystem.

In terms of Online Marketplace, we will shoulder the responsibility of promoting the development of the industry
and fostering the growth of our partners, aiming to build a more comprehensive and efficient digital operation
system for upstream sellers. We will empower third-party sellers from all aspects, from accurate market trend insights,
efficient inventory management to customised marketing and promotional strategy development, to support them in
achieving solid growth in a highly competitive market. In addition, we will continuously strive to optimise our product
supply system, enrich product categories and introduce more quality and innovative pharmaceutical products
and health services to meet user needs in a one-stop manner. In terms of TCM decoction pieces, a key sector for
expansion, we will actively strengthen in-depth strategic cooperation with leading enterprises in production areas to
jointly deliver authentic medicinal decoction pieces with ultimate cost-effective prices. With respect to quality control,
we adhere to the principle of “authenticity + superiority over ordinary goods (保真+優於統貨)”, and collaborate
with third-party sellers to launch Jinfang standards, collectively creating a system of Jinfang graded products, and
constructing a comprehensive product gradient.




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025    YSB INC.    11
Business Review and Outlook


In terms of General Self-operation Business, we are committed to further maximising the advantages of our smart
supply chain management system, continuously optimising our warehousing network and logistics distribution
system, in order to enhance overall operational efficiency and user experience. We will continue to strengthen
collaboration with key leading pharmaceutical enterprises to enrich product matrix and enhance cooperation results.
Meanwhile, we will gradually carry out the piloting of local self-operation models to create self-operation exclusive
areas and half-day speedy delivery experience for local downstream users so as to continuously improve user
satisfaction.

In terms of the Targeted Product Launch Business, we will establish a stronger upstream cooperation ecosystem
through in-depth cooperation with upstream pharmaceutical enterprises and suppliers to create the distinctive
advantages of the Targeted Product Launch Business for a win-win situation for all parties concerned. At the same
time, we will also keep on expanding the product mix of our own brand and facilitating brand growth. We build a
brand benchmark by focusing on market demand to create key single products under our Targeted Product Launch
Business with high growth potential; promote scale sales of best-selling products by developing cost-effective
best-selling products; and forge differentiated competitive edges by launching quality and high value-added
exclusive products. We will progressively build a product matrix covering multiple categories and scenarios, thereby
continuously expanding the footprint and influence of our own brands.

In terms of other businesses, taking technology investment as the core driving force, we will promote full release
of the potential of digitalisation and AI technology application through the in-depth integration of advanced AI
capabilities with YSB’s SaaS product matrix, further optimising supply chain management, enhancing the operational
efficiency of pharmacies and clinics, and promoting primary smart healthcare services, thereby creating a smarter,
more efficient and user-friendly business ecosystem. Meanwhile, in order to accelerate the improvement in primary
medical testing level, we will continue to upgrade “FutureClou” series diagnostic-aid devices according to actual
primary healthcare needs. By constantly establishing the testing projects and device iterative feedback mechanism,
we will optimise testing projects and device functions, and continue to enrich testing projects in different diagnosis
and treatment scenarios.

In the longer term, we will maintain a strategic vision and prudent attitude to actively promote industry chain
investments and merger and acquisition deployment in order to bring new momentum to the Company’s long-term
development, achieve strategic upgrading towards ecologisation and diversification, and build a comprehensive and
synergistic pharmaceutical and healthcare industrial ecosystem.




12     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                             Financial Highlights


                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2025                   2024         Change (%)
                                                                              (in RMB thousands, except
                                                                          specified otherwise or percentages)
                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


  Revenue                                                             9,842,619                 8,813,955                     11.7
  Gross profit                                                        1,104,502                   881,716                     25.3
  Gross profit margin                                                    11.2%                     10.0%           1.2 percentage
                                                                                                                            points
  Profit attributable to the owners of the Company                        78,117                    21,820                   258.0
  Non-IFRS: Adjusted Net Profit(1)                                       121,764                    91,411                    33.2

  Earnings per share (RMB)                                                   0.11                      0.03                      266.7

(1)    The adjusted net profit (the “Adjusted Net Profit”) represents profit for the period adding back (i) equity-settled share-based
       payment expenses, and (ii) acquisition-related expenses.




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025       YSB INC.      13
Management Discussion and Analysis


REVENUE

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB9,842.6 million, representing an
increase of 11.7% as compared with RMB8,814.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The increase in
revenue was mainly attributable to: (i) the continued steady development of the Self-operation Business during the
Reporting Period; and (ii) our acquisition has injected new impetus into the Group’s revenue growth.

The Group’s revenue from the Self-operation Business increased by 12.5% from RMB8,344.8 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB9,389.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily attributable to: (i)
enlarged buyer base and the continuous optimization of buyers’ experience such as logistics and customer services; (ii)
the number of MPB of our Self-operation Business recorded a continuous and stable increase as compared with the
same period of last year; and (iii) our acquisition has injected new impetus into the Group’s revenue growth.

The Group’s revenue from the Online Marketplace decreased slightly from RMB440.5 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2024 to RMB436.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily attributable to the
downturn in the pharmaceutical retail market, which exerted a relatively significant impact on the industry and,
accordingly, affected third-party sellers. During the Reporting Period, the commission rate applied to third-party
sellers remained stable.

The Group’s revenue from the other businesses decreased from RMB28.6 million for the six months ended 30
June 2024 to RMB17.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly attributable to the adjustment of the
operation/service model of ClouDiagnos.

COST OF SALES

The Group’s cost of sales increased by 10.2% from RMB7,932.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to
RMB8,738.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily due to the increase in sales of our Self-operation
Business.

The cost of sales of the Group’s Self-operation Business increased by 10.4% from RMB7,850.1 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB8,666.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The increase of the cost
of sales for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was primarily due to the growth of purchase demand from buyers, as
a result of which we increased the procurement of pharmaceutical products accordingly.

The cost of sales of the Group’s Online Marketplace increased by 2.3% from RMB69.7 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2024 to RMB71.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to the expansion of
transaction volume on our platform.

The cost of sales of the Group’s other businesses decreased by 96.5% from RMB12.5 million for the six months ended
30 June 2024 to RMB0.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to the decrease in costs in relation
to ClouDiagnos.




14     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s gross profit increased significantly by 25.3% from RMB881.7 million for the
six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB1,104.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The Group’s gross
profit margin increased from 10.0% for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to 11.2% for the six months ended 30 June
2025, mainly due to the downstream demand for the Group’s own-branded products has remained strong, and the
scale of this high-gross-margin business has continued to expand, thereby continuously improving the Group’s gross
profit margin.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Self-operation Business increased from 5.9% for the six months ended 30
June 2024 to 7.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2025, which was primarily due to the implementation of the “Go
Upstream” (向上走) strategy by gradually increasing the percentage of our own brand in our product pipeline, which
has much higher gross margin than other products.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Online Marketplace decreased slightly from 84.2% for the six months ended
30 June 2024 to 83.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2025, which was primarily due to: (i) with the expansion of
our Self-operation Business, our Online Marketplace generated increased commissions from our own stores on the
platform, which were eliminated in consolidated reporting; and (ii) the transaction processing fees related to our own
stores’ transactions on the platform were recorded as cost of sales for this segment.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s other businesses increased from 56.4% for the six months ended 30 June
2024 to 97.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to the year-on-year growth of revenue of our SaaS
solution, which has a higher gross profit margin, and the corresponding increase of its proportion of revenue.

SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

The Group’s selling and marketing expenses increased by 16.9% from RMB707.5 million for the six months ended
30 June 2024 to RMB826.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to: (i) our acquisition of Yikuai
Pharmaceutical, which has led to an increase in overall expenses; and (ii) we continued to expand our business
operations. Fulfillment expenses increased slightly by 6.6% from RMB155.7 million for the six months ended 30 June
2024 to RMB166.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, among which logistics expenses increased from
RMB117.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB126.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.
Although the Group’s selling and marketing expenses had increased during the Reporting Period, due to a greater
revenue growth, the selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of the Group’s revenue remained largely stable.

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

The Group’s general and administrative expenses increased by 12.0% from RMB169.7 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2024 to RMB190.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to our acquisition
of Yikuai Pharmaceutical, which has led to an increase in overall expenses. Although the Group’s general and
administrative expenses had increased during the Reporting Period, such expenses remained stable as a percentage
of the Group’s revenue.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

The Group’s research and development expenses increased by 6.3% from RMB45.7 million for the six months ended 30
June 2024 to RMB48.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily attributable to an increased employee
headcount resulting from the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical, thereby increasing salaries and welfare benefits.


                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.   15
Management Discussion and Analysis


OTHER INCOME

The Group’s other income decreased from RMB49.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB36.7
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The decrease was primarily attributable to reductions in bank interest
income due to the decline in the bank interest rate and government grants.

OTHER GAINS/LOSSES (NET)

The Group recorded net other gains of RMB9.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 as compared to net
other losses of RMB0.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This change was primarily due to the loss from
fair value changes of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

FINANCE COSTS

The Group’s finance costs increased slightly from RMB5.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB6.1
million for the corresponding period in 2025 due to the increase in interest expense on discounted note receivables
and lease liabilities.

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s profit for the period amounted to RMB74.0 million for the six months ended
30 June 2025, which is nearly six times as compared with RMB13.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

NON-IFRS MEASURE

In evaluating our business, we consider and use (i) Adjusted Net Profit; and (ii) Adjusted Net Profit margin as
supplemental measures to review and assess our operating performance. The presentation of these non-IFRS
financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the financial information
prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS. We define Adjusted Net Profit as profit for the period adding
back (i) equity-settled share-based payment expenses; and (ii) acquisition-related expenses. We define Adjusted Net
Profit margin as adjusted net profit divided by revenue. We present these non-IFRS financial measures because they
are used by our management to evaluate our operating performance and formulate business plans. Accordingly,
we believe that the use of these non-IFRS financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in
understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and Board. These non-
IFRS financial measures are not defined under IFRS and are not presented in accordance with IFRS. These non-
IFRS financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool. Further, these non-IFRS measures may differ from the
non-IFRS information used by other companies, including peer companies, and therefore its comparability may be
limited. These non-IFRS financial measures should not be considered in isolation or construed as alternatives to
profit/loss or any other measure of performance. Investors are encouraged to review our historical non-IFRS financial
measures in light of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, as shown below. The non-IFRS financial measures
presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled measure presented by other companies. Other companies
may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting the usefulness of such measures when analysing our data
comparatively. We encourage you to review our financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial
measure.




16     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


The Adjusted Net Profit, which is unaudited, represents profit for the period adding back (i) equity-settled share-
based payment expenses; and (ii) acquisition-related expenses. The Adjusted Net Profit of the Group increased
significantly from RMB91.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB121.8 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025, representing a year-on-year growth of 33.2%.

The following table reconciles our Adjusted Net Profit from the most directly comparable financial measure
calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS (profit for the period).

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                 (RMB’000)           (RMB’000)
                                                                                (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Profit for the period                                                               73,998                 13,354
 Add back:
 Equity-settled shared-based payment expenses                                        34,790                 78,057
 Acquisition-related expenses                                                        12,976                      –
 Adjusted Net Profit, a non-IFRS measure                                            121,764                 91,411
 Adjusted Net Profit margin, a non-IFRS measure                                       1.2%                   1.0%


Adjusted Net Profit is not a measure of performance under IFRS. The use of the Adjusted Net Profit has material
limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact our loss for the relevant period.

LIQUIDITY AND SOURCE OF FUNDING AND BORROWING

The Group financed its operating and investing activities mainly through internally generated cash flows and
proceeds from the Global Offering. Our cash and cash equivalents are represented by cash and bank balances and
time deposits with original maturity of three months or less.

As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased by 6.2% from RMB1,041.2 million as at 31
December 2024 to RMB1,105.9 million. The increase of cash and cash equivalents for the six months ended 30 June
2025 primarily resulted from a higher turnover efficiency of working capital.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.   17
Management Discussion and Analysis


The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated:

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                   (RMB’000)           (RMB’000)
                                                                                  (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Net cash generated from operating activities                                         256,660                418,880
 Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                              (114,626)               299,301
 Net cash used in financing activities                                                (76,557)                (60,476)
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                             65,477                657,705
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                           1,041,228                745,693
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 (798)                  1,469
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                 1,105,907              1,404,867


The Group adopts a prudent financial management approach for its cash management policy to ensure that
the Group’s liquidity structure, comprising assets, liabilities and other commitments, is able to always meet its
capital requirements. Going forward, we believe our liquidity requirements will be satisfied by using funds from a
combination of cash generated from operating activities, external borrowings, net proceeds from the Global Offering
and other funds raised from the capital markets from time to time.

NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB256.7 million, mainly
attributable to our profit before tax of RMB68.9 million for the period, as adjusted by (i) non-cash and non-operating
items, which primarily comprised share-based payment expenses of RMB34.8 million, and (ii) changes in working
capital, which was mainly due to the increase of RMB258.2 million in trade and other payables but offset by the
increase in inventories of RMB199.2 million.

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, net cash used in investing activities was RMB114.6 million. It was mainly due
to the net outflow of RMB163.0 million in the placement of time deposits during the Reporting Period.

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, net cash used in financing activities was RMB76.6 million, which was mainly
attributable to (i) share repurchase; and (ii) dividends paid.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a
value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as at 30 June 2025) during the six months ended 30 June 2025.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, consolidated affiliated entities or
associated companies during the six months ended 30 June 2025.

18     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s interest-bearing deposits of RMB1,544.0 million were used as pledge for the issuance
of note payable.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 30 June 2025.

GEARING RATIO

The Group’s gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. As of 30 June
2025, as the Group had interest-bearing bank borrowings advance from discounted notes, its gearing ratio was 4.3% (as
of 31 December 2024: 0.9%).

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

As at the date of this interim report, there were no significant events that might affect our Group since the end of the
Reporting Period.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

As at 30 June 2025, the Group had 6,620 employees. The following table sets forth the total number of employees by
function as at 30 June 2025:

                                                                                                          Number of
 Function                                                                                                 employees


 General and Administrative                                                                                            948
 Selling and Marketing                                                                                               2,968
 Operations                                                                                                          2,338
 Research and Development                                                                                              366

 Total                                                                                                           6,620


The Group believes in the importance of attraction, recruitment and retention of quality employees in achieving
the Group’s success. Employees’ remuneration is determined in accordance with prevailing industry practice and
employees’ educational backgrounds, experience and performance. The remuneration policy and package of the
Group’s employees are periodically reviewed.

The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises competitive salaries, performance-based sales
commissions, performance-based cash bonuses and certain other incentives. In accordance with applicable PRC
regulations, the Group has made contributions to housing fund and various employee social security plans that are
organised by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, maternity,
work-related injury and unemployment benefit plans, at specified percentages of the salaries of our employees.
Bonuses and sales commissions are generally discretionary and based in part on employee performance and in part
on the overall performance of our business.




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025    YSB INC.      19
Management Discussion and Analysis


The Company also has adopted two share incentive plans, the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive
Plan to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General
Information — Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further details of the share incentive plans.

The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB628.3 million, as
compared to RMB545.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. During the six months ended 30 June 2025,
the Group did not experience any significant labour disputes or any difficulty in recruiting employees.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the transactions
were settled in Renminbi (“RMB”), the Company’s primary consolidated affiliated entities’ functional currency. We are
exposed to foreign exchange risk arising mainly from bank balances and financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss denominated in foreign currency of certain entities of the Group. The Group currently does not have a foreign
currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor
its foreign currency exposure and foreign exchange risk management strategies closely and will consider hedging
significant foreign currency exposure should the need arises to minimise its foreign exchange risk.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2025.




20     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                Corporate Governance and Other Information


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 27 August 2018 as an exempted company with limited
liability, and the Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date.

The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate
governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of Shareholders
and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG
Code except for the deviation as set out below.

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the roles of chairperson and chief
executive to be separate and not to be performed by the same person. Our Company deviates from this provision
as Mr. Buzhen Zhang performs both the roles of chairman of our Board and the chief executive officer of our
Company. Mr. Zhang is the founder of the Company and a substantial shareholder, and has extensive experience in
the business operations and management of our Group. Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairman
and chief executive officer to Mr. Zhang has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and
enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning. This structure will enable our Company to make and
implement decisions promptly and effectively. Our Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not
be impaired due to this arrangement. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of our
Board, including the relevant board committees, and our three independent non-executive Directors. Our Board will
reassess the division of the roles of chairman and the chief executive officer from time-to-time, and may recommend
dividing the two roles between different people in the future, taking into account the circumstances of our Group as
a whole.

Code provision C.3.2 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the functions reserved to the
board and those delegated to management should be formalised. These arrangements should also be reviewed
periodically to ensure that they remain appropriate to the issuer’s needs. The Company did not review periodically
the arrangement regarding the functions reserved to the Board and those delegated to management. However,
when a matter arises that requires decision, the Board will determine whether it should be reserved for the Board or
delegate to the management to deal with.

The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by Directors
and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the Model
Code during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.   21
Corporate Governance and Other Information


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company has established the Audit Committee, in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the CG
Code (as amended from time to time), comprising of three members, being Ms. Rong Shao, Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun and
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao, with Mr. Zhao (being the Company’s independent non-executive Director with the appropriate
professional qualifications) as chairman of the Audit Committee, among other things, to review and supervise the
financial reporting process and internal controls system of our Group, review and approve connected transactions
and provide advice and comments to the Board.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025
and this interim report, and has met with the independent Auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The Audit Committee
has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and
internal control with senior management members of the Company. The condensed consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 have been reviewed by the Auditor in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

OTHER BOARD COMMITTEES

In addition to the Audit Committee, the Company has also established a nomination committee, a remuneration
committee and an environmental, social and corporate governance committee.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 5,635,000 shares on the Stock Exchange at an
aggregate consideration of HK$44,298,184.24. Details of the shares repurchased are as follows:

                                                                   Price paid per share
                                          No. of shares
                                             aggregate                                                  Aggregate
 Month of repurchase                       repurchased              Highest               Lowest      consideration
                                                                      (HKD)                (HKD)             (HKD)


 May                                           5,175,000                8.36                 6.98      39,702,308.24
 June                                            460,000               10.34                 9.55       4,595,876.00


 Total                                         5,635,000                                               44,298,184.24


Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities purchased,
sold or redeemed any of the Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including sale of treasury shares) (as
defined under the Listing Rules) during the Reporting Period. 5,635,000 repurchased shares were cancelled on 4 July
2025. As at 30 June 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.




22       YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                 Corporate Governance and Other Information


MATERIAL LITIGATION

The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the six months ended 30 June 2025.
The Directors are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group
during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (for
the six months ended 30 June 2024: nil).

USE OF PROCEEDS

The Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2023. The net proceeds raised from the Global
Offering (as defined in the Prospectus) were approximately HK$242.2 million (including the additional proceeds
received upon the partial exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as defined in the Prospectus)).

As of 30 June 2025, all of the net proceeds had been fully utilised in the manner consistent with that disclosed in the
Prospectus under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” and the announcement of the Company
dated 15 October 2024.

CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION

Changes in information of Directors which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
are set out below:

(1)    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun ceased to act as an independent director of Zhihu Inc. (知乎), a company listed on the
       Stock Exchange (stock code: 2390) and the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: ZH) since 27 May 2025.

(2)    Ms. Rong Shao has been appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 27 June
       2025.

Saved as disclosed above, there is no other change in information of Directors required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the last published annual report.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATION PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules
13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025    YSB INC.   23
Corporate Governance and Other Information


DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures of the Company or Any of Its Associated Corporations

As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO, which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code were as follows:

Interest in the Company

                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                Number of             percentage         Long position/
  Name of Director                     Nature of interest                   ordinary shares           of holding(1)      Short position


  Mr. Buzhen Zhang(2)                  Interest in a controlled                  125,316,184                 18.37%      Long position
                                          corporation
                                       Interest of spouse                           5,400,000                 0.79%      Long position
  Mr. Fei Chen(3)                      Beneficial owner                             8,250,000                 1.21%      Long position

Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 681,999,595 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.

(2)      Represents (i) 125,316,184 Shares held by MIYT Holdings Limited, a company controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited, which in turn is
         wholly owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director; and (ii) 5,400,000 Shares underlying options granted under
         the 2019 Share Incentive Plan to Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Zhang. Under the SFO, Mr. Zhang is deemed to be interested in
         the entire interests of MIYT Holdings Limited and Ms. Xu in our Company.

(3)      Includes 5,300,000 Shares underlying options granted under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan to Mr. Chen pursuant to the exercise of
         options granted to Mr. Chen under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, so far as was known to any Director or the chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company had any interest or short position in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code.




24       YSB INC.      INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                 Corporate Governance and Other Information


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2025, the persons other than the Directors and chief executives, whose interests had been disclosed in
this interim report, had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                   Approximate
                               Capacity/Nature                    Number of         percentage         Long position/
 Name of Shareholder           of interest                    ordinary shares       of holding(1)      Short position


 MIYT Holdings Limited(2)      Beneficial owner                  125,316,184             18.37%        Long position
 MIYT Worldwide Limited(2)     Interest of a controlled           125,316,184             18.37%       Long position
                                  corporation
 TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(2)          Interest of a controlled           125,316,184              18.37%      Long position
                                  corporation
 Buzhen Zhang(2)(3)            Interest of a controlled           125,316,184              18.37%      Long position
                                  corporation
                               Interest of spouse                   5,400,000               0.79%      Long position
 Million Surplus               Beneficial owner                   63,324,784               9.29%       Long position
  Developments Limited(4)
 Meta Group Limited(4)        Interest of a controlled              63,324,784              9.29%      Long position
                                 corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology Interest of a controlled                  63,324,784              9.29%      Long position
    Holdings Limited(4)          corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology Interest of a controlled                  63,324,784              9.29%      Long position
    Investment Limited(4)        corporation
 Sounda Hopson Investment Interest of a controlled                  63,324,784              9.29%      Long position
    Holdings Limited(4)          corporation
 Sounda Properties Limited(4) Beneficial owner                    16,400,000               2.40%       Long position
                              Interest of a controlled             63,324,784               9.29%      Long position
                                 corporation
 Chu Mang Yee   (4)
                              Interest of a controlled              79,724,784             11.69%      Long position
                                 corporation
 Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.(5) Nominee for another                  79,750,800             11.69%        Long position
                                 person
 Internet Fund Holding        Interest of a controlled              79,750,800             11.69%      Long position
    V. Ltd.(5)                   corporation
 Tiger Global Private         Beneficial owner                      79,750,800             11.69%      Long position
    Investment Partners
    XI, L.P.(5)
 Tiger Global Management      Investment manager                    79,750,800             11.69%      Long position
    LLC(5)




                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025      YSB INC.     25
Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                Approximate
                                   Capacity/Nature                Number of      percentage      Long position/
 Name of Shareholder               of interest                ordinary shares    of holding(1)   Short position


 Tiger Global PIP                  Interest of a controlled        79,750,800         11.69%     Long position
   Performance XI, L.P.(5)            corporation
 Charles P. Coleman III(5)         Interest of a controlled        79,750,800         11.69%     Long position
                                      corporation
 Scott Shleifer(5)                 Interest of a controlled        79,750,800         11.69%     Long position
                                      corporation
 H Capital V, L.P.(6)              Beneficial owner               55,831,444           8.19%     Long position
 H Capital V GP, L.P.(6)           Interest of a controlled        55,831,444           8.19%    Long position
                                      corporation
 H Capital V GP, Ltd.(6)           Interest of a controlled        55,831,444           8.19%    Long position
                                      corporation
 Xiaohong Chen(6)                  Interest of a controlled        55,831,444           8.19%    Long position
                                      corporation
 Shanghai Fosun                    Beneficial owner               40,033,160           5.87%     Long position
   Pharmaceutical Industrial
   Development Co., Ltd(7)
 Shanghai Fosun                 Interest of a controlled           40,033,160           5.87%    Long position
   Pharmaceutical (Group)          corporation
   Co., Ltd.(7)
 Fosun International Limited(7) Interest of a controlled           40,033,160           5.87%    Long position
                                   corporation
 Shanghai Fosun High            Interest of a controlled           40,033,160           5.87%    Long position
   Technology (Group)              corporation
   Co., Ltd.(7)
 Fosun Holdings Limited(7)      Interest of a controlled           40,033,160           5.87%    Long position
                                   corporation
 Fosun International            Interest of a controlled           40,033,160           5.87%    Long position
   Holdings Ltd.(7)                corporation
 Guo Guangchang(7)              Interest of a controlled           40,033,160           5.87%    Long position
                                   corporation




26     YSB INC.      INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information


Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 681,999,595 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.

(2)      MIYT Holdings Limited is controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited which in turn is the holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman)
         Ltd., the trustee of a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Buzhen
         Zhang, TMF (Cayman) Ltd. and MIYT Worldwide Limited is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by MIYT Holdings
         Limited.

(3)      Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, is interested in the underlying options granted under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan
         of the Company. By virtue of Part XV of the SFO, Mr. Buzhen Zhang is deemed to be interested in the entire interest of Ms. Xiaoye
         Xu in our Company.

(4)      Million Surplus Developments Limited is wholly owned by Meta Group Limited which is in turn controlled by Sounda Hopson
         Technology Holdings Limited and by Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited. Both Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings
         Limited and Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited are wholly owned by Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings Limited
         which in turn is wholly owned by Sounda Properties Limited. Sounda Properties Limited is controlled by Mr. Chu Mang Yee.
         Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Chu Mang Yee, Sounda Properties Limited, Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings
         Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited and Meta Group Limited is
         deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Million Surplus Developments Limited and Mr. Chu Mang Yee is deemed to be
         interested in all of the Shares held by Sounda Properties Limited.

(5)      Internet Fund V Pte. Ltd. is wholly owned by Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd., which is in turn controlled by Tiger Global Private
         Investment Partners XI, L.P., which general partner is Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and is wholly owned by Tiger Global
         Management, LLC. Both Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and Tiger Global Management, LLC are controlled by Mr. Charles P.
         Coleman III and Mr. Scott Shleifer. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Charles P. Coleman III, Mr. Scott Shleifer, Tiger
         Global PIP Performance XI, L.P., Tiger Global Management, LLC, Tiger Global Private Investment Partners XI, L.P. and Internet Fund
         Holding V. Ltd. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.

(6)      H Capital V GP, L.P. is the general partner of H Capital V, L.P. H Capital V GP, Ltd. is the general partner of H Capital V GP, L.P. and is
         controlled by Ms Xiaohong Chen. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Ms Xiaohong Chen, H Capital V GP, Ltd. and H Capital
         V GP, L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by H Capital V, L.P.

(7)      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd. is wholly owned by Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
         Ltd., which is owned as to 0.22% by Fosun International Limited and 35.84% by Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.,
         which is in turn wholly owned by Fosun International Limited. Fosun International Limited is owned as to 73.30% by Fosun Holdings
         Limited and 0.01% by Mr. Guo Guangchang. Fosun Holdings Limited is in turn wholly owned by Fosun International Holdings Ltd.
         and which Mr. Guo Guangchang is holding as to 85.29%. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Guo Guangchang, Fosun
         International Holdings Ltd., Fosun Holdings Limited, Fosun International Limited, Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co.,
         Ltd., and Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Shanghai Fosun
         Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd.


Save as disclosed above, as at the date 30 June 2025 based on publicly available information, no other person (other
than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying
Shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or which were required to be entered in the register required to
be kept under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.




                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025          YSB INC.     27
Corporate Governance and Other Information


SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

Details of Share Incentive Plans of our Company

The Company had two share incentive plans in effect during the Reporting Period: (a) the 2019 Share Incentive Plan,
which was adopted before our Listing and does not constitute a share scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules and under which we may not grant any new incentive units (or awards) after Listing; and (b) and the 2023 Share
Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Plans”), which was adopted immediately prior to our Listing and constitutes a share
scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The following table summarises certain material terms of the Plans. For further information about the 2019 Share
Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-15 to IV-16 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus. For further information about the
2023 Share Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-19 to IV-28 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

980,000 new Shares, representing approximately 0.14% of the weighted average of issued share capital (excluding
treasury shares) of the Company, may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted during the Reporting
Period to eligible participants pursuant to the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.

Further details and relevant breakdowns of each of the Plans are set out below:

                                           2019 Share Incentive Plan                  2023 Share Incentive Plan


Scheme mandate limit                       47,772,984 Shares                          63,235,005 new Shares; and subject to an
                                                                                        annual limit of 2% of the total issued
                                                                                        shares immediately upon Listing, for
                                                                                        awards over existing Shares (which is
                                                                                        automatically refreshed on 1 January
                                                                                        of each year up to 2% of the total
                                                                                        issued share number on 31 December
                                                                                        of the previous year, and which may
                                                                                        be adjusted by the Board from time to
                                                                                        time).

Service provider sublimit                  N/A                                        1,264,700 new Shares

Number of options and awards               No further grant of awards would be made As at 1 January 2025, 48,208,655 Award
 (to be satisfied by new Shares)            under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan       Shares (to be satisfied by new Shares)
 available for grant under the              after Listing. As at 1 January 2025 and   were available for grant under the 2023
 scheme mandate and the service             30 June 2025, the aggregate number        Share Incentive Plan.
 provider sublimit (if applicable)          of underlying Shares pursuant to the
 at the beginning and the end of            outstanding options granted under       During the Reporting Period, 980,000
 the Reporting Period                       the 2019 Share Incentive Plan were        Award Shares (to be satisfied by new
                                            30,542,724 and 30,118,312 Shares,         Shares) had been granted and 559,923
                                            respectively.                             Award Shares had lapsed pursuant to the
                                                                                      2023 Share Incentive Plan.

                                                                                      As at 30 June 2025, the total number of
                                                                                        Award Shares (to be satisfied by new
                                                                                        Shares) available for grant under the
                                                                                        2023 Share Incentive Plan was 47,788,578
                                                                                        Shares.

Number of Shares available for issue       30,118,312 Shares, representing 4.43% of       57,558,740 Shares, representing 8.46%
 (i.e., new Shares) pursuant to              the Company’s total issued share number        of the Company’s total issued share
 awards granted and ungranted                as at the date of the interim report, all of   number as at the date of the interim
 under the plan                              which represent awards already granted         report.
                                             prior to Listing.

28     YSB INC.      INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                       Corporate Governance and Other Information


Details of grants made under the Plans

The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding share options under the 2019 Share Incentive
Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards were made under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan that
ought to be disclosed in this interim report:

2019 Share Incentive Plan

                                                                                                                                                         Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Number of                         Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Shares                       of options       Weighted
                                                                                                                            Number of                                                                          Number of     underlying the                      on date of          average
                                                                                                                               options     Number of       Number of        Number of          Number of          options      outstanding    Closing price   grant and the     closing price
                                                                      Vesting period                                       outstanding        options          options          options           options     outstanding           options   of our Shares      accounting    of our Shares
                                                                      (from date of grant)                             as at beginning granted during exercised during cancelled during     lapsed during     as at end of     as at end of    immediately         standard     immediately
  Name or category Position/                                          and/or performance               Exercise price of Reporting the Reporting the Reporting the Reporting                the Reporting       Reporting        Reporting       before the       and policy      before the
  of grantee(1)    Relationship                Date of grant          target(2)                           per Share(3)          Period         Period           Period           Period            Period           Period           Period   date of grant       adopted(4)   exercise date



  Directors, Chief Executive, Substantial Shareholders and Associates
  Fei Chen              Director, Chief        5 May 2022           Two-third of the outstanding            US$0.40         2,650,000               –                –                –                 –        2,650,000        5,300,000            N/A              N/A             N/A
                           Financial Officer,                          options will be vested within
                           Joint Company                               4 years, and one-third of the
                           Secretary                                   outstanding options will be
                                                                       vested upon the completion
                                                                       of the core projects
  Xiaoye Xu(4)          Chief Operation        1 October 2019 to 4 years                               US$0.525-1.00        2,400,000               –                –                –                 –        2,400,000        4,800,000            N/A              N/A             N/A
                           Officer of Online      1 November 2021
                           Marketplace
  Other Grantees
  Employee participants                        1 July 2017 to       4 years                             US$0.14-1.00       10,171,362               –           78,956                –           133,250        9,959,156       19,918,312            N/A              N/A       HK$7.6935
    in aggregate                                  10 June 2023
  Service provider                             1 January 2023       4 years                                      Nil           50,000               –                –                –                 –          50,000           100,000            N/A              N/A             N/A
    participants
    (consultants)
    in aggregate


  Total                                                                                                                   15,271,362                –           78,956                –          133,250      15,059,156        30,118,312


Notes:

(1)              With respect to each award granted, upon each vesting date, the portion of the award that vests shall depend on the grantee
                 meeting the vesting requirements, which are typically performance targets for a specified threshold in their performance evaluations
                 during the one-year period prior to the vesting date, or upon successful completion of specified projects.

(2)              The exercise period of these options commences from the vesting date of the relevant options and end on the tenth anniversary of
                 the grant date thereof, subject to the terms of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the share option agreement signed by the grantee.

(3)              No consideration was payable by grantees for these share options.

(4)              Ms. Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former director of our Company.


Further details of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan are also set out in Note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025                               YSB INC.                 29
Corporate Governance and Other Information


2023 Share Incentive Plan

The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding Award Shares over new Shares under the 2023
Share Incentive Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards over new Shares were made under the
2023 Share Incentive Plan that ought to be disclosed in this interim report.

                                                                                                                             Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Fair value of
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Award Shares         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  on date of         average
                                                                                                                                                                                                Closing price      grant and    closing price
                                                                                              Outstanding as      Granted           Vested        Cancelled         Lapsed       Outstanding    of our Shares the accounting    of our shares
                                                                                                at beginning    during the       during the      during the      during the     as at the end    immediately        standard     immediately
  Name or category    Position/                              Vesting period       Performance of Reporting      Reporting        Reporting       Reporting       Reporting      of Reporting       before the      and policy      before the
  of grantee          Relationship       Date of grant       (from date of grant) target              Period        Period           Period          Period          Period            Period   date of grant      adopted(7)   vesting date


  Xiaoye Xu(8)        Chief Operation 6 November 2024 3 years                    See Note 6          600,000            –                 –               –               –          600,000         HK$7.35         HK$7.35             N/A
                        Officer of Online
                        Marketplace
  992 grantees        Employee            4 September 2023 2 – 4 years(1)        See Note 6         2,269,750           –                 –               –          128,600        2,141,150           N/A              N/A             N/A
                        participants
  618 grantees        Employee            6 February 2024 1-4 years(2)           See Note 6         9,827,400           –          4,355,242              –          406,323        5,065,835        HK$6.00         HK$6.00         HK$5.91
                        participants
  1 grantee           Service provider 6 February 2024 2 years(3)                See Note 6          120,000            –            60,000               –               –           60,000         HK$6.00         HK$6.00         HK$5.91
                        participant
  35 grantees         Employee            6 November 2024 1-4 years(4)           See Note 6         1,228,000           –                 –               –           25,000        1,203,000        HK$7.35         HK$7.35             N/A
                        participants
  10 grantees         Employee            3 April 2025     2-3 years(5)          See Note 6                0       980,000                –               –               –          980,000         HK$8.26         HK$8.26             N/A
                        participants


  Total                                                                                           14,045,150      980,000        4,415,242                –         559,923      10,049,985


Notes:

(1)              627,900 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; and 3,190,100 Award Shares
                 shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was payable on the grant of
                 these Award Shares.

(2)              1,462,500 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 3,275,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on
                 annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; 5,655,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years equally on annual basis in arrears
                 from the date of grant; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant.
                 No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(3)              The 120,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was
                 payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(4)              2,000 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 444,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years from the date of grant
                 equally on an annual basis in arrears; 600,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years from the date of grant equally on an annual
                 basis in arrears; 30,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 26 March 2025 and 50% to be vested on 26
                 March 2026; 130,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 21 July 2025 and 50% to be vested on 21 July
                 2026; 12,000 Award Shares shall vest in three batches with one-third to be vested on 7 July 2025, one-third to be vested on 7 July
                 2026 and one-third to be vested on 7 July 2027; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest in four batches, with 25% to be vested on 11 July
                 2025, 25% to be vested on 11 July 2026, 25% to be vested on 11 July 2027 and 25% to be vested on 11 July 2028.




30               YSB INC.              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information


(5)    980,000 Award Shares shall vest between 3 April 2026 and 3 April 2028. The period between the grant date and the first vesting date
       is more than 12 months. No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(6)    Each vesting of the award shares granted to the award grantees will be subject to the individual annual performance targets
       as stipulated in the respective grant letters entered into by each award grantee and the Company. These performance targets
       are set against certain benchmark in which the individual grantee achieves, including but not limited to annual sales target, and
       various project milestone achievements, etc. The vesting percentage of the Award Shares will be adjusted based on his/her annual
       performance evaluation at each vesting.

(7)    The fair value of Award Shares was determined based on the market price of the Company’s Shares at the grant date. For the
       relevant accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the
       six months ended 30 June 2025.

(8)    Ms. Xiaoye Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former director of our
       Company.


Details regarding grants to be satisfied by existing shares will be disclosed in the annual report ending 31 December
2025 according to the Listing Rules’ requirements. Further details of the 2023 Share Incentive Plan are also set out in
Note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025        YSB INC.    31
Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF YSB INC.
(incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 33 to 57, which comprise the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position as of 30 June 2025 and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation
of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a
conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making
inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
20 August 2025




32     YSB INC.     INTERIM REPORT 2025
   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2025               2024
                                                         NOTES         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                    (unaudited)        (unaudited)


Revenue                                                    4          9,842,619              8,813,955
Cost of sales                                                        (8,738,117)            (7,932,239)


Gross profit                                                          1,104,502                881,716

Other income                                               5              36,687                 49,092
Other gains and losses                                     6                (384)                 9,634
Impairment losses (recognised) reversed
  under expected credit loss model, net                                     (264)                    436
Selling and marketing expenses                                          (826,937)             (707,545)
Research and development expenses                                        (48,566)               (45,678)
General and administrative expenses                                     (190,057)             (169,665)
Finance costs                                              7              (6,068)                 (5,272)


Profit before tax                                                         68,913                 12,718
Income tax credit                                          8               5,085                    636


Profit for the period                                      9              73,998                 13,354


Other comprehensive expense for the period                                       –                     –


Profit and total comprehensive income for the period                      73,998                 13,354


Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income (expense)
  for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                     78,117                 21,820
Non-controlling interests                                                 (4,119)                 (8,466)


                                                                          73,998                 13,354


Earnings per share
  Basic and diluted (RMB)                                 11                 0.11                    0.03




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.     33
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2025




                                                                                 As at           As at
                                                                              30 June    31 December
                                                                                 2025            2024
                                                                   NOTES     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                           (unaudited)       (audited)


 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment, net                                            54,737          66,852
 Right-of-use assets                                                          172,894         201,970
 Intangible assets                                                            505,231         526,498
 Goodwill                                                                     273,290         273,290
 Deferred tax assets                                                            4,910           4,066
 Time deposits                                                                542,000         254,000


                                                                            1,553,062       1,326,676


 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                1,661,333       1,464,548
 Trade and other receivables                                        12        551,518         582,657
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)    13        721,488         695,949
 Time deposits                                                                124,450         281,574
 Restricted bank deposits                                                   1,057,506       1,134,621
 Bank balances and cash                                                     1,105,907       1,009,082


                                                                            5,222,202       5,168,431


 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                           14     (3,962,753)      (3,739,673)
 Contract liabilities                                                         (33,113)          (29,608)
 Lease liabilities                                                            (77,846)          (82,271)
 Bank borrowings                                                              (97,990)          (21,207)
 Contingent consideration payables                                            (41,609)                –


                                                                           (4,213,311)      (3,872,759)


 Net current assets                                                         1,008,891       1,295,672


 Total assets less current liabilities                                      2,561,953       2,622,348




34     YSB INC.      INTERIM REPORT 2025
             Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                            As at 30 June 2025




                                                            As at                      As at
                                                         30 June               31 December
                                                            2025                       2024
                                               NOTE     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                      (unaudited)                  (audited)


Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                         (106,554)                  (130,036)
Deferred tax liabilities                                  (110,736)                  (114,977)
Contingent consideration payables                          (71,451)                  (108,691)


                                                          (288,741)                  (353,704)


Net assets                                              2,273,212                   2,268,644


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                   15             12                          12
Reserves                                                2,327,738                   2,319,051


Equity attributable to owners of the Company            2,327,750                   2,319,063
Non-controlling interests                                 (54,538)                     (50,419)


Total equity                                            2,273,212                   2,268,644




                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025        YSB INC.   35
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                            Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                                    Share-
                                                                        Deferred                    based                                                   Non-
                                                  Share       Share consideration      Capital   payments     Treasury      Accumulated                controlling
                                                 capital   premium        shares     reserves1    reserves      shares            losses     Sub-total interests        Total
                                                RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                        (Note)


    At 1 January 2024 (audited)                      11    9,370,430            –       39,890     150,494      (4,829)        (7,636,234)    1,919,762    (36,224)   1,883,538


    Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
      income (expense) for the period                 –           –             –           –            –              –         21,820        21,820      (8,466)     13,354
    Recognition of equity-settled share-based
      payments (Note 16)                              –           –             –           –       78,057              –               –       78,057           –      78,057
    Transfer forfeited equity-settled
      share-based payments to
      accumulated losses (Note 16)                    –           –             –           –       (7,109)           –            7,109              –          –            –
    Repurchase of shares (Note 15)                    –           –             –           –            –      (2,210)                –         (2,210)         –       (2,210)
    Exercise of share options (Note 16)               *       3,963             –           –       (1,548)           –                –          2,415          –        2,415


    At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                      11    9,374,393            –       39,890     219,894      (7,039)        (7,607,305)    2,019,844    (44,690)   1,975,154


    At 1 January 2025 (audited)                      12 9,625,022         41,770       39,890     225,864      (7,274)        (7,606,221)    2,319,063     (50,419) 2,268,644


    Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
      income (expense) for the period                 –           –             –           –            –              –        78,117        78,117       (4,119)    73,998
    Recognition of equity-settled
      share-based payments (Note 16)                  –           –             –           –      34,790               –               –      34,790            –     34,790
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 15)             *       8,055        (8,055)          –           –               –               –           –            –          –
    Dividends recognised as
      distribution (Note 10)                          –     (50,786)            –           –            –           –                  –      (50,786)          –     (50,786)
    Repurchase of shares (Note 15)                    –           –             –           –            –    (51,766)                  –      (51,766)          –     (51,766)
    Exercise of share options and
      vesting of RSUs2 (Note 16)                       *    27,404              –           –      (30,614)      1,542                  –       (1,668)          –      (1,668)


    At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                      12 9,609,695         33,715       39,890     230,040     (57,498)        (7,528,104)    2,327,750     (54,538) 2,273,212

*     Amount is less than RMB1,000.

1.           Capital reserves mainly represented deemed contribution from a shareholder arising from the waive of the amount of approximately
             RMB30,925,000 due from YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”).

2.           RSU is defined as restricted share units.




36           YSB INC.             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                      Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                               (unaudited)        (unaudited)


Net cash generated from operating activities                       256,660                418,880


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                           (6,152)               (15,960)
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                  309                     254
Purchase of intangible assets                                            –                    (146)
Placement of time deposits                                        (363,450)              (579,854)
Withdrawal of time deposits                                        200,428                516,851
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                           (6,381,601)            (5,125,781)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL              6,361,977              5,238,785
Investment income received from financial assets at FVTPL            8,530                 11,294
Bank interest income received                                       23,776                 27,886
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                    (35,558)                 (1,553)
Placement of restricted bank deposits                             (846,945)            (1,208,597)
Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                             924,060              1,436,122


Net cash (used in) generated from investing activities             (114,626)              299,301


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayments of lease liabilities                                     (44,895)               (40,755)
New bank borrowings raised                                           98,491                 31,282
Repayment of bank borrowings                                        (21,708)               (59,513)
Interest paid                                                        (6,068)                 (5,272)
Dividends paid                                                      (50,786)                      –
Repurchase of shares                                                (51,766)                 (2,210)
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                 175                 15,992


Net cash used in financing activities                               (76,557)               (60,476)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                            65,477               657,705

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period         1,041,228                745,693

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                 (798)                   1,469


                                                                 1,105,907              1,404,867


Cash and cash equivalents at the end
  of the period, represented by
Bank balances and cash                                           1,105,907              1,404,867




                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.      37
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



1.    GENERAL

      The Company was incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
      27 August 2018 under the Company laws of the Cayman Islands. Its immediate holding company is MIYT
      Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”). The shares of the Company
      had been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
      28 June 2023 (the “Listing”).

      The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are set out in the
      corporate information section of the interim report of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

      The Company is an investment holding company. The Group mainly operates online platform that provide
      wholesale and retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and online marketplace services to the
      pharmaceutical and healthcare manufacturers. The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are
      in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

      The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the
      functional currency of the Company.

2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION

      The condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with
      International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International
      Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules
      Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.

3.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
      certain financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

      Other than change in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to IFRS Accounting
      Standards, the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial
      statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual
      consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.




38    YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2025



3.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards

     In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
     issued by the IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning
     on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IAS 21                                    Lack of Exchangeability

     The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no
     material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or
     on the disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.

4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The Group mainly engaged in i) wholesales of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
     through its online platform; ii) retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products through its retail shops;
     iii) operating online platform that enable the pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own
     pharmaceutical and healthcare products using the Group’s online platform; iv) providing SaaS solution to
     downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions to streamline their inventory management;
     and v) providing system technologies and operational support services to primary healthcare institutions
     through a smart healthcare system integrated advanced point-of-care testing and monitoring devices, digital
     management system and smart AI doctors-aid system.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025    YSB INC.   39
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

      (a)        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                   six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                   (unaudited)        (unaudited)


                    Type of goods or services:
                      Self-operation business (Note i)                                               9,389,356                  8,344,771
                      Online marketplace services (Note ii)                                            436,297                    440,535
                      Others (Note iii)                                                                 16,966                     28,649


                    Total                                                                            9,842,619                  8,813,955


                    Timing of revenue recognition:
                      At a point in time                                                             9,832,262                  8,806,461
                      Over-time                                                                         10,357                      7,494


                    Total                                                                            9,842,619                  8,813,955

                 Notes:

                 (i)        The Group sells pharmaceutical and healthcare products mainly to pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions.

                 (ii)       The marketplace services revenue mainly represents the commission received by the Group from distributors and
                            vendors using the Group’s online platform, which is recognised upon end customers’ acceptance and is charged
                            based on a certain percentage of sales, net of discounts and return allowances made by the distributors and
                            vendors through the Group’s online platform.

                 (iii)      Others mainly includes

                            (1)     The Group collects one-time usage fee and service fee for the inventory management related to the
                                    SaaS solution provided to the downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions, which helps
                                    pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions to streamline their inventory management.

                            (2)     The Group provides system technologies and operational support services to primary healthcare
                                    institutions through a smart healthcare system integrated advanced point-of-care testing and monitoring
                                    devices, digital management system and smart AI doctors-aid system.




40    YSB INC.           INTERIM REPORT 2025
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025



4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     (b)     Segment information

             For the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment, the executive directors of the
             Company, being the chief operating decision maker, review the overall results and financial position of
             the Group as a whole.

             Accordingly, only entity-wide disclosures and geographical information are presented.

     (c)     Geographic information

             The Group principally operates in the PRC, which is also the place of domicile. The Group’s revenue is
             all derived from operations in the PRC and the Group’s non-current assets are all located in the PRC.

5.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)        (unaudited)


      Government grants (Note)                                                                    1,960                      9,067
      Bank interest income                                                                       23,776                     27,886
      Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                                            8,530                     11,294
      Others                                                                                      2,421                        845


                                                                                                 36,687                     49,092

     Note:   It represented cash received from grants by the local government to encourage the business operations in the PRC with no
             future obligations. Government grants are recognised in profit and loss when received.


6.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)        (unaudited)


      Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                         (1,036)                    (2,058)
      Donations                                                                                      (96)                      (856)
      Gains from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                5,915                    11,079
      Net foreign exchange (losses) gains                                                           (798)                     1,469
      Loss from changes in fair value of contingent
        consideration payables                                                                    (4,369)                          –


                                                                                                     (384)                      9,634


                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025       YSB INC.      41
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



7.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Interest expense on lease liabilities                                       4,697                4,287
        Interest expense on discounted note receivables                             1,371                  985


                                                                                    6,068                5,272


8.    INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”):
          Current tax                                                                   –                    –
          Deferred tax                                                              5,085                  636


                                                                                    5,085                  636


      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under
      the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and is exempted from the Cayman Islands income tax.

      No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the condensed consolidated financial statements as
      the Group had no assessable profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax for both periods.

      Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the PRC EIT
      rate of subsidiaries of the Group operating in the PRC was 25% for both periods.




42    YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2025



9.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                (unaudited)        (unaudited)


       Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging:

       Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                               8,663,978             7,845,731
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 14,202                19,183
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           41,166                38,455
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                             22,121                 6,787
       Write down for obsolete inventories                                            2,413                 4,320
       Auditor’s remuneration                                                           930                   880

       Staff costs:
       Directors’ emoluments                                                          4,203                 5,894
       Other staff costs                                                            624,074               539,255


       Total staff costs                                                            628,277               545,149


10.   DIVIDENDS

      During the six months ended 30 June 2025, a final dividend of RMB0.075 (equivalent to HK$0.081) per share in
      respect of the year ended 31 December 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil) was declared and paid to
      owners of the Company. The aggregate amount of the final dividend declared and paid in the interim period
      amounted to RMB50,786,000 (equivalent to HK$54,608,000) (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil).

      The directors of the Company have determined that no dividend will be paid in respect of the interim period.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.   43
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



11.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Profit for the period attributable to the owners of
          the Company for the purpose of calculating basic and
          diluted earnings per share                                           78,117              21,820


                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                         No. of shares      No. of shares
                                                                          (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
          calculating basic earnings per share                           681,901,859          640,367,822
        Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
          Share options and RSUs                                            9,457,644           7,937,028


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
         calculating diluted earnings per share                          691,359,503          648,304,850


        Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of
          the Company (RMB per share)                                            0.11                0.03




44    YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2025



12.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                 As at                    As at
                                                                                              30 June             31 December
                                                                                                 2025                     2024
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)                (audited)


       Trade receivables                                                                        83,407                    34,952
       Less: allowance for credit losses                                                          (921)                     (794)


                                                                                                82,486                    34,158
       Note receivables                                                                         24,104                    52,111


       Total trade and note receivables                                                        106,590                    86,269


       Advance to suppliers                                                                    242,264                  287,698
       Deposits                                                                                 40,646                   42,704
       Receivables in custodian (Note)                                                          40,138                   74,760
       Interest receivables                                                                     24,017                   15,716
       Prepaid expense                                                                          17,750                   16,912
       Other tax recoverable                                                                     4,293                    1,911
       Other receivables                                                                        75,820                   56,687


       Total trade and other receivables                                                       551,518                  582,657

      Note:   The amounts represented the payments received from online customers of Self-operation business which would deposit in
              escrow account and subsequently withdrawal by the Group upon the customers’ acceptance of product delivery.




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025      YSB INC.    45
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



12.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      Trade receivables

      The Group requires full payment in advance for its online product sales, certain offline product sales and retail
      sales. For other customers, the Group primarily allows a credit period from 15 to 30 days. Trade receivables
      are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. Aging analysis of trade receivables, net of
      allowance for credit losses, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                 (unaudited)                (audited)


        Within 3 months                                                                               74,563                    26,856
        3–6 months                                                                                     2,755                     1,895
        6–12 months                                                                                    1,798                     3,125
        Over 12 months                                                                                 4,291                     3,076


                                                                                                      83,407                    34,952
        Less: allowance for credit losses                                                               (921)                     (794)


                                                                                                      82,486                    34,158


13.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

                                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                 (unaudited)                (audited)


        Unlisted equity investment                                                                    10,294                    10,198
        Wealth management products (Note)                                                            419,004                   390,216
        Notes and investment funds (Note)                                                            292,190                   295,535


                                                                                                     721,488                   695,949

      Note:      The return of wealth management products and notes and investment funds were determined by reference to the return of
                 their underlying investments. The wealth management products and the notes can be redeemed any time at the Group’s
                 discretion and the investment funds can be redeemed any time at the Group’s discretion or upon a fixed period of one year
                 at the Group’s request by giving a 60 business days notice.


      Since the contractual cash flows of these financial assets do not represent solely the payments of principal and
      interest on the principal amount outstanding, the financial assets are measured at FVTPL. Details of the fair
      value measurement over the financial assets are disclosed in Note 18.


46    YSB INC.        INTERIM REPORT 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025



14.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                    30 June            31 December
                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)               (audited)


       Trade payables                                                              1,662,847               1,456,784
       Note payables                                                               1,754,477               1,702,051
       Salary and welfare payables                                                   138,755                 155,931
       Other tax payables                                                             14,796                  27,571
       Consideration payable on acquisition of subsidiaries                            7,163                  42,721
       Other payables                                                                384,715                 354,615


                                                                                   3,962,753               3,739,673


      Trade payables

      The credit period of trade payables is ranging from 30 to 90 days. An aging analysis of the trade payables
      based on the invoice date at the end of the Reporting Period is as follows:

                                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                    30 June            31 December
                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)               (audited)


       0–30 days                                                                   1,166,875               1,050,288
       31–90 days                                                                    406,267                 334,464
       Over 90 days                                                                   89,705                  72,032


                                                                                   1,662,847               1,456,784


      Note payables

      All note payables issued by the Group are with a maturity period of less than six months.




                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025    YSB INC.   47
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



15.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                           Number of
                                                                              shares            Share capital           Presented as
                                                                                                         US$                RMB’000


          Authorised:
          At 30 June 2024 (unaudited),
            31 December 2024 (audited) and
            30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                    20,000,000,000                   50,000


          Issued and fully paid:
          At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                      640,485,502                    1,602                      11
          Exercise of share options (Note 16)                                  474,973                        1                       *


          At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                      640,960,475                    1,603                      11


          Issued in consideration for the acquisition of
             the issued share capital of subsidiaries (Note)                 31,678,555                       79                      1
          Exercise of share options and vesting of
             RSUs (Note 16)                                                   3,126,971                        8                       *


          At 31 December 2024 (audited)                                    675,766,001                    1,690                      12


          Issued in consideration for the acquisition of
             the issued share capital of subsidiaries (Note)                  1,386,617                        3                       *
          Exercise of share options and vesting of
             RSUs (Note 16)                                                   4,846,977                       12                       *


          At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                    681,999,595                     1,705                       12

      *          Amount is less than RMB1,000.

      Note:      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company allotted and issued 31,678,555 new shares for the business
                 acquisition of Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd (“Folding Space”) and its subsidiaries (“Yikuai Pharmaceutical”). As at 31
                 December 2024, 7,190,363 consideration shares amounted to approximately RMB41,770,000 was recognised at deferred
                 consideration shares as equity instrument as the number of consideration shares to be issued are fixed.

                 During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company allotted and issued another 1,386,617 new shares for the
                 abovesaid business acquisition and the remaining 5,803,746 shares amounted to approximately RMB33,715,000 was
                 recognised at deferred consideration shares as equity instrument.

                 During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company purchased 7,945,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: 300,000) of
                 its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange with an aggregate consideration of approximately HK$58,921,000 (six
                 months ended 30 June 2024: HK$2,429,000) paid.

                 As at 30 June 2025, the Company had outstanding treasury shares of 8,594,823 (31 December 2024: 608,956) shares. Except
                 for the purchase above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
                 securities during the period. Subsequent to end of the reporting period, 5,635,000 repurchased shares were cancelled on 4
                 July 2025.




48    YSB INC.        INTERIM REPORT 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2025



16.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group

      2017 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 2 February 2017, Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudao”)
      adopted the “2017 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the Group was authorised to grant share options,
      share appreciation rights and restricted share to employees and non-employees of Guangzhou Sudao.
      Share options were granted with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Guangzhou
      Sudao’s ordinary shares at the date of grant, and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods
      determined at the discretion of the board of directors of Guangzhou Sudao, and are subject to a continued
      service relationship. Effective on 1 January 2019, the Group terminated the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, meaning
      that, while no additional awards of share options, share appreciation rights, or restricted share were permitted
      thereunder, all outstanding awards continued to be governed by their existing terms.

      2019 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 27 February 2019, the Company adopted the “2019 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the
      Company is authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to employees
      and non-employees who provide services to the Company and its affiliates. Share options are to be granted
      with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the date of grant,
      and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of
      directors of the Company, and are subject generally to a continued service relationship.

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan

      As part of the share exchange arrangement, Guangzhou Sudao would i) substitute 1 share of ordinary share
      of Guangzhou Sudao under the 2017 Share Incentive Plan and ii) assume on the same terms and conditions as
      the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, share appreciation rights, and restricted share under the 2019 Share Incentive
      Plan as defined and detailed below. The directors of the Company considered that the modification of
      terms of 2017 Share Incentive Plan have no material change in fair value of the share options at the date of
      modification.

      Two share options can be converted into one ordinary share of the Company upon exercise. Following
      the Share Subdivision, each share option can be converted into two ordinary shares of the Company upon
      exercise.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025    YSB INC.   49
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



16.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2017 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                   At    Exercised          At           At    Exercised         At
                                    Grant     Vesting   Expiry   Exercise   1 January       during     30 June    1 January       during    30 June
        Options                      year     period      year      price        2024   the period        2024        2025    the period       2025
                                                                     US$


        Directors and employees
        Tranche 2017-7              2017      4 years    2027        0.30   1,104,755      (63,687)   1,041,068    985,883      (43,927)    941,956
        Tranche 2017-7              2017      4 years    2027        0.30      84,424       (9,600)      74,824     70,824      (21,729)     49,095
        Tranche 2018-1              2018      4 years    2028        0.30     169,286            –      169,286    169,286            –     169,286
        Tranche 2018-2              2018      4 years    2028        0.30     555,982            –      555,982    555,982            –     555,982
        Tranche 2018-12             2018      4 years    2028        1.05     653,759            –      653,759    653,759            –     653,759


                                                                            2,568,206      (73,287)   2,494,919   2,435,734     (65,656)   2,370,078


        Exercisable at the end of
          the period                                                        2,568,206                 2,494,919   2,435,734                2,370,078


        Weighted average
         exercise price (US$)                                                    0.49         0.30         0.50        0.50        0.30         0.51


      Except for the exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited or expired during
      the period. As at 30 June 2025, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share options was RMB3.63
      (unaudited) (31 December 2024: RMB3.60 (audited)).




50    YSB INC.          INTERIM REPORT 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025



16.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2019 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                   At    Forfeited     Exercised            At            At    Forfeited    Exercised          At
                                 Grant   Vesting       Expiry   Exercise    1 January       during        during       30 June     1 January       during       during     30 June
       Options                    year   period          year      price         2024   the period    the period          2024         2025    the period   the period        2025
                                                                    US$

       Directors and employees
       Tranche 2019-3            2019    4 years        2029        1.05       51,700            –               –       51,700       51,700           –            –        51,700
       Tranche 2019-4            2019    4 years        2029        1.05            –            –               –            –            –           –            –             –
       Tranche 2019-10           2019    4 years        2029        0.94    1,704,000            –         (7,000)    1,697,000    1,696,600           –       (4,900)    1,691,700
       Tranche 2019-11           2019    4 years        2029        2.00        5,100            –         (5,100)            –            –           –            –             –
       Tranche 2020-1            2020    4 years        2030        1.05       37,500            –               –       37,500       37,500           –            –        37,500
       Tranche 2020-4            2020    4 years        2030        1.05      191,800            –         (2,000)      189,800      180,500           –       (3,500)      177,000
       Tranche 2021-1            2021    4 years        2031        1.60           16            –               –           16           16           –            –            16
       Tranche 2021-2            2021    4 years        2031        2.00      707,000      (12,125)        (1,900)      692,975      674,225           –            –       674,225
       Tranche 2021-7            2021    4 years        2031        2.00            –            –               –            –            –           –            –             –
       Tranche 2021-11           2021    4 years        2031        2.00    4,025,403     (101,500)       (18,800)    3,905,103    3,820,428     (35,250)           –     3,785,178
       Tranche 2021-12           2021    4 years        2031        2.00      399,500            –      (125,000)       274,500       99,500           –            –        99,500
       Tranche 2022-2            2022    4 years        2032        2.00      761,550     (104,250)         (2,900)     654,400      600,400     (17,000)           –       583,400
       Tranche 2022-5-1          2022    4 years        2032        2.00       18,000            –               –       18,000       18,000           –            –        18,000
       Tranche 2022-5-2          2022    4 years        2032        0.80    2,320,000            –               –    2,320,000    1,820,000           –            –     1,820,000
       Tranche 2022-5-3          2022    Immediate      2032        0.80    1,330,000            –               –    1,330,000      830,000           –            –       830,000
                                           After IPO
                                           (Note ii)
       Tranche 2022-7-1          2022    4 years        2032        2.00      555,000      (15,000)            –        540,000      530,000     (17,500)           –       512,500
       Tranche 2023-1-1          2023    4 years        2033        2.00      200,000            –             –        200,000      200,000           –            –       200,000
       Tranche 2023-1-1          2023    Immediate      2033        0.00       50,000            –             –         50,000       50,000           –            –        50,000
       Tranche 2023-1-5          2023    4 years        2033        2.00       32,759            –             –         32,759       32,759           –            –        32,759
       Tranche 2023-3-2          2023    4 years        2033        2.00       20,000            –             –         20,000       20,000           –            –        20,000
       Tranche 2023-6-10         2023    4 years        2033        2.00    2,438,000     (172,250)       (1,500)     2,264,250    2,174,000     (63,500)      (4,900)    2,105,600


                                                                           14,847,328     (405,125)     (164,200) 14,278,003      12,835,628    (133,250)     (13,300) 12,689,078


       Exercisable at the
         end of the period                                                  6,110,828                                 7,757,878    7,947,378                              9,652,703


       Weighted average
        exercise price (US$)                                                     1.56         2.00           1.94          1.54         1.58        2.00         1.36          1.58




                                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025              YSB INC.         51
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



16.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      Notes:

      (i):       For the options with vesting period of 4 years, one quarter of options become vested at the end of each year during the
                 vesting period.

      (ii):      In May 2022, the Company granted 1,330,000 share options to Mr. Fei Chen, an executive director of the Company. These
                 options are vested on the date when the Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


      Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited
      or expired during the period. As at 30 June 2025, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
      options was RMB10.14 (unaudited) (31 December 2024: RMB10.20 (audited)).

      During the interim period, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately RMB6,427,000 (unaudited)
      (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB17,613,000 (unaudited)) in relation to share options granted by the
      Group.

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group

      2023 Share Incentive Plan

      The 2023 Share Incentive Plan was first adopted by the Board on 12 June 2023 and took effect immediately
      upon the Listing. Since the Listing, the 2023 Share Incentive Plan is subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
      Under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, a maximum number of 63,235,005 ordinary shares of the Company can
      be issued to employee participants, related party participant and service provider participant. The RSUs have
      exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of directors of
      the Company, and are subject to performance targets and other condition on case by case basis.




52    YSB INC.        INTERIM REPORT 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2025



16.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group (Continued)

      2023 Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of RSUs under 2023 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                 At      Granted     Forfeited         At          At    Granted   Forfeited   Exercised         At
                                Grant   Vesting   Expiry   1 January      during       during      30 June   1 January    during     during      during      30 June
       RSUs                      year   period     year        2024    the period   the period       2024        2025 the period the period the period         2025

                                         (Note)


       Employees
       Tranche 2023-9-4         2023    2 years    2033     610,900            –       (44,800)    566,100    253,300          –    (17,225)           –     236,075
       Tranche 2023-9-4         2023    4 years    2033    3,108,100           –      (163,500)   2,944,600 2,016,450          –   (111,375)           – 1,905,075
       Tranche 2024-2-6         2024    1 years    2034           –     1,462,500      (50,000)   1,412,500 1,302,400          –    (31,240) (1,271,160)           –
       Tranche 2024-2-6         2024    2 years    2034           –     3,795,000      (65,000)   3,730,000 3,510,000          –   (185,500) (1,692,000) 1,632,500
       Tranche 2024-2-6         2024    3 years    2034           –     5,655,000      (60,000)   5,595,000 5,495,000          –   (189,583) (1,642,082) 3,663,335
       Tranche 2024-2-6         2024    4 years    2034           –       40,000             –      40,000     40,000          –          –     (10,000)      30,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6        2024     1 year    2034           –            –             –          –       7,000          –          –            –       7,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6        2024    2 years    2034           –            –             –          –     754,000          –    (25,000)           –     729,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6        2024    3 years    2034           –            –             –           – 1,212,000           –          –            – 1,212,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6        2024    4 years    2034           –            –             –           –     40,000          –           –           –      40,000
       Tranche 2025-4-3         2025    2 years    2035           –            –             –           –           –    20,000           –           –      20,000
       Tranche 2025-4-3         2025    3 years    2035           –            –             –           –           –   960,000           –           –     960,000


                                                           3,719,000   10,952,500     (383,300) 14,288,200 14,630,150    980,000   (559,923) (4,615,242) 10,434,985


       Exercisable at the end
         of the period                                            –                                     –            –                                             –

      Note:     The RSUs generally vest ratably over an one – to four-year vesting period.


      Except for the forfeited or exercised RSUs disclosed above, no other RSUs were vested, forfeited or expired
      during the period.

      These fair values of RSUs were determined by the share price of the Company at grant date.

      During the interim period, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately RMB28,363,000
      (unaudited) (six months ended 30 June 2024: 60,444,000 (unaudited)) in relation to RSUs granted by the Group.




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025            YSB INC.        53
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



17.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                                   As at                   As at
                                                                                                30 June            31 December
                                                                                                   2025                    2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)               (audited)


          Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
            plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in the
            condensed consolidated financial statements                                            1,689                    2,679


18.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The board of directors of the Company has set up a treasury management team, which is headed up by the
      Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair
      value measurements.

      In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For
      instruments with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engages third party qualified
      valuers to perform the valuation. The treasury management team works closely with the qualified external
      valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. The Chief Financial Officer
      reports the treasury management team’s findings to the board of directors of the Company semi-annually to
      explain the cause of fluctuations in the fair value.

      The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation
      technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
      measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value
      measurements is observable.

      •          Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
                 assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date;

      •          Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included
                 within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e.
                 derived from prices); and

      •          Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include the lowest
                 level inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable
                 inputs).




54    YSB INC.        INTERIM REPORT 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2025



18.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
      fair value on a recurring basis

      Certain of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of the
      reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
      are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value
      hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which
      the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                    As at            As at
                                                 30 June     31 December      Fair value       Valuation technique
                                                    2025             2024     hierarchy        and key input
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000
                                              (unaudited)        (audited)


       Financial assets
       Financial assets at FVTPL
          – Wealth management products,          711,194          685,751     Level 2          Quoted value from banks and
            notes and investment funds                                                           financial institutions based on
                                                                                                 expected return with reference
                                                                                                 to underlying investments

         – Unlisted equity investments            10,294           10,198     Level 3          Back-solve method (Note i)

       Financial liabilities
       Contingent consideration for
          a business combination
          – Cash consideration payables           (55,177)         (53,608)   Level 3          Discounted cash flow method was
                                                                                                 used to capture the present
                                                                                                 value of the expected future
                                                                                                 economic benefits that will flow
                                                                                                 out of the Group arising from
                                                                                                 the contingent consideration,
                                                                                                 based on an appropriate
                                                                                                 discount rate (Note ii) (Note iii)

       Contingent consideration for
         a business combination
         – Consideration shares                   (57,883)         (55,083)   Level 3          Quoted market price per each
                                                                                                 ordinary share of the Company
                                                                                                 is used to capture the value
                                                                                                 of the expected shares to be
                                                                                                 allotted and issued from the
                                                                                                 contingent consideration
                                                                                                 (Note iii)



                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025       YSB INC.     55
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



18.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
      fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

      Notes:

      (i)        Key inputs included possibilities under different scenarios, such as qualified IPO, redemption, liquidation and other inputs,
                 such as time to liquidation or redemption, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility value and dividend yield.

      (ii)       Key unobservable inputs included discount rate and probability-adjusted revenue and profits of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. No
                 sensitivity analysis in relation to the discount rate has been presented as changes in fair values due to changes the discount
                 rate are insignificant.

      (iii)      Key inputs included quoted market price of the share of the Company and probability-adjusted revenue and profits of
                 Yikuai Pharmaceutical. As at 30 June 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease in the
                 expected probability-adjusted revenue and gross profits for year 2025, 2026 and 2027 by 5% would decrease the carrying
                 amount of the contingent consideration payables, including cash and shares consideration, by RMB95,607,000 (unaudited) (31
                 December 2024: RMB91,870,000 (audited)).


      There were no transfer between Level 1 and 2 during both periods.

      Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                       Financial                 Financial
                                                                                                          assets                 liabilities
                                                                                                       at FVTPL                  at FVTPL
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2024 (audited)                                                                         –                          –
           – purchased                                                                                      9,737                          –
           – changes in fair value                                                                              –                          –


         As at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                     9,737                          –


         As at 1 January 2025 (audited)                                                                   10,198                  108,691
           – changes in fair value                                                                            96                    4,369


         As at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                                                   10,294                  113,060


      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured
      at fair value on a recurring basis

      The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is determined in accordance with generally accepted
      pricing model based on discounted cash flow analysis.

      The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
      recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair
      values.



56    YSB INC.         INTERIM REPORT 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2025



19.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      Compensation of key management personnel

      The remuneration of directors who are also the key management personnel during the six months ended 30
      June 2025 and 2024 are set out in Note 9.

20.   EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

      There have been no material subsequent events identified subsequent to 30 June 2025.




                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.   57
Definitions


“Award Shares”                            the Shares underlying an award granted under the 2023 Share Incentive
                                          Plan, which includes new Shares or existing Shares

“Board”                                   the board of Directors

“CG Code”                                 the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                          Rules (as amended from time to time)

“China” or the “PRC”                      the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this annual report
                                          only, except where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong,
                                          the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

“Companies Ordinance”                     the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                          amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Company”, “our Company” or               YSB Inc. (藥師幫股份有限公司) (formerly known as YSB Capital Limited),
  “the Company”                           a limited liability company incorporated under the Laws of the Cayman
                                          Islands on 27 August 2018, the shares of which are listed on the Main
                                          Board of the Stock Exchange under the stock code “9885”

“Consolidated Affiliated Entity(ies)”     Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Yaobang and their subsidiaries and
                                          affiliated entities, the financial accounts of which have been consolidated
                                          and accounted for as if they were subsidiaries of our Company by virtue of
                                          contractual arrangements

“Director(s)”                             the director(s) of the Company

“Global Offering”                         the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering

“Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”              the Company and its subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                                          time to time, and where the context requires, in respect of the period
                                          prior to our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                          subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our Company
                                          at the relevant time

“Guangzhou Sudao”                         Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有
                                          限公司)

“Guangzhou Yaobang”                       Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技
                                          有限公司)

“HK$”                                     Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”                       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Public Offering”               has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus




58      YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                      Definitions


“IFRS”                     International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                           the International Accounting Standards Board

“International Offering”   has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus

“Listing”                  the listing of our shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”             28 June 2023, the date on which our shares were listed and on which
                           dealings in our shares were first permitted to take place on the Stock
                           Exchange

“Listing Rules”            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                           Hong Kong Limited

“Main Board”               the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                           Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with Growth
                           Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”               the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                           set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Zhang”                Mr. Zhang Buzhen (張步鎮), the founder, executive Director, Chairman of
                           the Board and Chief Executive Officer of our Group

“Nomination Committee”     the nomination committee of the Company

“Prospectus”               the Company’s prospectus dated 15 June 2023, a copy of which is
                           available on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at
                           www.hkexnews.hk

“Remuneration Committee”   the remuneration committee of the Company

“Reporting Period”         the financial period for the six months ended 30 June 2025

“RMB” or “Renminbi”        Renminbi, the lawful currency of China

“SFO”                      the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                           Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                           time

“Share(s)”                 ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par value of
                           US$0.0000025 each

“Shareholder(s)”           holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Stock Exchange”           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025   YSB INC.   59
Definitions


“subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”          has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                        Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and includes our
                                        consolidated affiliated entities and any other entity the financials of which
                                        are consolidated into the accounts of the Company

“substantial shareholder”               has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules

“U.S. dollars” or “US$”                 United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“United States” or “US”                 the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                        subject to its jurisdiction

“2019 Share Incentive Plan”             the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                        effective since 1 January 2019 (as amended from time to time), the
                                        principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory and general information –
                                        Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the Prospectus

“2023 Share Incentive Plan”             the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                        effective upon Listing, which constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17
                                        of the Listing Rules, the principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory
                                        and general information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the
                                        Prospectus

“%”                                     per cent




60    YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2025
