藥師幫股份有限公司
YSB Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code: 9885

                                                              ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS

2    CORPORATE INFORMATION

4    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

5    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

9    BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND REVIEW

18   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

26   REPORT OF DIRECTORS

36   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

40   OTHER INFORMATION

50   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

67   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

72   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
     LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

73   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION

75   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
     IN EQUITY

76   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

78   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS

168 FINANCIAL SUMMARY

170 DEFINITIONS
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                               AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

    Executive Directors                              Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                                     Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)
    Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮)
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)          AUDITOR
    Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Non-Executive Director                           Certified Public Accountants
                                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽)
                                                     REGISTERED OFFICE
    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                     Vistra (Cayman) Limited
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                               P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                         Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                         Grand Cayman KY1-1205
                                                     Cayman Islands
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                     HEADQUARTERS
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                               Yaoshibang Building
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                         No. 8 Brand Street
                                                     TIT Creative Industry Zone
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                           No. 397 Xingang Middle Road
                                                     Guangzhou, China
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉) (Chairman)
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                               PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                         HONG KONG

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                             Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
                                                     33 Hysan Avenue
    Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮) (Chairman)                Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉) (appointed on 27 June 2025)
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                         LEGAL ADVISORS
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)
                                                     As to Hong Kong law
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND CORPORATE              King & Wood
    GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
                                                     As to PRC law
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)              Anjie Broad Law Firm
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                         As to Cayman Islands law
                                                     Harney Westwood & Riegels
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

    Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
    Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)




2   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         Corporate Information


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

Maxa Capital Limited
Unit 2602, 26/F, Golden Centre
188 Des Voeux Road Central
Sheung Wan, Hong Kong

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Vistra (Cayman) Limited
P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
Grand Cayman KY1-1205
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL BANKS

China Merchants Bank, Guangzhou Branch
Ping An Bank, Guangzhou Branch
Bank Of China, Guangzhou Panyu Branch

STOCK CODE

9885

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.ysbang.cn




                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   3
    Financial Highlights


                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2025                 2024          Change (%)
                                                                                       (in RMB thousands, except specified
                                                                                            otherwise or percentages)


      Revenue                                                                  20,969,650                   17,903,608                         17.1
      – Self-operation Business                                                20,065,552                   16,972,895                         18.2
      – Online Marketplace                                                        866,025                      881,075                         (1.7)
      – Other Businesses                                                           38,073                       49,638                        (23.3)

      Gross profit                                                               2,306,982                   1,813,451                        27.2
      Profit attributable to the owners of the Company                             152,965                      30,013                       409.7
      Non-IFRS: Adjusted Net Profit(1)                                             237,058                     156,734                        51.2

      Earnings per share
      – Basic (RMB)                                                                    0.224                      0.047                      376.6
      – Diluted (RMB)                                                                  0.220                      0.046                      378.3
      Dividend per share for the year (RMB)                                            0.110                      0.075                       46.7

    (1)     The adjusted net profit (the “Adjusted Net Profit”) represents profit for the year adding back (i) equity-settled share-based payment
            expenses; and (ii) acquisition-related expenses in relation to the acquisition of Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd and its subsidiaries (“Yikuai
            Pharmaceutical”).




4   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                      Chairman’s Statement


First of all, on behalf of the Board of YSB Inc. (the “Company”, or “YSB” for short, together with its subsidiaries and
consolidated affiliated entities, collectively referred to as the “Group”), I would like to present the operating results
of the Company for 2025, and express my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders, business partners and all sectors of
the community for their consistent trust and support over these years.

In 2025, pharmaceutical and healthcare industry in China continued its transformation further under standardisation,
steadily moved forward amidst pressure and breakthroughs. At the policy level, a series of measures guided by the
“Healthy China” strategy have consistently driven the development of the industry towards innovation, efficiency and
accessibility, further optimising the market ecosystem. From a market perspective, despite the short-term fluctuations
brought by a complex and uncertain macroeconomic environment, long-term trends such as the accelerating
aging of the population and the upgrading of health consumption concepts have injected strong momentum to
the development of the industry. New quality productive forces such as artificial intelligence (AI) large models and
smart healthcare experienced explosive growth, and the trends of industrial digitalisation and service refinement
have become increasingly prominent, opening up new growth opportunities for players with technological and
business model innovation capabilities. Meanwhile, industry competition has seen a new trend of “focus on value
creation”, with digitalisation capabilities, supply chain efficiency and professional service levels becoming the core
competitiveness of enterprises.

In this context, the Company focused on its core objectives of enhancing quality and efficiency and achieving win-
win ecosystem development, and continued to upgrade its omni-channel service capabilities. We not only constantly
provided stable services to hundreds of thousands of downstream terminals, but also empowered upstream and
downstream partners in the industry chain to improve operational efficiency and tap into growth potential through
ongoing iteration of digital solutions, jointly injecting new vitality into the prosperity of the outside-of-hospital
pharmaceutical and healthcare market.

CONSOLIDATING THE DUAL ENGINES OF ONLINE MARKETPLACE AND SELF-OPERATION
BUSINESS, CULTIVATING DIVERSIFIED GROWTH MOMENTUM

We drove the value upgrades of the platform through “diversified ecosystem + quality supply chain infrastructure”.
By leveraging demand insights to expand product matrix and through a comprehensive quality control system, we
have built a triple barrier of “coverage, penetration and trust” in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical market. We
collaborated with over 11,000 upstream sellers on the platform to create a high-quality supply ecosystem together,
not only promoting the systematic upgrades of the platform in the aspects of category breadth, quality standards and
service depth, but also continuously elevating the value of the platform from facilitating transactions to serving as an
industry collaborative network through precise data-driven supply-and-demand matching, forward-looking category
planning and innovative service model co-construction. Such collaborative ecosystem has made the platform a
strategic partner for merchants to expand incremental markets and the preferred platform for downstream buyers to
achieve efficient and reliable procurement and operational upgrades. We continued the iteration of refined operation
and management models and optimised upstream sellers service systems, providing collaborative support such as
intelligent product selection planning and dynamic pricing strategies for upstream sellers, significantly reducing
the overall operating costs of upstream sellers and achieving a dual improvement in sales reach and operational
efficiency. Furthermore, by deeply integrating data intelligence and the supply chain network, the platform
empowered downstream buyers with dynamic inventory optimisation and digital operations, enhancing their long-
term competitiveness and operational sustainability on a systematic basis.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   5
    Chairman’s Statement


    In terms of the Self-operation Business, based on the supply chain upgrades, supported by digital and intelligent
    operations, and with quality service as the core, we continuously strengthened the foundation of business
    development to achieve synergistic development of scale and high quality. We continued to establish full-chain
    strategic partnerships with leading pharmaceutical companies such as Kenvue (China) (科赴中國) and Yiling
    Pharmaceutical (以嶺藥業), and built a high-quality, resilient and compliant industrial-grade supply chain system
    through in-depth collaboration and value co-creation, further consolidating our core hub position in the supply
    chain of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare market. With the intelligent operational hub after
    comprehensive iteration, our overall fulfillment efficiency and service quality have been on the rise. During the
    Reporting Period, the on-time delivery rate climbed steadily to 96.70%, which was attributable to our accumulated
    efforts in the warehouse network optimisation, logistics route planning and full-chain digital management. Relying on
    a full-chain digital and intelligent operational foundation, we have connected core nodes such as inventory, sales and
    compliance, and built a closed-loop system with data-driven decision-making, solidifying the core competitiveness of
    Self-operation Business through cycles with accurate market predictions and extreme operational efficiency.

    Our Targeted Product Launch Business serves not only as the core engine for the high-quality development of our
    Self-operation Business, but also as a strategic pivot for reshaping the value distribution logic of the industry chain.
    It achieved a leapfrog growth throughout the year, driving the transformation of Self-operation Business towards
    high gross margins and high added value. During the Reporting Period, the total number of SKUs related to our own
    brands exceeded 1,200, with the transaction amounts achieving an explosive year-on-year growth of over 280%. By
    exploring the potential of exclusive strategic partnerships in-depth and iterating products of our own brands, the
    Company has built a solid foundation for sustainable profitability, and our Self-operation Business has embarked on a
    new chapter of value leap.




6   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                      Chairman’s Statement


DRIVING INNOVATION WITH DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY, BUILDING A VIRTUOUS CYCLE OF
BUSINESS AND SOCIAL VALUE

In 2025, we deeply integrated AI technology into all scenarios of our business services, achieving a value symbiosis
between technology and business. In the platform ecosystem, we have built a dynamic supply-demand balance
mechanism by iterating sales forecasting models and intelligent product sourcing algorithms, which has strengthened
the supply chain resilience of best-selling products. Precise replenishment and product recommendations based
on user profiles have significantly optimised the procurement efficiency and experience of downstream buyers. On
the Self-operation Business side, we have optimised operational processes with AI by launching intelligent services
such as AI Operations Expert, AI Procurement, AI Smart Customer Service and AI Staff Training, thus achieving a full-
chain digitalised closed loop across inventory turnover, procurement decisions and cost control, exploring structural
cost reduction and efficiency improvement opportunities in the extremely refined management. On the SaaS service
side, we have deeply embedded AI capabilities into the Cloud Consultation SaaS (光譜雲診SaaS) system, enabling
functions such as AI-assisted prescription review and AI-assisted diagnosis, promoting the widespread accessibility
of high-quality medical resources and constructing new infrastructure for the smart primary healthcare through
technology. AI has become a core productive force driving the efficient operation, precise services and sustainable
growth of the Company. Furthermore, during the Reporting Period, we formed a strategic partnership with the
robotic company Shenzhen Dobot Corp Ltd to jointly explore the application of pharmaceutical cobots in intelligent
warehousing and distribution, laying a foundation for the intelligent upgrade of supply chain.

As always, we regard ESG as the cornerstone of corporate sustainable development, deeply anchoring on core
issues such as industry standards, green and low-carbon practices and primary healthcare accessibility, reshaping
the industry ecosystem through responsible business practices. In terms of external ecosystem building, we made
contribution to the construction of a comprehensive digital regulatory ecosystem, empowering the industry’s
compliance process with digital benchmarks. Meanwhile, we devoted resources to developing primary healthcare
capabilities and cultivating pharmaceutical talents, working with all parties to jointly build a defence line for primary
healthcare. In terms of internal operations management, with green operations as our engine, we have established
a full-chain low-carbon closed loop by reshaping the pharmaceutical supply chain, promoting green and lightweight
packaging and optimising logistics routes, actively responding to the national “dual-carbon” strategy. Owing to our
solid ESG practices and outstanding social responsibility contributions, we received several authoritative recognitions
in 2025, including “Outstanding Enterprise in ESG Sustainable Development (ESG可持續發展卓越企業)” and the “2025
Product Responsibility Award (2025年產品責任獎)”.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   7
    Chairman’s Statement


    In 2025, YSB consolidated its foundation and extended new growth boundaries amidst a complex environment.
    We continued to strengthen the dual-drive foundation of Online Marketplace and Self-operation Businesses and
    deepened supply chain collaboration. Even more, through forward-looking deployments in scenarios such as on-
    demand pharmaceutical retail, we began to broaden growth boundaries and penetrated further to reach wider and
    more diverse grassroots pharmaceutical terminals, achieving a strategic upgrade from an industry enabler to a new
    ecosystem builder. Looking ahead to 2026, YSB will remain committed to its core position in outside-of-hospital
    pharmaceutical and healthcare area, striving to build a more intelligent pharmaceutical supply chain management, a
    more precise health service assistant and a more open industry interconnection platform. Leveraging our advancing
    digital technology and ecosystem connectivity capabilities, we aim to provide every industry partner with more
    powerful digital tools and enable every downstream user to enjoy more accessible and higher-quality healthcare
    services.




    Buzhen Zhang
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

    23 March 2026




8   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                        Business Outlook and Review


As 2025 marked a crucial juncture in the in-depth implementation of the “Healthy China 2030 (健康中國2030)”
strategy, the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare industry in China also witnessed structural
opportunities of demand upgrade and growing grassroots needs. Against this backdrop, YSB firmly adhered to the
driving strategy of “diversified ecosystem + digital infrastructure”, systematically improving its product category
supply matrix and service fulfillment system, and deeply empowering upstream and downstream users to upgrade
their digital operational capabilities. Despite market uncertainties, we have driven resilient growth in our core
business through extreme efficiency and precise reach of the supply chain, further consolidating the platform
competitiveness and ecosystem value of the Company in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical sector.

During the Reporting Period, the Company demonstrated remarkable resilience in a volatile market and achieved
steady business growth, which was attributable to our continuous understanding of user needs, the development of
full-scenario service capabilities, and the deep empowerment of digital tools. During the Reporting Period, we had
an average number of monthly active buyers (“MAB”) of 461,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.5%. The
average number of monthly paying buyers (“MPB”) reached 435,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.4%.
As user loyalty has significantly increased, our paying ratio, i.e. the proportion of average number of MPB to average
number of MAB, remained high at 94%, and the average number of orders per paying buyer per month was around
29.6.

ONLINE MARKETPLACE

As a leading digital service platform for the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry in China, we continued to
strengthen the construction of our digital capabilities, optimise user experience, and solidify the platform’s service
offerings, achieving synergistic improvement in customer loyalty and market competitiveness.

During the Reporting Period, we comprehensively improved the diversity of products on our platform to cover a wider
range of customer needs and scenarios. Through big data analysis and users’ needs insight, our platform meticulously
curated product selections, optimised and expanded categories to ensure that listed products are aligned with
market demands. During the Reporting Period, the average monthly SKUs on the platform continued to increase to
approximately 4,200,000. In response to the consumption upgrading trend of Traditional Chinese Medicine (“TCM”)
decoction pieces, our platform has built a comprehensive digital ecosystem spanning the entire process from
field breeding to downstream buyers delivery by optimising and promoting Jinfang standards, strengthening user
education and coverage, and utilising digital technology innovation. Meanwhile, the Online Marketplace rigorously
adheres to stringent quality control standards for TCM decoction pieces, advancing the industry transformation from
“experience-based” to “data-driven”. YSB expanded its footprint in the production regions for medicinal materials
to ensure quality control of raw materials from source. Simultaneously, leveraging 365 established Jinfang varieties
and 898 standards, we encouraged those TCM decoction pieces upstream sellers on YSB’s platform to extend their
industrial chains to TCM production regions, optimising the industrial chain traceability system and enhancing the
quality control during the entire process of TCM production. During the Reporting Period, we sold approximately
40,000 tons of TCM decoction pieces to downstream buyers, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
32.8%.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   9
     Business Outlook and Review


     During the Reporting Period, our platform accumulated a group of upstream sellers with both high-quality supply
     capabilities and strong compliance awareness. Leveraging the big data-driven and category-focused strategy, we
     accurately identified the long-term core needs of downstream buyers, empowering upstream sellers to achieve
     precise supply and efficient turnover through supply chain collaboration and in-depth inventory management
     support. Simultaneously, the platform provided downstream terminals with plenty of big data insights, enabling them
     to make scientific predictions and optimise procurement strategies. This comprehensive response mechanism not
     only reshaped the flexibility and responsiveness of the supply chain, but also strengthened user loyalty with in-depth
     services. During the Reporting Period, the steady growth in the average number of both MAB and MPB is sound
     evidence of the platform’s value as a “connector” and “amplifier” in the supply-demand relationship.

     We charge upstream sellers a commission, which is based on a certain percentage of their sales on our Online
     Marketplace. During the Reporting Period, the average Online Marketplace commission rate we charged, which
     equals the commissions we receive from third-party sellers divided by the corresponding transaction amounts, was
     3.3%. In return, our Online Marketplace provides subsidies in the form of coupon to our downstream buyers. Without
     compromising platform retention and user engagement, our Online Marketplace subsidy ratio, which equals the
     amount of subsidies provided to buyers and used on Online Marketplace divided by the transaction amounts from
     Online Marketplace, was 0.5% for 2025, representing a decrease of approximately 0.1 percentage points compared
     to 2024.

     GENERAL SELF-OPERATION BUSINESS

     During the Reporting Period, we focused on comprehensive advancement in the four core dimensions of “wide
     selection, fast delivery, superior quality, and cost efficiency”, continuously enhancing the operating capabilities of our
     Self-operation Business and user experience and achieving steady development in this segment.

     In the dimension of “wide selection”, we leveraged our supply chain integration capabilities to continuously
     accelerate the comprehensive coverage of our Self-operation Business across all product categories. Based on
     the big data of transactions on the platform and downstream demand insights, we have established a decision-
     making mechanism for digital procurement encompassing “demand forecasting – intelligent product selection –
     quality control”, focusing on the introduction of SKUs with high procurement frequency and high-quality standards.
     Simultaneously, we expanded health consumer categories such as medical devices and tonics on a systematic basis
     to meet the diversified procurement needs of downstream buyers. As of 31 December 2025, the suppliers of Self-
     operation Business exceeded 12,000, the average monthly SKUs reached 430,000, and the variety of products and the
     quality of supply have improved simultaneously.




10   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                          Business Outlook and Review


In terms of “fast delivery”, by focusing on improving the efficiency of the intelligent supply chain, we continuously
optimised the comprehensive smart supply chain system of “procurement – warehousing – distribution” to achieve
efficient fulfillment of pharmaceutical and healthcare products. During the Reporting Period, the on-time delivery
rate further improved to 96.70% in 2025. Against the backdrop of continuous business expansion, we fulfilled the
promised delivery time to downstream buyers with higher standards, effectively improving the end procurement
experience and driving the improvement of customer loyalty.

For “superior quality”, we upheld our bottom line on quality, establishing a solid foundation of quality through
rigorous selection standards and a full-process traceability mechanism to ensure the safety and reliability of each
product we delivered. We have established a comprehensive quality control system covering procurement, inspection
and acceptance, warehousing, distribution and after-sales service, implementing strict supplier admission and
product review mechanisms. Relying on a digital system, we ensured the traceability of the source and destination of
pharmaceutical products, and the accountability, thus guaranteeing the safety and reliability of pharmaceutical and
health products at source.

In the dimension of “cost efficiency”, we persisted in refined operations and full-chain cost control, unlocking higher
value through optimisation for extreme efficiency. We insisted on furthering supply chain transformation under the
model of “direct procurement at source + direct supply from manufacturers”, directly converting price advantages
into procurement discount for downstream buyers by shortening intermediate links. During the Reporting Period, we
formed strategic partnerships with premium brands such as Yiling Pharmaceutical, Guangzhou Baiyunshan Zhongyi
Pharmaceutical (廣州白雲山中一藥業), and Guangzhou Baiyunshan Qixing Pharmaceutical (廣州白雲山奇星藥業),
establishing a stable and cost-effective supply system. In addition, through a variety of discount policies such as free
shipping for single items, subsidies on promoted brands and member-exclusive prices, we have effectively reduced
the procurement costs for downstream buyers, enabling them to truly enjoy more convenient procurement, better
cost control and easier operation.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   11
     Business Outlook and Review


     TARGETED PRODUCT LAUNCH BUSINESS

     Leveraging the industry experience and market insights accumulated in Online Marketplace and General Self-
     operation Business, our Targeted Product Launch Business accurately identifies high-potential products. Through
     a “dual-drive approach by deep collaboration with pharmaceutical companies and proprietary brands”, it turned
     potential market opportunities into tangible sales performance. This creates value for our partners while providing
     downstream buyers with higher quality and more diverse pharmaceutical and health product options, continuously
     driving the Company’s business growth and profitability. During the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts of our
     Targeted Product Launch Business amounted to RMB2,445 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 111.2%.

     During the Reporting Period, we focused the strategic layout of our Targeted Product Launch Business on
     expanding the coverage of products under our own brands in downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare
     institutions, driving the deep penetration of our brand influence. In terms of the expansion of our own brands, by
     upholding quality and safety and based on the actual needs of downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare
     institutions, we are committed to continuously identifying products with the potential to become channel bestsellers
     and comprehensively enhancing the product coverage of our own brands and use these measures as the key to
     differentiating ourselves from competition and enhancing profitability.

     As of the end of the period, we have successfully established a portfolio of own brands including Leyaoshi (樂藥
     師), Yuandian (元典), Huitai (回泰), Antaibang (安泰邦), Futai (輔太), Bowei (博為), Peitong (培彤), Shizhenling (時珍
     令) and Xinglintai (杏林泰). These brands span multiple high-potential categories such as Chinese patent medicines,
     gynecological medications, medical devices and consumables, and wellness Chinese herbs, with more than 1,200
     SKUs. They extensively reach the full spectrum of customer types, including monomer pharmacies, chain pharmacies,
     and primary healthcare institutions. What’s more important, owing to their significantly higher gross margin compared
     to the General Self-operation Business, own brands have effectively contributed to an increase in the overall gross
     margin of our Self-operation Business. They have become a core engine for the Company’s profit growth and a key
     element in the differentiation competition. During the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts of our own brands
     reached RMB1,937 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 282.8%.

     During the Reporting Period, YSB efficiently advanced the integration of its acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical.
     The reuse of resources and channel synergies have been translated into tangible operational results. In 2025, both
     the year-on-year growth rate of revenue and its net profit of core business of Yikuai Pharmaceutical met the annual
     performance targets set at the time of acquisition, demonstrating robust growth potential. This is also an adequate
     proof of the significant synergistic value of the strategic acquisition in terms of expanding market share, optimising
     supply chain costs, and enhancing service capabilities.




12   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                         Business Outlook and Review


OTHER BUSINESSES

ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)

During the Reporting Period, the Company seized opportunities in digital healthcare by continuously refining the
comprehensive solutions for “ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)” primary smart healthcare system. Through “FutureClou
(未來光譜)” series products, the point-of-care testing and monitoring devices, “Cloud Consultation SaaS (光譜雲診
SaaS)”, a digital primary healthcare institution management system, and “ClouWiseDoctor (光譜智醫)”, a smart AI
doctors-aid system, the Company comprehensively empowered primary healthcare institutions.

Leveraging our platform’s vast user base and extensive market data, we have accurately identified potential demands
within critical scenarios in primary healthcare, such as disease prevention, acute disease treatment, chronic disease
rehabilitation, as well as epidemic monitoring. We strategically launched three “FutureClou” series point-of-
care testing devices: Clou Immuno Cube (光譜免疫小方盒), Clou Chronic Disease Analyzer (光譜慢病檢測儀), and
Clou Micro Hematology Analyzer (光譜微型血球儀). With core advantages of “immediate testing, multi-parameter
coverage, compact and portability, and ease of operation”, these product series deeply empower primary healthcare
institutions. From chronic disease monitoring to acute infection diagnosis, from respiratory pathogen detection
to epidemic warning, these devices effectively enhance diagnostic efficiency and service accessibility for primary
healthcare institutions, facilitating physicians for precise prescribed medication use. As of 31 December 2025, these
devices covered more than 22,000 end users with sales exceeding 33,000 units.

We also continued to upgrade the “Cloud Consultation” SaaS service for primary healthcare institutions. In 2025, we
deeply integrated AI technology to introduce auxiliary consultation, intelligent prescription review, and voice-enabled
medical record functions, reduce workload and enhance efficiency for primary care doctors through technology while
comprehensively improving diagnostic accuracy and prescription safety. As of 31 December 2025, the number of
paying users of “Cloud Consultation” exceeded 2,800. During the Reporting Period, we continued to advance the
integration with medical insurance and health administration platforms. As of 31 December 2025, medical insurance
functions covered over 100 cities. In addition, for downstream customers such as chain primary healthcare institutions
with deep operational needs, we further launched the Professional Edition of Cloud Consultation, focusing on refined
marketing and intelligent management for primary healthcare institutions, empowering users to achieve the transition
from informatisation to intelligentisation.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   13
     Business Outlook and Review


     Other SaaS solutions

     During the Reporting Period, we remained focused on the core objective of enhancing operational efficiency of the
     upstream and downstream participants in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry chain. Leveraging digital
     empowerment and innovative services, we continued to strengthen the synergy effect of the outside-of-hospital
     pharmaceutical ecosystem.

     We continuously upgraded the “CloudComm (雲商通)” SaaS service for upstream sellers to digitally upgrade their
     inventory management, order processing, market analysis, etc., significantly improving operational efficiency and
     market responsiveness. Leveraging accurate data insights and the support of smart supply chain, we helped our
     upstream partners reduce their operating costs and expand market coverage. As of 31 December 2025, we provided
     the service to over 9,600 sellers, with approximately 1,200 new sellers during the Reporting Period.

     We continuously refined our “ePalm (掌店易)” SaaS service for downstream buyers, providing pharmacies and
     primary healthcare institutions with one-stop purchasing, inventory management, sales analysis and other tools to
     facilitate their efficient operations and accurate decision-making. As of 31 December 2025, “ePalm” provided the
     service to over 73,000 buyers, with more than 13,000 new buyers during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, we assisted
     buyers from 243 cities in connecting with medical insurance departments. In addition, the “PHDS Pharmacy Health
     Diagnosis System (PHDS藥房健康診斷系統)”, which was specially designed for chain pharmacies, leverages data and
     algorithms to accurately target and identify issues through efficient multi-dimensional analysis and gives optimisation
     suggestions based on analysis reports, effectively improving the operational efficiency and effectiveness of chain
     pharmacies. As of the end of 2025, the system served approximately 850 chain headquarters users.

     YSB eLearn

     During the Reporting Period, we continued to further the development of the professional pharmacist service
     ecosystem. We strengthened the professional knowledge reserves and practical skills of pharmacists through a
     systematic curriculum system, effectively enhancing the professional service capabilities of end users. As of 31
     December 2025, we provided online trainings to approximately 327,000 pharmacists and prospective pharmacists.




14   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                         Business Outlook and Review


SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Our self-developed smart supply chain management system is an integral key player in the continuous expansion of
business scale. Relying on advanced algorithm technology and the profound insights accumulated from extensive
transacting on our Self-operation Business and Online Marketplace, we have successfully realised the in-depth
integration and comprehensive consolidation of the front and back ends of the supply chain, which covers the whole
process of procurement, warehousing and payment, driving the intelligent upgrading and substantial enhancement
of the efficiency throughout the supply chain system. During the Reporting Period, order processing and dispatch
were completed in approximately 4 hours on average, well ahead of the industry average. During the Reporting
Period, by leveraging the refined operations of smart supply chain management, we maintained payable turnover
days at around 69.6 days, inventory turnover days at around 32.6 days and receivable turnover days at only around 1.9
days. Accordingly, our cash conversion cycle was around -35.0 days, and the operating cash flow remained net inflow.
This quick turnover business model not only significantly improves our cash management efficiency, but also brings
considerable idle cash to the platform, which greatly improves our liquidity and provides a solid guarantee for us to
safely and quickly scale up our business. Meanwhile, the availability of idle cash also brings us extra revenue streams
in addition to higher gross profit, further improving the overall profitability and driving the sustainable development
of our business.

In terms of payment, we use advanced digital technology for efficient integration of business, logistics, information
flow, and capital, forming a full-chain supply chain financial ecosystem linking up upstream and downstream
enterprises. With the use of platform transaction data, we partnered with third-party financial institutions to
tailor financing products for downstream buyers, ensuring that credit facilities are restricted to purchases within
our platform, enhancing capital utilisation efficiency and achieving value co-creation in the supply chain. During
the Reporting Period, the number of downstream active users for order financing products was over 12,000; the
cumulative lending amount was approximately RMB9,110 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.1%,
of which the cumulative lending amount of order financing products from downstream chain pharmacy buyers
was approximately RMB7,283 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.3%. The supply chain financial
business significantly relieved the pressure on capital turnover of downstream buyers by optimising their capital flow
management, while boosting the willingness of chain pharmacies in purchasing on our platform. During the Reporting
Period, the average number of MPB from chain headquarters users was over 5,000, representing approximately 75.0%
of the total number of chain headquarters users nationwide.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Leveraging our profound accumulation in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical sector, we have established our core
capabilities in precise market insights, efficient resource deployment, and excellent customer service. Based on such
core capabilities, we have tailored our business expansion strategies in line with our own development and market
needs. We have been closely monitoring the immense potential and opportunities in the market, while keeping track
on regulatory policy changes to continuously optimise our strategic layout, in order to comply with the dual guidance
of policy and market. This strategy drove a dual leap in organisational efficiency and market coverage. As of 31
December 2025, we had approximately 2,700 business development team members (excluding the team from Yikuai
Pharmaceutical). Through refining the expansion strategies, the staff efficiency of our business development team
further improved as compared to the previous year. Each member can manage approximately 200 pharmacies on
average. Our efficient offline promotion capabilities enabled us to reach 376,000 primary healthcare institution users,
with approximately 50,000 new users during the year. Moreover, our registered buyers covered 98.9% of counties and
91.5% of towns in China.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   15
     Business Outlook and Review


     PUBLIC WELFARE AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

     We have always incorporated the concept of sustainable development into our corporate DNA, and been active in
     fulfilling corporate social responsibility and committed to creating long-term value for society. During the Reporting
     Period, we continued to devote efforts across multiple areas including community and primary healthcare welfare, as
     well as public welfare donations, giving back to society with concrete actions.

     In terms of community and primary healthcare welfare, we donated “Leyaoshi Compound Cold and Flu Granules
     (樂藥師複方感冒靈)”, “Leyaoshi Huoxiang Zhengqi Kou Fu Ye (樂藥師藿香正氣口服液)”, and heatstroke prevention
     supplies to various sub-districts in Guangzhou and frontline social workers, safeguarding the health of city guardians
     and community residents.

     In terms of public welfare donations, we donated funds to support rural revitalisation initiatives, continuously
     exploring diverse assistance methods. We actively participated in public welfare programmes for agricultural support
     through charitable purchasing, contributing concrete efforts to rural revitalisation. Meanwhile, we actively responded
     to the public welfare project “Gather the power of love and carry on the spirit of Lei Feng” jointly launched by the
     China Medical Supplies Association and the Lei Feng Foundation, and actively donated funds to support charitable
     cause, interpreting the spirit of Lei Feng in the new era through practical actions. Furthermore, we make quarterly
     donations to the Green & Shine Foundation as a support for the improvement of rural education environments. In
     terms of disaster relief, we donated medical supplies including disinfectants and heatstroke prevention medicines
     to flood-affected areas such as Sangzhi, Huaiji, and Rongjiang, helping disaster-stricken communities overcome
     difficulties.

     OUTLOOK

     As a leader in the digital ecosystem of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry, we will navigate amidst
     the waves of digital transformation of outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical by virtue of our profound industry
     accumulation as well as our cutting-edge technological capability. We will further deepen the full-chain collaboration
     to comprehensively empower industry chain partners in efficiency improvement and revenue growth. We will drive
     industrial upgrade with digital and intelligent engines to make quality pharmaceutical resources accessible to all.

     In terms of Online Marketplace, we will pursue the core strategy of “Empowering Partners, Leading Standards”,
     dedicating ourselves to becoming the digital growth engine and supply chain hub for upstream sellers. On one
     hand, we will further refine our comprehensive digital operation system, empowering upstream sellers to enhance
     operational efficiency and achieve healthy growth through accurate market trend analysis, intelligent inventory
     management system, and customised marketing strategies. On the other hand, we will continue to further develop
     a high-quality supply chain, optimise our product matrix, expand category boundaries, and integrate quality
     pharmaceutical resources and healthcare services to achieve precise reach and instant fulfilment of user needs.




16   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                        Business Outlook and Review


In terms of General Self-operation Business, we will fully unlock the core potential of our smart supply chain
management system, continue to iterate our warehousing network and logistics distribution system to build a “digital
infrastructure” for efficient fulfilment. On the upstream procurement side, we will deepen strategic collaboration
with leading pharmaceutical companies for not only enriching our product matrix but also enhancing supply chain
resilience and partnership value through direct procurement at source and value co-creation. On the downstream
service side, we will leverage data intelligence to precisely match terminal demand, keep on optimising the
procurement, fulfilment experience, and after-sales support, in a bid to establish our General Self-operation Business
as the “first-choice, trusted” pharmaceutical and healthcare supply chain partner for downstream buyers.

In terms of the Targeted Product Launch Business, we will firmly deepen the “Go Upstream (向上走)” strategy,
anchored by “supply chain value co-creation” and “own-brand ecosystem development”. In terms of category
coverage, we will build a full-scenario product matrix covering common diseases, chronic disease management, and
health wellness, forming a complete closed loop from basic treatment to health prevention. In brand building, we
will deeply capture user mindshare through differentiated positioning and refined operations, establishing a brand
perception of “superior quality at competitive prices”. At the market penetration level, leveraging our digital full-
chain collaboration capabilities, we will precisely reach and deeply cultivate grassroots pharmaceutical terminals,
continuously tapping into incremental markets with high conversion efficiency, and steadily increasing the market
share of our own brands in grassroots healthcare.

In terms of technology innovation, we will continue to deepen the full-scenario application of AI technology in
the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare industry, driving platform value towards intelligent and
collaborative development in depth. By iterating our digital and intelligent dynamic supply chain system, we will
inject technological momentum into cost reduction and efficiency enhancement across the entire supply chain. In
terms of business innovation, we will continue to focus on exploring optimal fulfilment models for business models
such as on-demand pharmaceutical retail, achieving the ultimate balance between cost and efficiency through refined
operations, and building an intelligent fulfilment network available anytime, anywhere.

Looking further ahead, we will adhere to the investment strategy of “strategic prudence + proactive advancement”,
breaking business boundaries and activating new growth momentum through industrial chain investments and
merger and acquisition planning, while maintaining healthy financial conditions. Ultimately, we aim to build a new
pharmaceutical and healthcare industry ecosystem with comprehensive synergy and self-evolving ability.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     REVENUE

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB20,969.7 million, representing an
     increase of 17.1% as compared with RMB17,903.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase in
     revenue was mainly attributable to (i) the continued development of the Self-operation Business during the Reporting
     Period; and (ii) our acquisition has injected new impetus into the Group’s revenue growth.

     The Group’s revenue from the Self-operation Business increased from RMB16,972.9 million for the year ended 31
     December 2024 to RMB20,065.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, primarily attributable to (i) enlarged
     buyer base and the continuous optimization of buyers’ experience such as logistics and customer services; (ii) the
     number of MPB of our Self-operation Business recorded a continuous and stable increase as compared with the same
     period of last year; and (iii) our acquisition has injected new impetus into the Group’s revenue growth.

     The Group’s revenue from the Online Marketplace decreased slightly from RMB881.1 million for the year ended 31
     December 2024 to RMB866.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, primarily attributable to the downturn in
     the pharmaceutical retail market, which had a relatively significant impact on the industry and, accordingly, on third-
     party sellers. During the Reporting Period, the commission rate applied to third-party sellers remained stable.

     The Group’s revenue from the other businesses decreased by 23.3% from RMB49.6 million for the year ended 31
     December 2024 to RMB38.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly attributable to the adjustment of
     the operation/service model of ClouDiagnos.

     COST OF SALES

     The Group’s cost of sales increased by 16.0% from RMB16,090.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
     RMB18,662.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, primarily due to the increase in sales of our Self-operation
     Business.

     The cost of sales of the Group’s Self-operation Business increased by 16.3% from RMB15,929.1 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2024 to RMB18,519.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2025. The increase in cost of sales
     for the year ended 31 December 2025 was primarily due to the growth of purchase demand from buyers, as a result
     of which we increased the procurement of pharmaceutical products accordingly.

     The cost of sales of the Group’s Online Marketplace slightly decreased by 2.3% from RMB146.0 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2024 to RMB142.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to a lower average
     overall transaction processing fee rate.

     The cost of sales of the Group’s other businesses decreased significantly by 96.0% from RMB15.1 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2024 to RMB0.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to the decrease in
     costs in relation to ClouDiagnos.




18   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s gross profit increased significantly by 27.2% from RMB1,813.5 million for the
year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB2,307.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Group’s gross profit
margin increased from 10.1% for the year ended 31 December 2024 to 11.0% for the year ended 31 December 2025,
mainly due to the downstream demand for the Group’s own-branded products has remained strong, and the scale of
this high-gross-margin business has continued to expand, thereby continuously improving the Group’s gross profit
margin.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Self-operation Business recorded an increase from 6.2% for the year ended
31 December 2024 to 7.7% for the year ended 31 December 2025, primarily due to the implementation of the “Go
Upstream” strategy by gradually increasing the percentages of our own brand in our product pipeline, which has
much higher gross profit margin than other products.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Online Marketplace increased slightly from 83.4% for the year ended 31
December 2024 to 83.5% for the year ended 31 December 2025.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s other businesses increased significantly from 69.6% for the year ended 31
December 2024 to 98.5% for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to (i) the year-on-year growth of revenue
of our SaaS solution, which has a higher gross profit margin, and the corresponding increase of its proportion of
revenue; and (ii) the adjustment of the operation/service model of ClouDiagnos.

SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

The Group’s selling and marketing expenses increased by 19.3% from RMB1,461.2 million for the year ended 31
December 2024 to RMB1,743.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to (i) our acquisition of
Yikuai Pharmaceutical, which has led to an increase in overall expenses; and (ii) we continued to expand our business
operations. Fulfillment expenses increased by 12.8% from RMB312.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
RMB352.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, among which logistics expenses increased from RMB232.7
million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB269.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2025. Although
the Group’s selling and marketing expenses had increased during the Reporting Period, due to the corresponding
growth in the Group’s overall revenue, the selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of the Group’s revenue
remained largely stable.

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

The Group’s administrative expenses increased by 14.3% from RMB354.0 million for the year ended 31 December
2024 to RMB404.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to our acquisition of Yikuai
Pharmaceutical, which has led to an increase in overall expenses. Although general and administrative expenses had
increased during the Reporting Period, the ratio to the Group’s revenue decreased slightly.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

     The Group’s research and development expenses increased by 1.6% from RMB94.2 million for the year ended 31
     December 2024 to RMB95.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, primarily attributable to an increase in
     salaries and welfare benefits expenses resulting from the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical.

     OTHER INCOME

     The Group’s other income decreased from RMB91.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB73.3 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2025. The decrease was primarily attributable to (i) a decrease in both interest
     income from bank deposits and investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as a result
     of the decline in interest rates; and (ii) a decrease in government grants.

     OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

     The Group recorded net other gains of RMB18.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2025 as compared to net
     other gains of RMB30.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The difference was primarily due to (i) the fair
     value change of contingent consideration payables; and (ii) the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.

     FINANCE COSTS

     Finance costs increased by 5.3% from RMB11.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB11.9 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2025 due to the increase in interest expense on discounted note receivables.

     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

     As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s profit for the year increased significantly from RMB15.1 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2024 to RMB146.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2025.




20   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


NON-IFRS MEASURE

In evaluating our business, we consider and use (i) Adjusted Net Profit; and (ii) Adjusted Net Profit margin as
supplemental measures to review and assess our operating performance. The presentation of these non-IFRS
financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the financial information
prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS. We define Adjusted Net Profit as profit for the year adding back (i)
equity-settled share-based payment expenses; and (ii) acquisition-related expenses in relation to the acquisition of
Yikuai Pharmaceutical. We define Adjusted Net Profit margin as Adjusted Net Profit divided by revenue. We present
these non-IFRS financial measures because they are used by our management to evaluate our operating performance
and formulate business plans. Accordingly, we believe that the use of these non-IFRS financial measures provide
useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner
as our management and Board. These non-IFRS financial measures are not defined under IFRS and are not presented
in accordance with IFRS. These non-IFRS financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool. Further, these non-
IFRS measures may differ from the non-IFRS information used by other companies, including peer companies, and
therefore its comparability may be limited. These non-IFRS financial measures should not be considered in isolation
or construed as alternatives to profit/loss or any other measure of performance. Investors are encouraged to review
our historical non-IFRS financial measures in light of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, as shown below.
The non-IFRS financial measures presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by
other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting the usefulness of such
measures when analysing our data comparatively. We encourage you to review our financial information in its entirety
and not rely on a single financial measure.

The Adjusted Net Profit, which is unaudited, represents profit for the year adding back (i) equity-settled share-based
payment expenses; and (ii) acquisition-related expenses in relation to the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. The
Adjusted Net Profit of the Group increased significantly from RMB156.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024
to RMB237.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, representing a year-on-year growth of 51.2%.

The following table reconciles our Adjusted Net Profit from the most directly comparable financial measure
calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS (profit for the year).

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                   (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)


 Profit for the year                                                                  145,982                  15,081
 Add back:
 Equity-settled shared-based payment expenses                                          64,128                137,692
 Acquisition-related expenses in relation to the acquisition of
   Yikuai Pharmaceutical                                                               26,948                  3,961
 Adjusted Net Profit, a non-IFRS measure                                              237,058                156,734
 Adjusted Net Profit margin, a non-IFRS measure                                         1.1%                   0.9%


Adjusted Net Profit is not a measure of performance under IFRS. The use of the Adjusted Net Profit has material
limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact our profit for the relevant period.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     LIQUIDITY AND SOURCE OF FUNDING AND BORROWING

     The Group financed its operating and investing activities mainly through cash generated from capital contribution
     from shareholders and operating activities. Our cash and cash equivalents are represented by cash and bank balances
     and time deposits with original maturity of three months or less.

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents decreased by 31.8% from RMB1,041.2 million as at
     31 December 2024 to RMB710.0 million. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended 31 December
     2025 was mainly due to the Group’s increased placement in restricted bank deposits, time deposits, other financial
     assets at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which resulted in the increase of
     cash used in investing activities. Among these, restricted bank deposits are mainly used to issue notes payable for
     upstream procurement settlements and maintain adequate liquidity for business operations.

     The following table sets forth our cash flows for the year indicated:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                        (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)


      Net cash generated from operating activities                                        637,700                655,858
      Net cash used in investing activities                                              (896,275)              (253,579)
      Net cash used in financing activities                                               (70,967)              (109,805)
      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                               (329,542)               292,474
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                            1,041,228                745,693
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                              (1,727)                 3,061
      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                    709,959              1,041,228


     The Group adopts a prudent financial management approach for its cash management policy to ensure that
     the Group’s liquidity structure, comprising assets, liabilities and other commitments, is able to always meet its
     capital requirements. Going forward, we believe our liquidity requirements will be satisfied by using funds from a
     combination of cash generated from operating activities, external borrowings, net proceeds from the Global Offering
     and other funds raised from the capital markets from time to time.

     NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB637.7 million, mainly
     attributable to our profit before tax of RMB137.0 million for the year, as adjusted by (i) non-cash and non-operating
     items, which primarily comprised equity-settled share-based payment expenses of RMB64.1 million; and (ii) changes
     in working capital, which were mainly due to the increase of RMB929.8 million in trade and other payables, but offset
     by increase in trade and other receivables of RMB167.1 million and the increase in inventories of RMB414.0 million.




22   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES

For the year ended 31 December 2025, net cash used in investing activities was RMB896.3 million. It was mainly
due to (i) the net outflow of RMB502.0 million from the placement of restricted bank deposits; (ii) the net outflow of
RMB231.9 million from the placement of the time deposits; and (iii) the purchase of other financial assets at amortised
cost of RMB150.0 million.

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES

For the year ended 31 December 2025, net cash used in financing activities was RMB71.0 million, which was mainly
attributable to (i) share repurchase; and (ii) dividends paid.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a
value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2025) for the year ended 31 December 2025.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
consolidated affiliated entities or associated companies.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s interest-bearing deposits of RMB2,225.1 million (2024: RMB1,490.2 million)
were used as pledge for the issuance of bank acceptance notes.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2025.

GEARING RATIO

The Group’s gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. As of 31
December 2025, as the Group had bank borrowings arising from discounted notes, its gearing ratio was 6.4% (as of
31 December 2024: 0.9%).

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed below, there are no other significant events that might affect the Group since the end of the
Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

On 10 February 2026, 2,533,700 award Shares were granted to employee participants, representing approximately
0.37% of the total issued Shares (excluding any treasury Shares) of the Company as of the date of grant, details of
which were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 10 February 2026.

On 23 March 2026, a total of 490,000 consideration Shares were allotted and issued under the general mandate at
the issue price of HK$12 per consideration Share as the part I contingent consideration payable in 2025 due to the
achievement of the 2025 performance targets of part I contingent consideration, details of which were disclosed in
the announcements of the Company dated 15 October 2024, 28 October 2024, 26 November 2024, 14 January 2025
and 23 March 2026.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group had 6,950 employees. The following table sets forth the total number of
     employees by function as at 31 December 2025:

                                                                                                              Number of
      Function                                                                                                employees


      General and Administrative                                                                                    1,018
      Selling and Marketing                                                                                         3,299
      Operations                                                                                                    2,292
      Research and Development                                                                                        341


      Total                                                                                                         6,950


     The Group believes in the importance of attraction, recruitment and retention of quality employees in achieving
     the Group’s success. Employees’ remuneration is determined in accordance with prevailing industry practice and
     employees’ educational backgrounds, experience and performance. The remuneration policy and package of the
     Group’s employees are periodically reviewed.

     The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises competitive salaries, performance-based sales
     commissions, performance-based cash bonuses and certain other incentives. In accordance with applicable PRC
     regulations, the Group has made contributions to housing fund and various employee social security plans that are
     organised by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, maternity,
     work-related injury and unemployment benefit plans, at specified percentages of the salaries of our employees.
     Bonuses and sales commissions are generally discretionary and based in part on employee performance and in part
     on the overall performance of our business.

     The Company also has adopted two share incentive plans, the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive
     Plan to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General
     Information — Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further details of the share incentive plans.

     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB1,321.4 million, as
     compared to RMB1,120.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not experience any significant labour disputes or any difficulty
     in recruiting employees.




24   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the transactions
were settled in RMB, the Company’s primary consolidated affiliated entities’ functional currency. We are exposed
to foreign exchange risk arising mainly from bank balances and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
denominated in foreign currency of certain entities of the Group. The Group currently does not have a foreign
currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor
its foreign currency exposure and foreign exchange risk management strategies closely and will consider hedging
significant foreign currency exposure should the need arises to minimise its foreign exchange risk.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   25
     Report of Directors


     The Board is pleased to present this report of Directors together with the consolidated financial statements of the
     Group for FY 2025.

     OVERVIEW OF OUR BOARD

     The Directors who held office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Fei Chen

     Non-Executive Director

     Mr. Ziyang Zhu

     Independent Non-Executive Directors

     Ms. Rong Shao
     Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun
     Mr. Hongqiang Zhao

     Biographical details of the Directors are set out in “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. Save as
     disclosed therein, none of the members of the Board is related to one another, including financial, business, family or
     other material/relevant relationships.

     In accordance with Article 15.1 of our articles of association, Mr. Buzhen Zhang and Ms. Rong Shao shall retire at our
     upcoming annual general meeting. Each of these Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at our
     upcoming annual general meeting.

     OVERVIEW OF OUR COMPANY

     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 27 August 2018 as an exempted company with limited
     liability, and the Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date.




26   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                         Report of Directors


Our Business

We operate a digital pharmaceutical platform serving businesses outside of hospitals in China. We develop
technology-backed solutions that connect and empower both upstream (including pharmaceutical companies,
distributors and vendors) and downstream (including pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions. Primary
healthcare institutions refer to downstream pharmaceutical retailer that is not a hospital or a pharmacy, including,
but not limited to, a private clinic, township health centre, village clinic, and community medical institution) players
in the pharmaceutical value chain, through our ecosystem. We achieve this through our two primary businesses: (a)
Online Marketplace dedicated to registered pharmaceutical sellers and buyers to interact and transact with one
another; and (b) Self-operation Business, in which we carefully select quality products and sell these to downstream
pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions through our proprietary fulfilment system. Additionally, as part of
our ecosystem, we operate add-on services and ancillary businesses, including ClouMinihouse, SaaS Solutions, and
YSB eLearn to improve the operating efficiency of our upstream and the downstream customers and partners, and
to empower pharmacies and primary healthcare with market insights and professional knowledge to enhance their
service capability and quality.

Subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.

Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities

During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 7,435,000 Shares on the Stock Exchange at an
aggregate consideration of HK$59,686,444.24. Details of the Shares repurchased are as follows:

                                          No. of Shares
                                             aggregate                   Price paid per Share             Aggregate
 Month of repurchase                       repurchased               Highest            Lowest          consideration
                                                                       (HKD)              (HKD)                (HKD)


 May                                           5,175,000                 8.36                6.98        39,702,308.24
 June                                            460,000                10.34                9.55         4,595,876.00
 August                                          100,000                10.27               10.21         1,023,110.00
 October                                         400,000                11.21                9.72         4,260,620.00
 November                                      1,300,000                 8.20                6.95        10,104,530.00


 Total                                         7,435,000                                                 59,686,444.24


Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or Consolidated Affiliated Entities
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including sale of
treasury Shares) (as defined under the Listing Rules) during the Reporting Period. Among the total number of 7,435,000
repurchased Shares, 5,635,000 repurchased Shares were cancelled on 4 July 2025 and the remaining 1,800,000
repurchased Shares will be cancelled in due course. As at 31 December 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury
Shares.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   27
     Report of Directors


     Public Float

     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the
     date of this annual report, the Company had maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Listing
     Rules.

     OVERVIEW OF OUR PERFORMANCE OVER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
     the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance and an indication of likely future
     developments in the Group’s business is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement”, “Business Outlook
     and Review” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report. Those discussions form part of this
     report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the Reporting Period is set out in “Significant
     Events after the Reporting Period” in this annual report. An account of the Company’s key relationships with our
     employees, customers and suppliers and others that have a significant impact on the Company is set out on page 29
     of this annual report and will also be set out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” to be published
     at the same time of this annual report.

     Results of our Group

     The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in this
     annual report.

     Financial Summary

     A summary of the consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is
     set out on pages 168 to 169 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the consolidated financial
     statements.

     Pre-emptive Rights

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands that
     would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to Shareholders.

     Tax Relief and Exemption

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to our Shareholders by reason of their holding
     of our securities.

     Property, Plant and Equipment

     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Reporting
     Period are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Share Capital and Shares Issued

     The Company has one class of Shares with a nominal or par value of US$0.0000025 each. Details of movements in the
     share capital of the Company, and details of our shares issued, during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 28 to
     the consolidated financial statements.



28   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                          Report of Directors


Debenture Issued

The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period.

Equity-linked Agreements

Save as disclosed in “Other Information – Share Incentive Plans” in this annual report, no equity-linked agreements
were entered into by the Group, or existed during the Reporting Period.

Final Dividends

The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.110 (equivalent to HK$0.125, which is based
on the rate of HK$1 to RMB0.87946, being the average of central parity rates of Hong Kong dollars against RMB
announced by the China Foreign Exchange Trade System under the authorisation of the People’s Bank of China on 18
March, 19 March and 20 March 2026) per Share for the year ended 31 December 2025. The final dividend is subject to
the approval of the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) to be held
on 21 May 2026 and the final dividend will be paid in Hong Kong dollars at HK$0.125 per Share. The final dividend
will be paid on or around 24 June 2026 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
Company on 2 June 2026. It is expected that the Company will adopt a long-term stable cash dividend policy in case
of sustained profitability in the future.

As at the date of this annual report, so far as the Directors are aware, no Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive
any dividends, and no such arrangement has been entered into by the Company or any of its Shareholders.

Permitted Indemnity

Pursuant to our articles of association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained which they or any of
them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices.

Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force over the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out liability
insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.

Distributable Reserves

As at 31 December 2025, the Company had distributable reserves of approximately RMB3,486.8 million.

Bank Loans and Other Borrowings

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 27 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Major Customers and Suppliers

We have a broad base of customers. During the Reporting Period, our major customers were mainly pharmacies and
primary healthcare institutions. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the revenue generated from the Group’s five
largest customers combined accounted for less than 30% of the Group’s revenue in the same year.

Our suppliers are primarily pharmaceutical companies, pharmaceutical manufacturers or their distributors. For the
year ended 31 December 2025, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers combined accounted for less than
30% of the Group’s total purchase amount in the same year.


                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   29
     Report of Directors


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond
     our control:

     (a)     ability to accurately predict and effectively cater to changing preferences, particularly in terms of product
             offerings and supply, in relation to upstream and downstream players in the pharmaceutical value chain;

     (b)     ability to protect, maintain and enhance our brand;

     (c)     uncertainties with compliance with laws and regulations in the PRC and other jurisdictions relating to data
             privacy and security;

     (d)     uncertainties with respect to the enactment, interpretation and implementation of certain laws, regulations
             and government policies in the PRC;

     (e)     ability to effectively execute monetisation strategies;

     (f)     competition with other business-to-business (B2B) pharmaceutical sales platforms and traditional
             pharmaceutical distributors; and

     (g)     risks related to industry, business, and operations.

     The above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own investment
     advisors before making any investment in our Shares.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     We are committed to furthering our social responsibility, namely in promoting employee benefits and development,
     and protecting the environment around us and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth.
     Further details are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which is published at the same time
     of this annual report.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     To the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and regulations
     that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During the Reporting Period, there was no
     material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.

     MATERIAL LITIGATION

     The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the Reporting Period. The Directors
     are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the
     Reporting Period.




30   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                          Report of Directors


INFORMATION RELATING TO OUR DIRECTORS

Directors’ Service Contracts

Each of the Directors entered into an appointment service contract with the Company on 12 June 2023. Under the
contracts, the term of the respective Director’s appointment shall be for an initial term of three years from the Listing
Date or until the third annual general meeting of the Company after the Listing Date, whichever is sooner (subject
to retirement as and when required under the articles of association). All of the director service contracts have been
renewed for a further three years, and either party may terminate the contract by giving not less than three months’
written notice.

The above appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement of Directors under our articles of association.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at our upcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with
members of the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation,
other than statutory compensation.

Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of Significance

None of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly,
in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of
its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of FY 2025.

Directors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debenture

Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their
spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or
any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.

Emolument Policy and Directors’ Remuneration

In compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code, the Company has established a remuneration
committee to assist the Board in formulating remuneration policies. Remuneration is determined and recommended
based on each Director’s and senior management personnel’s qualification, position, and seniority. Their
remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from the Board’s remuneration committee. The
Directors and the senior management personnel are eligible participants of our share incentive plan (details of which
are summarised in “Other Information – Share Incentive Plans” in this annual report). Details of the remuneration of
the Directors and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the
Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group,
or as compensation for loss of office.

Over the Reporting Period, the aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances,
other allowances, and benefits in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for the Directors
was approximately RMB9.5 million (as set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements).




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   31
     Report of Directors


     Contracts with Controlling Shareholders
     Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, none of the controlling Shareholder or any of its connected entities had
     a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the
     Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during or at the
     end of FY 2025, and no contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
     or fellow subsidiaries by the controlling Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries was entered into during or at the end of
     FY 2025.

     Competing Interests
     To the best knowledge and belief of the Directors, the Directors have no contracts of significance with us or have any
     competing business which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

     Management Contracts
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, no contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or
     any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

     Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure
     obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     During the Reporting Period, the Group engaged in certain transactions with the following persons that constituted
     continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules.

      Name of connected person                                              Relationship

      Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Notes)                                              Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer and
                                                                            substantial shareholder of our Company

     Set out below is a summary of the continuing connected transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period.

     Notes:

     1.       The Onshore Holdcos and their subsidiaries are collectively our Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The Onshore Holdcos are
              Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Sudao”) and Guangzhou Yaobang
              Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Yaobang”). The subsidiary of Guangzhou Sudao is
              Henan Subiao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (河南速標信息科技有限公司, “Henan Subiao”). The subsidiaries of Guangzhou
              Yaobang are Guangzhou Yuewei Medical Laboratory Co., Ltd. (廣州閱微醫學檢驗所有限公司, “Guangzhou Yuewei”) and Guangzhou
              Spectrum Health Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州光譜健康科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Spectrum”).

     2.       The registered shareholders of Guangzhou Sudao are Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director (as to 85.92%), Mr. Jiangwei Wang (as to 3.18%),
              Mr. Jiahao Shao (as to 0.92%), and Guangzhou Yaodao Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership), which is controlled
              by Mr. Zhang (as to 9.98%). Mr. Wang and Mr. Shao are independent third parties. The registered shareholder of Guangzhou
              Yaobang is Mr. Zhang.

     Contractual Arrangements
     We engage in certain activities that are subject to foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws and regulations.
     These activities are namely: (a) development and application of gene diagnosis and treatment technologies, which
     is prohibited from any foreign investment; and (b) value-added telecommunications, which requires EDI (electronic
     data interchange and transaction processing) and ICP (internet content provider) licences that are subject to foreign
     investment restrictions; entities holding these licences must be approved by the Ministry of Industry and Information
     Technology of the PRC (中華人民共和國工業和信息化部).

     As a result of these foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws and regulations, these businesses are operated
     by our Consolidated Affiliated Entities, which are in turn, controlled by us and from which we derive the economic
     benefits through a series of contractual arrangements. These contractual arrangements are narrowly tailored to
     achieve our business purpose and minimise the potential for conflict with relevant PRC laws and regulations.


32   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                         Report of Directors


Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements and actions taken to mitigate the risks

We believe the following risks are associated with our contractual arrangements. Further details of these risks are set
out in the “Risk Factors” section of the Prospectus.

(a)    If the PRC government finds that the agreements which establish the structure for operating our businesses in
       China do not comply with PRC regulations on foreign investment in internet and other related businesses, or
       if these regulations or their interpretation change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be
       forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.

(b)    We rely on contractual arrangements with our Consolidated Affiliated Entities and their shareholders for our
       operations in China, which may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership.

(c)    We may lose the ability to use and enjoy assets held by our Consolidated Affiliated Entities that are important
       to our business if our Consolidated Affiliated Entities declare bankruptcy or become subject to a dissolution or
       liquidation proceeding.

(d)    Contractual arrangements we have entered into with our Consolidated Affiliated Entities may be subject to
       scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities. A finding that we owe additional taxes could negatively affect our financial
       condition and the value of your investment.

(e)    If the chops of our PRC subsidiaries, including our Consolidated Affiliated Entities, are not kept safely, are
       stolen or are used by unauthorised persons or for unauthorised purposes, the corporate governance of these
       entities could be severely and adversely compromised.

(f)    Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to how the Foreign Investment Law may impact the viability of our
       current corporate structure and operations.

Summary of the agreements underlying our contractual arrangements

The contractual arrangements in place during the Reporting Period include:

(a)    an exclusive business cooperation agreement (獨家業務合作協議) dated 16 May 2022 entered into between
       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道易信息科技有限公司) (“Guangzhou Sudaoyi”)
       and Guangzhou Sudao.

(b)    an exclusive option agreement (獨家購買權合同) dated 16 May 2022 entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
       Guangzhou Sudao and its registered shareholders, Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮), Mr. Wang Jiangwei (汪薑
       維) (“Mr. Wang”), Mr. Shao Jiahao (邵佳豪) (“Mr. Shao”), and Guangzhou Yaodao Information Technology
       Partnership (Limited Partnership) (廣州藥道信息科技合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Guangzhou Yaodao” and
       collectively with Mr. Zhang, Mr. Wang and Mr. Shao, the “Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders”).

(c)    a share pledge agreement (股權質押合同), dated 16 May 2022, entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
       Guangzhou Sudao and each of Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders.

(d)    voting entrustment agreements (授權委託協議), each dated 16 May 2022 and entered into among Guangzhou
       Sudaoyi, Guangzhou Sudao and each of the Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   33
     Report of Directors


     (e)     an exclusive business cooperation agreement (獨家業務合作協議) dated 16 May 2022 entered into between
             Guangzhou Sudaoyi and Guangzhou Yaobang.

     (f)     an exclusive option agreement (獨家購買權合同) dated 16 May 2022 entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
             Guangzhou Yaobang and its registered shareholder, Mr. Zhang.

     (g)     a share pledge agreement (股權質押合同), dated 16 May 2022, entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
             Guangzhou Yaobang and Mr. Zhang.

     (h)     a voting entrustment agreement (授權委託協議), dated 16 May 2022 and entered into among Guangzhou
             Sudaoyi, Guangzhou Yaobang and Mr. Zhang.

     In FY 2025, the revenue contribution of our Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the Group accounted for approximately
     4.33% of our total revenue (2024: 5.21%).

     No dividends or other distributions have been made by Guangzhou Sudao and Guangzhou Yaobang to the holders
     of their equity interests.

     For further details of the relevant foreign ownership regulations in the PRC and a discussion of the material terms of
     the agreements underlying our contractual arrangements are set out in “Contractual Arrangements” section of the
     Prospectus.

     Implication under the Listing Rules and Confirmations

     Waivers applied for under the Listing Rules

     For the purposes of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, our Consolidated Affiliated Entities are treated as connected
     persons of the Company, and as such, the contractual arrangements are considered continuing connected
     transactions for the Company.

     We have applied for, and the Stock Exchange has granted us, in respect of the contractual arrangements, (i) a
     waiver from strict compliance with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval (including
     recommendation from an independent financial advisor) requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules; (ii) a
     waiver from strict compliance with the requirement to set a term of not exceeding three years under Rule 14A.52 of
     the Listing Rules; and (iii) a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements to set monetary annual caps under
     Rule 14A.53(1) of the Listing Rules, subject to certain conditions set out in the Prospectus.

     Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors

     Our independent non-executive Directors had reviewed the agreements underlying the Contractual Arrangements
     and confirm the factors listed under Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules and that the transactions carried out during the
     Reporting Period under the Contractual Arrangements had been in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
     agreements.




34   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                        Report of Directors


Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the auditor of the Company, has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to
the transactions underlying the Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to their attention that would cause
them to believe that any of the factors listed under Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, where applicable, had existed
during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in “Continuing Connected Transactions” of this annual report, no
related party transactions disclosed in Note 37 to the financial statements constituted a connected transaction or
continuing connected transaction that should be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company has complied
with the disclosure requirements prescribed in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to these continuing
connected transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING

The Company’s Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2023. The net proceeds raised from the Global
Offering were approximately HK$242.2 million, which includes the additional proceeds received following the partial
exercise of the Over-allotment Option as defined in the Prospectus.

As of 31 December 2025, all of the net proceeds had been fully utilised in the manner consistent with that disclosed
in the Prospectus under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” and the announcement of the
Company dated 15 October 2024.

AUDITOR

There has been no change in auditor during the Reporting Period and the preceding three years. The consolidated
financial statements of the Group have been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants and
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors, who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for reappointment at
our upcoming annual general meeting.




By the order of the Board
Mr. Buzhen Zhang
Chairman

Hong Kong
23 March 2026




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   35
     Directors and Senior Management


     As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and
     three independent non-executive Directors.

     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮), aged 50, is our executive Director, Chairman of our Board and Chief Executive Officer
     and chairman of the Nomination Committee. Mr. Zhang co-founded our Group and has served as our Chief Executive
     Officer since January 2015, and as the Director of our Company since its incorporation in August 2018. Prior to
     founding our Group, Mr. Zhang held a number of positions with Fang Holdings Limited, which is listed on the New
     York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: SFUN) from April 1999 to October 2014, including separately as chief technology
     officer, and vice president of Fang Holdings Limited, responsible for the technology development and business
     management. Mr Zhang received a bachelor’s degree majoring in communication engineering from the Beijing
     Institute of Electronic Science and Technology (北京電子科技學院) in China in July 1997.

     Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛), aged 42, is our executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and joint company secretary. Mr.
     Chen joined our Group in April 2022 and has served as our Director since April 2022 and our Chief Financial Officer
     since May 2022. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Chen previously worked as an investment banker with HSBC from July
     2008 to May 2010, advising on financings and mergers and acquisitions for domestic and foreign clients. From May
     2010 to May 2018, Mr. Chen worked with UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, also advising on a broad range of financings
     and mergers and acquisitions. From May 2018 to April 2022, Mr. Chen was the chief financial officer and board
     secretary at Tubatu Group Co., Ltd. (土巴兔集團股份有限公司), overseeing their financial and investment activities.
     Mr. Chen is currently an independent non-executive director of Shanghai REFIRE Group Limited (上海重塑能源集團
     股份有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2570) since December 2024. Mr. Chen received
     a bachelor’s degree in finance in July 2006 and a master’s degree in finance in July 2008 from Peking University (北京
     大學) in China. Mr. Chen holds a chartered financial analyst certificate from the CFA Institute, awarded in September
     2012, and a board secretary certification from the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, awarded in November 2020.

     Non-executive Director

     Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽), aged 30, is our non-executive Director. Mr. Zhu joined our Group in February 2021. Mr. Zhu
     has been the Vice President, at Hopson Development Holdings Limited (合生創展集團有限公司), a company listed on
     the Stock Exchange (stock code: 754) and a fellow subsidiary of Million Surplus Developments Limited (i.e., both are
     controlled corporations of Sounda Properties Limited), since July 2021. Mr. Zhu has served as a non-executive director
     at Ping An Healthcare and Technology Company Limited (平安健康醫療科技有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 1833), since December 2021. Mr. Zhu served as a non-executive director, the chairman of the
     Risk Control Committee and the member of the Strategy Committee at Genertec Universal Medical Group Company
     Limited (通用環球醫療集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2666), from July 2021
     to November 2025. Mr. Zhu was an assistant to the strategic committee director at Hopson Development Holdings
     Limited (合生創展集團有限公司). Mr. Zhu received his bachelor’s degree majoring in information management and
     information systems from the Beijing Institute of Technology (北京理工大學) in China in June 2017. Mr. Zhu is a
     nephew of Mr. Chu Mang Yee (朱孟依), a substantial shareholder of the Company.




36   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                 Directors and Senior Management


Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉), aged 63, is our independent non-executive Director and members of the Nomination
Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance
Committee. Ms. Shao joined our Group in June 2023. Ms. Shao has been the Executive Dean of the Institute of Drug
Regulatory Sciences, China Pharmaceutical University, in charge of regulatory science disciplines and research, since
October 2021. Ms. Shao is or has been an independent director of several listed corporations, including being an
independent director of Jiangsu GDK Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (江蘇金迪克生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688670), since June 2020, an independent non-executive director of
Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (阿里健康信息技術有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 241), since August 2023, an independent director of Shanghai Innostar Bio-tech
Co., Ltd. (上海益諾思生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688710),
since December 2023, and an independent director of Hainan Haiyao Co., Ltd.（海南海藥股份有限公司）, a company
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000566), since July 2025. From June 2021 to June 2024, Ms. Shao
was an independent director of I-Mab, a company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: IMAB). Ms. Shao received her
bachelor’s degree in medicinal chemistry from Nanjing College of Pharmacy (南京藥學院) (now China Pharmaceutical
University (中國藥科大學)) in China in July 1983, her second bachelor’s degree in law was from Nanjing University in
China in July 1989, and a PhD in Pharmacy from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University (瀋陽藥科大學) in China in July
2010. Ms. Shao is a qualified lawyer, licenced by the Jiangsu Justice Department (江蘇司法廳) in 2009.

Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉), aged 53, is our independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the
Remuneration Committee, and members of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Environmental, Social
and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Sun joined our Group in June 2023. Mr. Sun has been the chairman of
VSP Private Fund Management (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. (維世私募基金管理（珠海）有限公司) since December 2020, and
the chairman of VSP Investment Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (維世投資諮詢（深圳）有限公司) since August 2021.
Mr. Sun assumed various positions at Qunar Cayman Islands Limited, a mobile and online travel platform listed on
Nasdaq until February 2017. Mr. Sun currently holds positions in various listed companies, namely an independent
director of iQIYI Inc. (愛奇藝), a company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: IQ) since March 2018, an independent
director of Yiren Digital Ltd. (宜人金科), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: YRD) since
December 2015, and an independent non-executive director of JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (京東工業股份有限公
司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 7618) since December 2025. Mr. Sun has also served as an
independent director and the chairman of the Audit Committee of Antalpha Platform Holding Co., a company listed
on Nasdaq (stock symbol: ANTA) since May 2025. From August 2014 to July 2021, Mr. Sun acted as an independent
non-executive director of CAR Inc. (神州租車有限公司), a company formerly listed on the Stock Exchange until July
2021. From March 2018 to July 2019, Mr. Sun served as an independent director of Sunlands Technology Group
(formerly known as Sunlands Online Education Group), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock
symbol: STG). From September 2010 to May 2019, Mr. Sun served as an independent director of Fang Holdings
Limited (formerly known as SouFun Holdings Limited), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock
symbol: SFUN). From March 2021 to May 2025, Mr. Sun served as an independent director of Zhihu Inc. (知乎), a
company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2390) and the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: ZH). Mr.
Sun received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Beijing Institute of Technology in China in July
1993. Mr. Sun was also awarded his PRC certified public accountant (non-practicing member) certificate from the
Beijing Institute of Certified Public Accountants (北京註冊會計師協會).




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   37
     Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強), aged 49, is our independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the Audit
     Committee and Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Committee, and members of the Remuneration
     Committee and Nomination Committee. Mr. Zhao joined our Group in June 2023. Mr. Zhao has been an independent
     non-executive director of Beisen Holding Limited (北森控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 9669) since March 2023, GOGOX Holdings Limited (快狗打車控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 2246) since August 2021, Li Auto Inc. (理想汽車), a company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol:
     LI) and the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2015) since July 2020, and an independent director of HUYA Inc. (虎牙直播), a
     company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: HUYA) since May 2018. From June 2018 to May 2023,
     he was an executive director and the chief financial officer of Bairong Inc. (百融雲創), a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 6608), and from August 2013 to October 2014, he was the vice president of finance at Fang
     Holdings Limited, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: SFUN). Mr. Zhao formerly served
     as an assistant Chief Auditor on the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, in 2009. Mr. Zhao received his
     bachelor’s degree in accounting from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in China in July 1999, and his master’s degree in
     accountancy from George Washington University in Washington D.C., the United States, in May 2001.

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Buzhen Zhang is our executive Director, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. See “– Executive
     Directors” for Mr. Zhang’s biography.

     Mr. Fei Chen is our executive Director and Chief Financial Officer. See “– Executive Directors” for Mr. Chen’s
     biography.

     Mr. Haodong Xiao (肖浩東), aged 52, is our Vice President. Mr. Xiao joined our Group in December 2018. Aside
     from our Group, Mr. Xiao previously held positions with Xi’an Janssen Pharmaceutical Ltd. (西安楊森製藥有限公司),
     including as the Commercial Regional Sales Director, South, responsible for southern region dealers and market
     management, from January 1999 to December 2013. From January 2014 to February 2017, Mr. Xiao worked as the
     general manager of Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Corporation’s Popular Drug Sales Branch (廣州醫藥有限公司大眾
     藥品銷售分公司). Following this, from March 2017 to November 2018, Mr. Xiao joined Johnson & Johnson Medical
     (Shanghai) Ltd. (強生（上海）醫療器材有限公司) as the Director of Channel Management, responsible for company-
     wide commercial channels management. Mr. Xiao received his certification in culinary and hospitality enterprise
     management (餐旅企業管理) from Shenzhen University in China in June 1993 and his MBA in business management
     from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2011.

     Mr. Zhuoqi Chen (陳焯杞), aged 47, is our Chief Technology Officer as well as a director of our subsidiary Leyou
     Investment Limited. Mr. Chen joined our Group in January 2015. From November 2009 to May 2013, Mr. Chen worked
     at New Post Telecommunication Equipment Co., Ltd. (新郵通信設備有限公司), and from June 2013 to January 2015, as
     system architect at Vtron Group Co., Ltd. (威創集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen stock exchange
     (stock code: 002308) (formerly known as 廣東威創視訊科技股份有限公司). Mr. Chen received his Bachelor of Science
     degree (majoring in applied physics) from the Southeast University (東南大學) in China in June 2001.




38   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                  Directors and Senior Management


COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Fei Chen is a joint company secretary of our Company. See “– Executive Directors” for Mr. Chen’s biography.

Ms. Emily Fung (馮慧森), also known as Ms. Fung Wai Sum, is a joint company secretary of our Company. Ms. Fung is
a Senior Manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited (a member of Vistra Group), a global professional
services provider specialising in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Fung has over 20 years
of experience in the corporate secretarial field. She has been providing professional corporate services to Hong
Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore companies. Ms. Fung is currently the company
secretary/joint company secretary of various listed companies on the Stock Exchange, namely FriendTimes Inc. (友
誼時光股份有限公司) (stock code: 6820), Tongdao Liepin Group (同道獵聘集團) (stock code: 6100), Greenland Hong
Kong Holdings Limited (綠地香港控股有限公司) (stock code: 337), Shenzhen Neptunus Interlong Bio-technique
Company Limited (深圳市海王英特龍生物技術股份有限公司) (stock code: 8329), China ZhengTong Auto Services
Holdings Limited (中國正通汽車服務控股有限公司) (stock code: 1728), ClouDr Group Limited (stock code: 9955) and
Migao Group Holdings Limited (米高集團控股有限公司) (stock code: 9879). Ms. Fung is a Chartered Secretary, a
Chartered Governance Professional and an Associate of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and
The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom. Ms. Fung obtained her master’s degree in professional
accounting and corporate governance from City University of Hong Kong in November 2008.

Changes in Director’s Information

Changes in Director’s information is set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51(B) of the Listing Rules:

1)     Mr. Ziyang Zhu ceased to act as a non-executive director, the chairman of the Risk Control Committee and a
       member of the Strategy Committee at Genertec Universal Medical Group Company Limited (通用環球醫療集
       團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2666) with effect from November 2025.

2)     Ms. Rong Shao has served as an independent director of Hainan Haiyao Co., Ltd.（海南海藥股份有限公司）, a
       company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000566) since July 2025.

3)     Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun has served as an independent non-executive director of JINGDONG Industrials, Inc.
       (京東工業股份有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 7618) since December 2025.
       Mr. Sun has also served as an independent director and the chairman of the Audit Committee of Antalpha
       Platform Holding Co., a company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: ANTA) since May 2025.

Save as disclosed above, there is no other change in information of Directors required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the last published interim report.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   39
     Other Information


     DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

     Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
     and Debentures of the Company or Any of Its Associated Corporations

     As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in any
     of our Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)), as recorded in the register
     required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or as otherwise
     notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

     Interest in the Company

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                   Number of              percentage of      Long position/
       Name of Director                 Capacity/Nature of interest           ordinary Shares                  holding(1)    Short position


       Mr. Buzhen Zhang(2)              Interest in a controlled                    125,316,184                     18.40%   Long position
                                           corporation
                                        Interest of spouse                            5,400,000                     0.79%    Long position
       Mr. Fei Chen(3)                  Beneficial owner                              9,150,000                     1.34%    Long position

     Notes:

     (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 681,196,858 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2025.

     (2)      Represents (i) 125,316,184 Shares held by MIYT Holdings Limited, a company controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited, which in turn
              is wholly owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director; and (ii) 4,800,000 Shares underlying options granted
              under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and 600,000 Shares granted under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, both held by Ms. Xiaoye Xu,
              the spouse of Mr. Zhang. Under the SFO, Mr. Zhang is deemed to be interested in the entire interests of MIYT Holdings Limited and
              Ms. Xu in our Company.

     (3)      Represents (i) 5,300,000 Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Chen under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan; and (ii) 3,850,000
              Shares.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, so far as is known to any Director or the chief executive of the
     Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company has any interest or short position in the
     Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
     SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code.




40   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                       Other Information


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares

As at 31 December 2025, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief
executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in our Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance:

                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                 Number of        percentage of     Long position/
 Name of Shareholder         Capacity/Nature of interest    ordinary Shares            holding(1)   Short position


 MIYT Holdings Limited(2)    Beneficial owner                  125,316,184               18.40%     Long position
 MIYT Worldwide Limited(2)   Interest of a controlled           125,316,184               18.40%    Long position
                                corporation
 TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(2)        Interest of a controlled           125,316,184              18.40%     Long position
                                corporation
 Buzhen Zhang(2)(3)          Interest of a controlled           125,316,184              18.40%     Long position
                                corporation
                             Interest of spouse                   5,400,000                0.79%    Long position
 Million Surplus             Beneficial owner                   63,324,784                9.30%     Long position
   Developments Limited(4)
 Meta Group Limited(4)     Interest of a controlled              63,324,784                9.30%    Long position
                              corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology Interest of a controlled               63,324,784                9.30%    Long position
    Holdings Limited (4)      corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology Interest of a controlled               63,324,784                9.30%    Long position
    Investment Limited (4)    corporation
 Sounda Hopson Investment Interest of a controlled               63,324,784                9.30%    Long position
    Holdings Limited (4)      corporation
 Sounda Properties         Beneficial owner                     16,400,000                2.41%     Long position
    Limited(4)             Interest of a controlled              63,324,784                9.30%    Long position
                              corporation
 Chu Mang Yee(4)           Interest of a controlled              79,724,784              11.70%     Long position
                              corporation
 H Capital V, L.P.(5)
                           Beneficial owner                     55,831,444                8.20%     Long position
 H Capital V GP, L.P.(5)   Interest of a controlled              55,831,444                8.20%    Long position
                              corporation
 H Capital V GP, Ltd.(5)   Interest of a controlled              55,831,444                8.20%    Long position
                              corporation
 Xiaohong Chen(5)          Interest of a controlled              55,831,444                8.20%    Long position
                              corporation




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   41
     Other Information


                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                      Number of              percentage of        Long position/
       Name of Shareholder               Capacity/Nature of interest             ordinary Shares                  holding(1)      Short position


       Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.(6) Nominee for another person                         53,497,200                      7.85%       Long position
       Internet Fund Holding V.     Interest of a controlled                           53,497,200                      7.85%      Long position
          Ltd.(6)                      corporation
       Tiger Global Private         Beneficial owner                                    53,497,200                     7.85%      Long position
          Investment Partners XI,
          L.P. (6)
       Tiger Global Management      Investment manager                                  53,497,200                     7.85%      Long position
          LLC  (6)


       Tiger Global PIP Performance Interest of a controlled                            53,497,200                     7.85%      Long position
          XI, L.P. (6)                 corporation
       Charles P. Coleman III(6)    Interest of a controlled                            53,497,200                     7.85%      Long position
                                       corporation

     Notes:

     (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 681,196,858 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2025.

     (2)      MIYT Holdings Limited is controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited which in turn is the holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman)
              Ltd., the trustee of a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Buzhen
              Zhang, TMF (Cayman) Ltd. and MIYT Worldwide Limited is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by MIYT Holdings
              Limited.

     (3)      Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, is interested in (i) 4,800,000 Shares underlying options granted under the 2019
              Share Incentive Plan; and (ii) 600,000 Shares granted under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan. By virtue of Part XV of the SFO, Mr. Buzhen
              Zhang is deemed to be interested in the entire interest of Ms. Xiaoye Xu in our Company.

     (4)      Million Surplus Developments Limited is wholly owned by Meta Group Limited which is in turn controlled by Sounda Hopson
              Technology Holdings Limited and by Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited. Both Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings
              Limited and Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited are wholly owned by Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings Limited
              which is turn is wholly owned by Sounda Properties Limited. Sounda Properties Limited is controlled by Mr. Chu Mang Yee.
              Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Chu Mang Yee, Sounda Properties Limited, Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings
              Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited and Meta Group Limited is
              deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Million Surplus Developments Limited.

     (5)      H Capital V GP, L.P. is the general partner of H Capital V, L.P. H Capital V GP, Ltd. is the general partner of H Capital V GP, L.P. and
              is controlled by Ms. Xiaohong Chen. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Ms. Xiaohong Chen, H Capital V GP, Ltd. and H
              Capital V GP, L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by H Capital V, L.P.

     (6)      Internet Fund V Pte. Ltd. is wholly owned by Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd., which is in turn controlled by Tiger Global Private
              Investment Partners XI, L.P., whose general partner is Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and is wholly owned by Tiger Global
              Management, LLC. Both Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and Tiger Global Management, LLC are controlled by Mr. Charles
              P. Coleman III. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Charles P. Coleman III, Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P., Tiger
              Global Management, LLC, Tiger Global Private Investment Partners XI, L.P. and Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd. is deemed to be
              interested in all of the Shares held by Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025 based on publicly available information, no other person (other
     than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying
     Shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
     3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or which were required to be entered in the register required to
     be kept under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.




42   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                             Other Information


SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

Details of Share Incentive Plans of our Company

Overview

Adoption

The Company had two share incentive plans in effect during the Reporting Period: (a) the 2019 Share Incentive Plan,
which was adopted before Listing and does not constitute a share scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules and under which we may not grant any new incentive units (or awards) after Listing; and (b) the 2023 Share
Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Plans”), which was adopted immediately prior to Listing and constitutes a share
scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

Purpose of the Plans

The purpose of both Plans is to, among others, attract and retain talent, provide incentives to participants under the
Plans and to promote the success of business of the Group by aligning the personal interests of participants with
those of shareholders of the Company.

Awards

Under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan, we were able to grant options, unit purchase rights, or unit awards, with each
option/unit entitling the holder to receive two Shares. Following the Listing, we have ceased granting any new
incentive units (or awards) under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan. Under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, we are able to
grant options or restrictive share units (each being an award), with each entitling the holder to receive one newly issued
or existing Share.

Further details of the Plans

The following table summarises the material terms of the Plans. For further information about the 2019 Share
Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-15 to IV-16 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus. For further information about the
2023 Share Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-19 to IV-28 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

980,000 new Shares, representing approximately 0.14% of the weighted average of issued share capital (excluding
any treasury Shares) of the Company, may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted during the
Reporting Period to eligible participants pursuant to the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.




                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   43
     Other Information


                                              2019 Share Incentive Plan               2023 Share Incentive Plan


      Scheme mandate limit                    47,772,984 Shares                       63,235,005 new Shares; and subject
                                                                                      to an annual limit of 5% of the total
                                                                                      issued shares immediately upon
                                                                                      Listing, for awards over existing
                                                                                      Shares (which is automatically
                                                                                      refreshed on 1 January of each year
                                                                                      up to 5% of the total issued share
                                                                                      number on 31 December of the
                                                                                      previous year, and which may be
                                                                                      adjusted by the Board from time to
                                                                                      time).

      Service provider sublimit               N/A                                     1,264,700 new Shares

      Number of options and awards            No further grant of awards would be     As at 1 January 2025, 48,208,655
      (either to be satisfied by new Shares   made under the 2019 Share Incentive     Award Shares (to be satisfied by
      or existing Shares) available for       Plan after Listing. As at 1 January     new Shares) were available for grant
      grant under the scheme mandate          2025 and 31 December 2025, the          under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.
      and the service provider sublimit (if   aggregate number of underlying
      applicable) at the beginning and the    Shares pursuant to the outstanding      During the Reporting Period, 980,000
      end of the financial year               options granted under the 2019          Award Shares (to be satisfied by
                                              Share Incentive Plan were 30,542,723    new Shares) had been granted and
                                              and 28,401,072 Shares, respectively.    838,673 Award Shares had lapsed
                                                                                      pursuant to the 2023 Share Incentive
                                                                                      Plan.

                                                                                      As at 31 December 2025, the total
                                                                                      number of Shares available for grant
                                                                                      under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan
                                                                                      was 48,067,328 Shares.

      Number of Shares available for issue    28,401,072 Shares, representing         53,405,163 Shares, representing
      (i.e., new Shares) pursuant to awards   4.14% of the Company’s total issued     7.79% of the Company’s total issued
      granted and ungranted under the         share number (excluding treasury        share number (excluding treasury
      plan                                    Shares) as at the date of the annual    Shares) as at the date of the annual
                                              report, all of which represent awards   report.
      (assuming no granted awards have        already granted prior to Listing.
      lapsed or are cancelled or satisfied
      in a manner other than issuing new
      shares)




44   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                 Other Information


                              2019 Share Incentive Plan                 2023 Share Incentive Plan


Eligible participants         Eligibility is determined by the plan     Eligibility is determined by the plan
                              administrator, and includes:              administrator, and includes, for
                                                                        grants over new Shares:
                              • employees, director or consultant
                                (collectively, “service providers”),    • directors and employees of the
                                or trusts or companies established        Company and its subsidiaries
                                in connection with an employee            (“employee participants”);
                                benefit plan of our Company
                                (including this plan) for the benefit   • directors and employees of our
                                of a service provider. Employees          parent and a fellow subsidiary
                                and directors refer to our Group,         or associated company of
                                our parent or an affiliate of our         the Company (“related entity
                                Company. Consultant refers to             participants”); and
                                an entity that is engaged by our
                                Group or our parent to provide          • service providers that, in the
                                and is compensated for providing          opinion of the plan administrator,
                                consulting or advisory services.          provide services to the Group on
                                                                          a continuing or recurring basis
                                                                          in our ordinary and usual course
                                                                          of business and that are in the
                                                                          interests of the long-term growth
                                                                          of the Group or to which grants
                                                                          of awards under the 2023 Share
                                                                          Incentive Plan would be in the
                                                                          interest of the Company and our
                                                                          shareholders as a whole, and shall
                                                                          include those identified on page
                                                                          IV-20 and IV-21 of Appendix IV
                                                                          to the Prospectus (the “service
                                                                          provider participants”).

                                                                        Eligibility is determined by the
                                                                        plan administrator, and includes,
                                                                        but is not limited to, for grants
                                                                        over existing Shares, employee
                                                                        participants, related entity
                                                                        participants and service provider
                                                                        participants.

Maximum entitlement of each   None                                      None; however, grants over new
participant                                                             Shares may be subject to additional
                                                                        approval requirements as specified
                                                                        under Rules 17.04 and 17.03D of the
                                                                        Listing Rules.




                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   45
     Other Information


                                             2019 Share Incentive Plan              2023 Share Incentive Plan


      Exercise period for options            10 years from date of grant.           For grants over new Shares: 10 years
                                                                                    from date of grant; for grants over
                                                                                    existing Shares: none.

      Vesting period                         A period to be determined by the       For grants over new Shares: a
                                             plan administrator.                    minimum of 12 months from the
                                                                                    date of grant, except limited
                                                                                    circumstances set out on page IV-24
                                                                                    of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

                                                                                    For grants over existing Shares: no
                                                                                    restrictions under the 2023 Share
                                                                                    Incentive Plan.

      Consideration payable for accepting    None, unless otherwise specified by    None, unless otherwise specified by
      a grant                                the plan administrator.                the plan administrator.

      Basis of determining the exercise      None, unless otherwise specified by    For grants of options over new
      price of options                       the plan administrator.                Shares: at a price specified by the
                                                                                    administrator, provided that the
                                                                                    exercise price shall be the higher
                                                                                    of: (i) closing price of the Shares as
                                                                                    stated in the daily quotations sheet
                                                                                    issued by the Stock Exchange on
                                                                                    the grant date; and (ii) the average
                                                                                    closing price of the Shares as stated
                                                                                    in the daily quotations sheets
                                                                                    issued by the Stock Exchange for
                                                                                    the five business days immediately
                                                                                    preceding the grant date.

      Basis of determining the purchase      None, unless otherwise specified by    None, unless otherwise specified by
      price of awards (other than options)   the plan administrator.                the plan administrator.

      Scheme life                            10 years from adoption date, with a    10 years from adoption date, with a
      (unless terminated earlier by          scheme life of approximately 3 years   scheme life of approximately 7 years
      the Board)                             remaining.                             remaining.




46   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                 Other Information


Details of grants made under the Plans

2019 Share Incentive Plan

The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding share options under the 2019 Share Incentive
Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards were made under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan that
ought to be disclosed in this annual report.

                                                                                                                                                                                     Number                  Fair value Weighted
                                                                                                                Number                                                              of Shares                of options   average
                                                                                                              of options                                            Number        underlying      Closing   on date of     closing
                                                                                                             outstanding      Number       Number       Number of options                 the    price of    grant and    price of
                                                                                                                    as at   of options   of options   of options outstanding     outstanding       Shares           the    Shares
                                                                                                               beginning      granted     exercised    forfeited    as at the         options immediately   accounting immediately
 Name or                                                      Vesting period                      Exercise             of   during the   during the   during the      end of     as at end of before the      standard before the
 category                                                     (from date of grant) and/              price Reporting        Reporting    Reporting    Reporting Reporting          Reporting      date of        policy   exercise
 of grantee(1)    Position/Relationship Date of grant         or performance target (2)        per Share (3)      Period        Period       Period       Period      Period           Period       grant    adopted (4)      date


 Fei Chen         Director, Chief          5 May 2022         Two-third of the outstanding         US$0.40      2,650,000           –            –            –      2,650,000     5,300,000         N/A         N/A          N/A
                      Financial Officer,                      options will be vested within
                      Joint Company                           4 years, and one-third of the
                      Secretary                               outstanding options will be
                                                              vested upon the completion of
                                                              the core projects


 Xiaoye Xu(5)     Chief Operation          1 October 2019 to 4 years                          US$0.525-1.00     2,400,000           –            –            –      2,400,000     4,800,000         N/A         N/A          N/A
                     Officer of Online        1 November 2021
                     Marketplace


 Employee participants in aggregate        1 July 2017 to     4 years                          US$0.14-1.00    10,171,362           –       866,576     204,250      9,100,536    18,201,072         N/A         N/A          9.63
                                               10 June 2023

 Service provider participants             1 January 2023     4 years                                   Nil        50,000           –            –            –        50,000        100,000         N/A         N/A          N/A
    (consultants) in aggregate


 Total                                                                                                        15,271,362            –      866,576     204,250 14,200,536 28,401,072




                                                                                                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   47
     Other Information


     Notes:

     (1)              With respect to each award granted, upon each vesting date, the portion of the award that vests shall depend on the grantee
                      meeting the vesting requirements, which are typically performance targets for a specified threshold in their performance evaluations
                      during the one-year period prior to the vesting date, or upon successful completion of specified projects.

     (2)              The exercise period of these options commences from the vesting date of the relevant options and ends on the tenth anniversary of
                      the grant date thereof, subject to the terms of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the share option agreement signed by the grantee.

     (3)              No consideration was payable by grantees for these share options.

     (4)              The fair value of share options was calculated according to the binomial option pricing model. The fair value was determined based
                      on a number of factors, including market conditions (e.g., share price volatility and fluctuations), the impact of any non-vesting
                      conditions (e.g., lock-up restrictions), and excluding any impact of service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g.,
                      profitability, sales growth targets, employment tenure). For the relevant accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 3
                      and Note 29 to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements”.

     (5)              Ms. Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former Director.


     2023 Share Incentive Plan

     The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding Award Shares over new Shares under the 2023
     Share Incentive Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards over new Shares were made under the
     2023 Share Incentive Plan that ought to be disclosed in this annual report.

                                                                                                                          Details of movements during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Fair value of
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Award
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Shares on      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                       Closing price date of grant        average
                                                                                                        Outstanding                                                  Outstanding          of Shares        and the    closing price
                                                                                                               as at     Granted       Exercised       Forfeited        as at the      immediately      accounting       of Shares
       Name or                                                          Vesting period                    beginning    during the     during the      during the             end of         before       standard     immediately
       category                                                         (from date of Performance       of Reporting   Reporting       Reporting       Reporting       Reporting           the date     and policy     before the
       of grantee        Position/Relationship       Date of grant      grant)             target            Period       Period          Period          Period             Period        of grant      adopted(7) exercise date


       Directors, Chief Executive, Substantial Shareholders and Associates
       Xiaoye Xu(8)      Chief Operation Officer of 6 November 2024 3 years                See Note 6        600,000           –         200,000               –             400,000           N/A            N/A         HK$8.52
                            Online Marketplace
       Other Grantees
       992 grantees      Employee participants       4 September 2023 2-4 years(1)         See Note 6      2,269,750           –         852,700         182,350        1,234,700              N/A            N/A        HK$10.34
       618 grantees      Employee participants       6 February 2024    1-4 years    (2)
                                                                                           See Note 6      9,827,400           –        4,355,242        626,323        4,845,835              N/A            N/A         HK$5.91
       1 grantee         Service provider participant 6 February 2024   2 years(3)         See Note 6        120,000           –          60,000               –              60,000           N/A            N/A         HK$5.91
       35 grantees       Employee participants       6 November 2024 1-4 years(4)          See Note 6      1,228,000           –         488,000           30,000            710,000           N/A            N/A         HK$8.71
       10 grantees       Employee participants       3 April 2025       2-3 years(5)       See Note 6            Nil     980,000               –               –         980,000           HK$8.26        HK$8.26             N/A


       Total                                                                                             14,045,150      980,000       5,955,942        838,673        8,230,535




48   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                             Other Information


Notes:

(1)      627,900 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; and 3,190,100 Award Shares
         shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was payable on the grant of
         these Award Shares.

(2)      1,462,500 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 3,275,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on
         annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; 5,655,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years equally on annual basis in arrears
         from the date of grant; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant.
         No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(3)      120,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was
         payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(4)      2,000 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 444,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years from the date of grant
         equally on an annual basis in arrears; 600,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years from the date of grant equally on an annual
         basis in arrears; 30,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 26 March 2025 and 50% to be vested on 26
         March 2026; 130,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on 21 July 2025 and 50% to be vested on 21 July
         2026; 12,000 Award Shares shall vest in three batches with one-third to be vested on 7 July 2025, one-third to be vested on 7 July
         2026 and one-third to be vested on 7 July 2027; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest in four batches, with 25% to be vested on 11 July
         2025, 25% to be vested on 11 July 2026, 25% to be vested on 11 July 2027 and 25% to be vested on 11 July 2028.

(5)      980,000 Award Shares shall vest between 3 April 2026 and 3 April 2028. The period between the grant date and the first vesting date
         is more than 12 months. No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(6)      Each vesting of the award Shares granted to the award grantees will be subject to the individual annual performance targets as
         stipulated in the respective grant letters entered into by each award grantee and the Company. These performance targets are
         set against certain benchmarks in which the individual grantee achieves, including but not limited to annual sales target, and
         various project milestone achievements, etc. The vesting percentage of the award Shares will be adjusted based on his/her annual
         performance evaluation at each vesting.

(7)      The fair value of Award Shares was determined based on the market price of the Company’s Shares at the grant date. For the
         relevant accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 3 and Note 29 to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial
         Statements”.

(8)      Ms. Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former Director.




                                                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025    49
     Corporate Governance Report


     The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for FY 2025.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate
     governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of shareholders
     and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

     During FY 2025, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG Code
     contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules except for the deviation as set out below.

     Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, the roles of chairman and chief executive to
     be separate and not to be performed by the same person. Our Company deviates from this provision as Mr. Buzhen
     Zhang performs both the roles of Chairman of our Board and the Chief Executive Officer of our Company. Mr. Zhang is
     the founder of the Company and a substantial shareholder, and has extensive experience in the business operations
     and management of our Group. Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive
     officer in Mr. Zhang has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and enables more effective
     and efficient overall strategic planning. This structure will enable our Company to make and implement decisions
     promptly and effectively. Our Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not be impaired due to
     this arrangement. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of our Board, including the
     relevant board committees, and our three independent non-executive Directors. Our Board will reassess the division
     of the roles of chairman and the chief executive officer from time-to-time, and may recommend dividing the two roles
     between different people in the future, taking into account the circumstances of our Group as a whole.

     Code provision C.3.2 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the functions reserved to the
     board and those delegated to management should be formalised. These arrangements should also be reviewed
     periodically to ensure that they remain appropriate to the issuer’s needs. The Company did not review periodically
     the arrangement regarding the functions reserved to the board and those delegated to management. However,
     when a matter arises that requires decision, the Board will determine whether it should be reserved for the Board or
     delegate to the management to deal with.

     The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
     with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.

     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own securities
     dealing code to regulate all dealings by Directors and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other
     matters covered by the Model Code.

     Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the Model
     Code during the Reporting Period. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the relevant employees has
     been noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.




50   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board Composition

During the Reporting Period, our Board comprised two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three
independent non-executive Directors.

For details on the members of the Board and their biographies, see “Directors and Senior Management” of this
annual report.

Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors and members of senior management are related to other
Directors or members of senior management.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Buzhen Zhang. Please refer to “Corporate
Governance Practices” above for further details.

Board Meetings, Committee Meetings and General Meetings

During the Reporting Period, the Company held six Board meetings, three Audit Committee meetings and one
Remuneration Committee meeting, three Nomination Committee meetings, one Environmental, Social and
Corporate Governance Committee meeting and one annual general meeting. The Company will fully/continue
to comply with code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code to hold Board meetings at least four times a year, and at
approximately quarterly intervals.

A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at the Board meetings and committee meetings during the
Reporting Period is set out in the following table below:

                                                Meetings Attended/Meetings Held during Tenure of Office
                                                                                                          Environmental,
                                                                                                               Social and
                                                                                                              Corporate
                                              Remuneration     Nomination          Audit                    Governance
                                    Board       Committee      Committee       Committee         General     Committee
 Name of Director                meeting(s)     meeting(s)      meeting(s)     meeting(s)      meeting(s)     meeting(s)


 Executive Directors
 Mr. Buzhen Zhang                       6/6              –             3/3              –             1/1              –
 Mr. Fei Chen                           6/6              –               –              –             1/1              –

 Non-executive Director
 Mr. Ziyang Zhu                         6/6              –               –              –             1/1              –

 Independent Non-executive
    Directors
 Ms. Rong Shao                          6/6            1/1             1/1            3/3             1/1             1/1
 Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun                     6/6            1/1             3/3            3/3             1/1             1/1
 Mr. Hongqiang Zhao                     6/6            1/1             3/3            3/3             1/1             1/1




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   51
     Corporate Governance Report


     Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman of our Board also held one meeting with the independent non-
     executive Directors without the presence of the other executive Director during the Reporting Period.

     Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors

     During the Reporting Period, the Board had at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the
     appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of
     whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

     The Company confirms that it considers the independent non-executive Directors to be independent pursuant to
     Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

     The non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) of the Company are appointed for a
     specific term of 3 years, subject to renewal after the expiry of the then current term.

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are laid down in the articles of
     association of the Company. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the composition of the Board,
     developing and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of Directors, monitoring the
     appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors and assessing the independence of independent
     non-executive Directors.

     At every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number
     is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office
     by rotation, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A
     retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the annual general meeting at which he/she retires and shall be
     eligible for re-election thereat. The articles of association of the Company also provide that all Directors appointed
     to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the annual general meeting
     after their appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

     Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management

     The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for
     directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
     down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
     and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

     All Directors, including non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
     spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge, and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
     functioning.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
     independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
     duties to the Company.

     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.




52   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities
relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing, and coordinating the daily operation and management of
the Company are delegated to the management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors

All Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills to ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

Every newly appointed Director should receive formal, comprehensive, and tailored induction on the first occasion of
his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full
awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for the Directors would be arranged and reading materials
on relevant topics would be provided to the Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend
relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.

During the Reporting Period, all Directors had participated in continuous professional development in the following
manner in compliance with code provision C.1 of the CG Code:

                                                                                                                Types of training


 Executive Directors
 Mr. Buzhen Zhang                                                                                                               A, B
 Mr. Fei Chen                                                                                                                   A, B

 Non-executive Director
 Mr. Ziyang Zhu                                                                                                                 A, B

 Independent non-executive Directors
 Ms. Rong Shao                                                                                                                  A, B
 Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun                                                                                                             A, B
 Mr. Hongqiang Zhao                                                                                                             A, B

Note:

Types of Training

A.      Attending training sessions, including but not limited to briefings, seminars and/or conferences, on various topics, such as on
        Listing Rules and Hong Kong law compliance, directors’ duties, risk management and internal controls, corporate governance,
        environmental, social and governance requirements, etc.

B.      Reading relevant news alerts, newspaper articles, journals and relevant publications on various topics, such as on industry and
        business updates, Hong Kong law compliance, etc.


For the year ended 31 December 2025, all of the Directors participated in a training session on directors’ duties,
responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and the SFO.




                                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025    53
     Corporate Governance Report


     Directors’ and Officers’ Liabilities Insurance

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of legal
     actions against Directors, officers and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities. See
     also “Permitted Indemnity” on page 29 of this annual report.

     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the
     Nomination Committee, and the Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Committee, for overseeing
     particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is established with defined written terms of
     reference. Copies of these terms of reference are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

      Board Committee               Chairman (C)/Members        Description and summary of work performed


      Audit Committee               Independent                 The purpose of this committee is to assist and advise
                                      non-executive Directors   the Board in establishing formal and transparent
                                    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (C)      arrangements to consider how the Board should apply
                                    Ms. Rong Shao               financial reporting, risk management and internal control
                                    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun          principles and maintain an appropriate relationship with
                                                                the Company’s auditor.

                                                                Its scope of duties includes, among others, advising
                                                                on significant issues relating to the financial reporting,
                                                                operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness
                                                                of risk management and internal control systems and
                                                                internal audit function, recommending the appointment
                                                                of external auditors and engagement of non-audit
                                                                services and relevant scope of works.

                                                                It has reviewed, in respect of the year ended 31
                                                                December 2025, the interim financial results and report
                                                                for the period ended 30 June 2025, the annual financial
                                                                results and report for the year ended 31 December
                                                                2024 and significant issues on the financial reporting,
                                                                operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness
                                                                of the risk management and internal control systems
                                                                and internal audit function, appointment of external
                                                                auditors and engagement of non-audit services and
                                                                relevant scope of works, connected transactions and
                                                                arrangements for employees to raise concerns about
                                                                possible improprieties.




54   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                Corporate Governance Report


Board Committee          Chairman (C)/Members        Description and summary of work performed


Remuneration Committee   Independent                 The purpose of this committee is to make recommendations
                           non-executive Directors   to the Board on the policy and structure for the
                         Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (C)      remuneration of Directors and senior management,
                         Ms. Rong Shao               to establish a formal and transparent procedure for
                         Mr. Hongqiang Zhao          developing policy, to evaluate the performance of
                                                     Directors and senior management, to review and
                                                     approve the terms of and/or matters relating to incentive
                                                     schemes including share schemes under Chapter 17 of
                                                     the Listing Rules, and to ensure that such schemes and
                                                     arrangements comply with Chapter 17 of the Listing
                                                     Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements, so as
                                                     to maintain the compliance, fairness and transparency of
                                                     the incentive schemes.

                                                     Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing
                                                     proposed remuneration packages for Directors and
                                                     senior management, including their share incentive
                                                     packages, and making recommendations to the Board.

                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025, it has considered
                                                     and reviewed the existing remuneration policies and
                                                     structures, and reviewed and made recommendations
                                                     to the Board on the remuneration policy and the
                                                     remuneration packages (which includes the grant of
                                                     awards under the Company’s incentive schemes, where
                                                     applicable) of the Directors and senior management.

Nomination Committee     Executive Director          The purpose of this committee is to identify, consider
                         Mr. Buzhen Zhang (C)        and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates to
                         Independent                 serve as Directors, to oversee the process for evaluating
                           non-executive Directors   the performance of the Board, and to develop and
                         Ms. Rong Shao               recommend to the Board the nomination guidelines,
                         Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun          which shall be consistent with any applicable laws,
                         Mr. Hongqiang Zhao          regulations and listing standards.

                                                     Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing the
                                                     current Board composition at least annually, assisting the
                                                     Board in developing a board skills matrix, assessing diversity
                                                     and needs of the Board, and making recommendations
                                                     about future Director appointments.

                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025, it has conducted
                                                     an annual review of the Board Diversity Policy, the
                                                     Director Nomination Policy and the composition of
                                                     the Board, and reviewed the annual confirmation of
                                                     independence of the independent non-executive
                                                     Directors and assessed their independence.




                                                                                        YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   55
     Corporate Governance Report


      Board Committee                Chairman (C)/Members         Description and summary of work performed


      Environmental, Social and      Independent                  The purpose of this committee is to review and monitor
      Corporate Governance             non-executive Directors    the Company’s environmental, social and corporate
      Committee                      Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (C)       governance policies and practices to ensure compliance
                                     Ms. Rong Shao                with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements,
                                     Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun           monitor and respond to emerging ESG issues.

                                                                  Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing
                                                                  the ESG report prepared by the Company and making
                                                                  further ESG related suggestions and recommendations
                                                                  to the Board to further enhance ESG practices and
                                                                  achieve ESG targets of the Group.

                                                                  The key area of consideration performed by the
                                                                  committee for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                  includes reviewing the Company’s compliance with the
                                                                  Listing Rules with respect to ESG matters; analysing the
                                                                  current ESG status of the Company; and assessing the
                                                                  adequacy of the Company’s policies and practices on
                                                                  ESG matters.


     Other than Mr. Buzhen Zhang, who is the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and executive Director, the
     other members of the Board committees are all independent non-executive Directors.

     Director and Senior Management Remuneration

     Details of the Directors’ remuneration for FY 2025 are set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

     The remuneration of the senior management (other than Directors) of the Group by band for FY 2025 are:

      Remuneration Bands (HK$)                                                                       Number of Persons


      HK$3,000,001 – HK$3,500,000                                                                                          1
      HK$5,000,001 – HK$8,000,000                                                                                          1


      TOTAL                                                                                                                2




56   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report


BOARD POLICIES AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

Board Diversity Policy

The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out the approach to
achieve diversity of the Board. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and
sees increasing diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the
Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the
widest possible pool of available talent. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable
candidates to serve as a Director, the Nomination Committee will consider a number of aspects, including, but not
limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, and
industry and regional experience. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee will discuss
periodically and when necessary, agree on the measurable objectives for achieving diversity, including gender
diversity, on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption.

The Nomination Committee has conducted an annual review of the Board Diversity Policy to ensure its effectiveness.
The review results are satisfactory. The Nomination Committee and the Board consider that the current composition
of the Board is sufficiently diverse and has met the objectives set out in the Board Diversity Policy and provided the
Company with a good balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of
its business, and accordingly have not set other measurable objectives.

Gender Diversity

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. Currently, the Board has one female Director and
five male Directors, and the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, representing its senior management, is male. The Board
targeted to achieve and has achieved to have at least one female Director, and considers that the above current
gender diversity in the Board is satisfactory. The Board will continue to embrace gender diversity when making
future board appointments but no specific targets or timelines to further enhance gender diversity have been set as
the Board is of the view that all aspects of diversity should be considered as a whole in the selection of candidates
for directorship. The same approach to gender diversity at the Board level also applies to the Group’s workforce,
including its senior management. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group,
including the Board and senior management as at the date of this annual report:

                                                                                 Female                        Male
                                                                    Percentage (number)         Percentage (number)


 Board                                                                                16.7%                        83.3%
                                                                                          (1)                          (5)
 Senior management (Directors excluded)                                                0.0%                      100.0%
                                                                                          (0)                          (2)
 Other employees                                                                      42.1%                        57.9%
                                                                                     (2,921)                      (4,025)
 Overall (Directors and senior management included)                                   42.0%                        58.0%
                                                                                     (2,922)                      (4,032)




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   57
     Corporate Governance Report


     We will implement policy to ensure gender diversity when recruiting staff to develop a pipeline of female senior
     management and potential successors to the Board. We will strive to enhance our female representation and
     achieve appropriate balance of gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’ expectation and international
     and local recommended best practices. Furthermore, we continue to embrace gender diversity aimed at identifying
     and training our female staff who display leadership and potential, with the goal of promoting them to the senior
     management or the Board. However, our Company currently does not consider it appropriate to set any specific
     gender target for its workforce. As an equal opportunity employer, our Company also takes into account other
     relevant factors in its hiring decisions, and we believe the gender ratio of our current workforce is appropriate for our
     current business model and operational needs.

     Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report, which will be published at the same time as the publication of this annual report.

     Director Nomination Policy

     The Company has adopted a director nomination policy (the “Director Nomination Policy”) in accordance with the
     CG Code. The Director Nomination Policy sets out the selection criteria and process and the Board’s succession
     planning considerations in relation to nomination and appointment of Directors and aims to ensure that the Board
     has a balance of skills, experience, and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
     business.

     The Nomination Committee shall identify, consider, and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates to serve as
     Directors and make recommendations to the Shareholders. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment
     of Directors rests with the Board.

     The Director Nomination Policy sets out the non-exhaustive factors for assessing the suitability and the potential
     contribution to the Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:

     •       reputation for integrity;

     •       professional qualifications and skills;

     •       accomplishment and experience in the industry of the Company;

     •       commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

     •       independence of proposed independent non-executive Directors; and

     •       diversity of the Board in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
             background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge, and length of service.

     The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and
     re-election of Directors at general meetings.

     The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, from time to time and as appropriate, to
     ensure its effectiveness.




58   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report


Corporate Governance Function

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.

The Board would review the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies, and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure
in its Corporate Governance Report.

The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances
require provide updated written training materials relating to the roles, functions, and duties of a director of a
company listed on the Stock Exchange.

BOARD INDEPENDENCE EVALUATION MECHANISM

The Board has established mechanisms in accordance with the code provision B.1.3 of CG Code to ensure that
independent views and input from any Directors are conveyed to the Board. The Board includes a balanced
composition of executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors)
so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which enables it to effectively exercise independent
judgement. External independent professional advice is available as and when required by individual Directors. The
Board reviews annually the implementation and effectiveness of the board independence mechanisms, including but
not limited to assessing the independence of non-executive Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Board also evaluates its composition and independence with reference to the requirements under Listing Rules.

During FY 2025, the Board has completed the review for the implementation and effectiveness of the Board
independence evaluation mechanism and concluded that the results were satisfactory.

Dividend Policy

The Company has adopted a dividend policy on payment of dividends in accordance with the CG Code.

The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. According to the dividend policy, payment
of dividends depends on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and
surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Directors may deem relevant.
Dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial
year will be subject to the Shareholders’ approval.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   59
     Corporate Governance Report


     Additionally, we are a holding company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, the payment
     and amount of any future dividends will also depend on the availability of dividends received from our subsidiaries.
     PRC Laws require that dividends be paid only out of the profit for the year determined according to PRC accounting
     principles. PRC Laws also require companies to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits, if any, to fund its statutory
     reserves, which are not available for distribution as cash dividends. Dividend distribution to our Shareholders is
     recognised as a liability in the period in which the dividends are approved by our Shareholders or Directors, where
     appropriate. As advised by our Cayman Islands counsel, under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company
     may pay a dividend out of either profits or share premium account. Even if there are accumulated losses, a dividend
     may be paid out of the share premium account, provided that the memorandum and articles of association do not
     prohibit such payment. In no circumstances may a dividend be declared or paid if this would result in the company
     being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

     Directors’ Responsibility in Respect of the Financial Statements

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
     Reporting Period.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement of the independent auditor of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, about their reporting
     responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual
     report.

     Auditors’ Responsibility and Remuneration

     The Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the external auditor for the Reporting Period. A statement
     by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the
     Independent Auditors’ Report on pages 67 to 71.

     Details of the fees paid and payable in respect of the audit and non-audit services provided by Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu for FY 2025 are set out in the table below. The audit and audit related services conducted by the Auditor
     comprise of audit and review services for the Group. The non-audit services covered tax compliance services and
     ESG related assurance services.

                                                                                                               Total fees paid
      Services rendered to the Company                                                                           and payable
                                                                                                                     RMB’000


      Audit and audit related services                                                                                    4,950
      Non-audit service                                                                                                     800


      Total                                                                                                               5,750




60   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report


Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and
reviewing their effectiveness. The risk management and internal control measures are designed to manage rather
than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Company recognises that risk management is critical to the success of the business operation. Accordingly, we
have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems consisting
of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are dedicated
to continuously improving these systems. We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management
policies in various aspects of our business operations, such as financial reporting, information system, internal control,
and human resources, and have conducted regular (at least once a year) risk assessments to ensure the effective
operation of our risk assessment management and internal control systems. During the Reporting Period, the Board
conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of the Company
and considered the system effective and adequate. The annual review also covered the financial reporting and
internal audit function and staff qualifications, experiences and relevant resources.

The Audit Committee, and ultimately the Board, supervise the implementation of risk management policies. Risks
identified by management will be analysed on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly followed up
and mitigated by the Group and the Board.

Some notable areas of risk management focus include:

Financial Risk Management

We have in place a set of accounting policies in connection with our financial reporting risk management, such as
financial management policies, budget management policies, treasury management policies, tax management
policies and accounting manual. We have various procedures and IT systems in place to implement our accounting
policies, and our finance department reviews our management accounts based on such procedures. We also provide
diverse training programs tailored for our finance department employees to ensure that they understand our financial
management and accounting policies and implement them in our daily operations.

Information System Risk Management

We have implemented a network of process and software controls to protect individual personal information and
privacy. We encrypt data in network transmission. For back-end storage, we also use various encryption technologies
at software and hardware levels to protect sensitive data. To minimise the risk of data loss or leakage, we conduct
regular data backup and data recovery tests. We collect and process data and narrowly tailor their usage to the
extent possible. In particular:

•      Data Collection. We collect and process data and narrowly tailor their usage to the extent possible.




                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   61
     Corporate Governance Report


     •      Data Security and Privacy. We prioritise data security and privacy by strictly following our defined policy.
            We have a dedicated team to enforce our privacy practises. We have completed the grading and filing
            for our primary business information systems under China’s Multiple-level Protection System according to
            the Administrative Measures for the Graded Protection of Information Security (《信息安全等級保護管理
            辦法》). We have established a coordination mechanism with third parties to handle information security
            threats in a timely manner. We have established company-wide policies to cover various aspects of network
            security and data privacy and protection. We have adopted and implemented various cybersecurity and data
            protection policies which set out technical and organisation measures to protect users’ data privacy and
            security, including: Guidelines for Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment (《個人信息保護影響
            評估指引》), Guidelines for Vendor Data Protection Management (《供應商數據保護管理指引》), Network and
            Data Security Management Policy (《網絡及數據安全管理制度》), Emergency Response Plan for Network and
            Personal Data Security Incidents (《網絡與個人信息安全事件應急預案》), Network Failure Operation Manual
            (《網絡故障操作手冊》), Information Security Operation Protocol (《信息安全操作規範》), Account Password
            Management Policy (《賬號口令管理制度》), Response Plan for Business System Disaster (《業務系統整體災難
            應急預案》), Confidentiality Provisions (《保密條款》), Confidentiality Grading Management Protocol (《保密
            分級管理規範》) and the requirements on data breach and destruction of important files and data in our YSB
            Employee Handbook (《藥師幫員工手冊》). We have also promulgated and issued the Confidentiality and File
            Management System for Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings (《境外發行證券和上市相關保密和檔案管理工
            作制度》) and the Guidelines for the Provision of Due Diligence Data for Overseas Listings Projects (《境外上市
            項目盡調數據提供指引》) to meet the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, including the Regulations
            on Strengthening Confidentiality and File Management for Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings of
            Domestic Enterprises (《關於加強境內企業境外發行證券和上市相關保密和檔案管理工作的規定》). We have an
            internal team dedicated to formulating data protection policy and monitoring data security practices, and we
            hold relevant personnel accountable for unauthorised access and data breaches. We strictly comply with laws
            and regulations and do not distribute or sell personal data for any illegal or unauthorised purpose.

     •       Information Security Measures. At the enterprise level, we established a systematic and universal account
             authorisation and management mechanism based on which we periodically review the status of accounts
             and the related authorisation information. We regularly perform security configuration assessment on our
             databases and servers and implement procedures for system log management. We have put in place a series
             of back-up management procedures. We set the frequency and time interval of back-up plans. We require
             that at least one of our back-up plans, such as local server back-up and offsite back-up, must be followed. We
             perform data recovery tests on a regular basis, and we retain relevant records. We provide information security
             training to our employees and conduct ongoing trainings, and we discuss any issues or necessary updates
             from time to time. We also have an emergency response mechanism to evaluate critical risks, formulate
             disaster response plans and perform emergency drills on a regular basis. Our information security department
             is responsible for ensuring that the usage, maintenance, and protection of data are in compliance with our
             internal rules and the applicable laws and regulations.

     Internal Control Risk Management

     We have designed and adopted strict internal procedures to ensure the compliance of our business operations with
     the relevant rules and regulations. Our internal control team works closely with our business units to (i) perform risk
     assessments and give advice on risk management strategies; (ii) improve business process efficiency and monitor
     internal control effectiveness; and (iii) promote risk awareness throughout our Company.




62   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report


With regards to the management of legal and compliance risks, our in-house legal department performs the basic
function of reviewing and updating the form of contracts we enter into with our consumers, merchants and relevant
third parties. Our legal department examines the contract terms and reviews relevant documents for our business
operations, and the necessary underlying due diligence materials, before we enter into any contract or business
arrangements. In addition, our quality control teams under each business group are also responsible for reviewing
the licences and permits of the relevant counterparties and proposed commercial terms before we enter into any
contract or business arrangements. Our in-house legal department reviews our services for regulatory compliance
before they are made available to the general public. Our in-house legal department and administrative department
are responsible for obtaining any requisite governmental pre-approvals or consents, including preparing and
submitting all necessary documents for filing with relevant government authorities within the prescribed regulatory
timelines.

We have also developed disclosure procedures which provide general guidance for the Company’s Directors, senior
management and relevant employees on handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and
responding to enquiries. The Company has implemented internal procedures to prevent any unauthorized access
and use of inside information.

We review the implementation of our risk management policies and measures annually to ensure its policies and
implementation are effective and sufficient.

Human Resources Risk Management

We provide regular and specialised training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
have a training centre which regularly organises internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside
consultants on topics of interest that employees can vote on. The training centre schedules regular online and
classroom trainings, reviews the content of the trainings, follows up with employees to evaluate the impact of such
training and rewards lecturers for positive feedback.

We have in place an employee handbook and a code of conduct approved by our management and have distributed
them to all our employees. The handbook contains internal rules and guidelines regarding work ethics, fraud
prevention mechanisms, negligence and corruption. We provide employees with regular training, as well as resources
to explain the guidelines contained in the employee handbook. We have in place an anti-bribery and corruption
policy to safeguard against any corruption within our Company. The policy explains potential bribery and corruption
conduct and our anti-bribery and corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and available
for our staff to report any bribery and corruption acts, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our anti-
fraud department. Our anti-fraud department is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking
appropriate measures.

Anti-corruption and Bribery Risk Management

As we and our employees deal with a variety of third parties in our operations, we have implemented internal
procedures with respect to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and conflict of interest matters. First, we have adopted a
series of internal regulations against corruption, bribery, and fraudulent activities, which include measures against
receiving bribes and kickbacks, and misappropriation of company assets. Second, our internal audit department
carefully evaluates risk events of potential corruption and bribery and conducts investigations when necessary. Third,
we have implemented clear and strict policies and guidelines that prohibit the acceptance of gifts, hospitality, and
other offers by interested third parties. Employees are required to acknowledge and accept our internal code of
business conduct and ethics that lists in detail relevant policies and regulations, including, but not limited to, clear
definitions of bribery, corruption, and interested parties. Our internal audit department conducts internal audits
regularly (at least once a year).




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   63
     Corporate Governance Report


     Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight

     We have established the Audit Committee to monitor the implementation of our risk management policies across
     the Company on an ongoing basis to ensure that our internal control system is effective in identifying, managing
     and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. The Audit Committee consists of three members, being
     our independent non-executive Directors. For the professional qualifications and experiences of the members of
     our Audit Committee, see the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. We also
     maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls and
     reporting to the Audit Committee and senior management on any issues identified. Our internal audit department
     members hold regular meetings (at least once a year) with management to discuss any internal control issues we
     face and the corresponding measures to implement toward resolving such issues. The internal audit department also
     reports regularly (at least about once in a half year) to the Audit Committee to ensure that any major issues identified
     are channelled to the committee on a timely basis. The Audit Committee then discusses the issues and reports to the
     Board, if necessary.

     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. Fei Chen and Ms. Emily Fung are the joint company secretaries of the Company. See “Directors and Senior
     Management” of this annual report for their biographies. Mr. Chen (executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of
     the Company) has been designated as the primary corporate contact person at the Company who would work and
     communicate with Ms. Fung on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.

     During the Reporting Year, Mr. Chen and Ms. Fung have each undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

     SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND COMMUNICATIONS

     Shareholder Right to Requisition a General Meeting

     Pursuant to Article 9.3 of the Company’s articles of association, one or more members holding, as at the date of
     deposit of the requisition, in aggregate not less than one-tenth of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in
     the share capital of the Company may make a requisition to convene an extraordinary general meeting and/or add
     resolutions to the agenda of a general meeting.

     Such requisition shall be made in writing (for details of contact information, please see the section “Putting Forward
     Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details” below) to the Board or the Secretary for the purpose of requiring an
     extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the consideration of any business specified in such
     requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition.

     If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself
     (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result
     of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

     Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may achieve this by means of convening an
     extraordinary general meeting following the procedures set out in the paragraphs above.

     For the procedures for the Shareholders to propose a candidate for election as a Director, please see the Company’s
     website at www.ysbang.cn.




64   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                     Corporate Governance Report


Distribution of Corporate Communications to Shareholders

As part of the Company’s initiatives to be more environmentally conscious, the Company has adopted new
arrangements on dissemination of corporate communications on 23 February 2024 which allow the Company’s
transition to electronic communications. Under this new arrangement, we had not distributed printed copies of
corporate communications to Shareholders by default.

Under this updated electronic communications method, the Company has sent an initial notification letter to the
registered address of each Shareholder kept with the Hong Kong Share Registrar. This letter detailed the updated
electronic communications method and include a method by which Shareholders can notify/update the Company
with its nominated functional email address and/or make a specific request for certain corporate communications to
be delivered to them in printed form for a limited period of time.

Corporate communications to Shareholders (including circulars and a copy of this report) and other information
published by the Company (including financial results and announcements) can be viewed and downloaded at the
following websites:

Company:                   www.ysbang.cn

Stock Exchange:            www.hkex.com.hk

Additionally, at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will be
available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details

For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company in the
following manner:

Attention:                 Joint Company Secretary of YSB Inc.

Post:                      Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong

Subject:                   Enquiry from Shareholder of YSB Inc.

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and
identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law. The
Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   65
     Corporate Governance Report


     Communication with Shareholders and Investors Relations

     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
     and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has adopted a
     shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”), which aims to set out the approach
     of the Board to provide Shareholders of the Company and other stakeholders (including potential investors)
     information about the Company, in a fair and equal manner. In accordance with the Shareholders’ Communication
     Policy, the Company endeavours to maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through
     annual general meetings and other general meetings, at which the Shareholders are able to communicate and share
     opinions with the Board, and exercise their voting rights. At the forthcoming annual general meeting, the Directors (or
     their delegates as appropriate) will be available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

     As set out above in the section headed “Distribution of Corporate Communications to Shareholders”, the Company
     discloses information and publishes corporate communication to the public on the Stock Exchange’s website in
     a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules, the relevant laws and regulations. The primary focus of the
     Company is to ensure information disclosure is timely, fair, accurate, truthful and does not contain any material
     omission, thereby enabling Shareholders, investors as well as the public to make rational and informed decisions.
     To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at www.ysbang.cn, where information and
     updates on the Company’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate governance
     practices and other information are available for public access.

     We annually review the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy (with
     communication channels). Following our review during the Reporting Period, we have concluded that the above
     policy provides sufficient opportunity and avenues for ongoing communication between the Company (including the
     Board and management) and the Shareholders and the results were satisfactory.

     Changes in Constitutional Documents

     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not make any changes to its constitutional documents.

     The latest version of our memorandum and articles of association is available on the websites of the Company and
     the Stock Exchange.




66   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report


TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF YSB INC.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 72 to 167, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of the financial statements of public interest entities. We have also
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   67
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Allowance for inventories

      We identified the allowance for inventories as a key       Our procedures in relation to allowance for inventories
      audit matter due to the significance of the balance        included:
      to the consolidated financial statements and the
      management judgments and estimations involved in           •      Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s
      the identification of obsolete or damaged inventories             allowance policy on inventories and the
      and the determination of the net realisable value of the          management’s process over the identification
      inventories.                                                      of obsolete or damaged inventories and the
                                                                        determination of the net realisable value of
      The management identified the obsolete or damaged                 inventories; and
      inventories based on expiry date or physical condition
      of the inventories. The specific factors considered by     •      Evaluating the reasonableness of the Group’s
      management in the estimation of the allowance for                 allowance for inventories by:
      obsolete or damaged inventories include the latest
      sales information, expected market demand and                     •      Observing the Group’s physical inventory
      saleability of inventories.                                              counts to ascertain whether obsolete or
                                                                               damaged inventories were identified;
      As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial
      statements, as at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount           •      Testing the expiry date of inventories, on
      of inventories was approximately RMB1,873,196,000, net                   a sample basis, to the product labels;
      of allowance of approximately RMB20,837,000.
                                                                        •      Tracing the latest selling prices for inventories
                                                                               sold subsequent to the reporting period, on
                                                                               a sample basis, to the relevant sales invoices;
                                                                               and

                                                                 •      Performing retrospective review on the accuracy
                                                                        of management’s assessment relating to the
                                                                        allowance for inventories.




68   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report


OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   69
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
             fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
             sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
             resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
             intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
             appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
             Group’s internal control.

     •       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
             and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
             on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
             may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
             material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
             in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
             conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
             events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
             the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
             events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •       Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
             information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
             financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
             for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




70   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is CHAN, Men (practising
certificate number: P06552).




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
23 March 2026




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   71
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                         2025             2024
                                                           Notes     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Revenue                                                5      20,969,650        17,903,608
      Cost of sales                                                (18,662,668)      (16,090,157)


      Gross profit                                                  2,306,982         1,813,451
      Other income                                           6         73,265            91,182
      Other gains and losses                                 7         18,534            30,232
      Impairment losses (recognised) reversed under
        expected credit loss model, net                     33            (348)               265
      Selling and marketing expenses                                (1,743,324)       (1,461,240)
      Research and development expenses                                (95,663)           (94,195)
      General and administrative expenses                             (404,514)         (353,989)
      Share of result of an associate                       18          (5,960)                 –
      Finance costs                                          8         (11,927)           (11,338)


      Profit before tax                                               137,045            14,368
      Income tax credit                                     9a          8,937               713


      Profit for the year                                   10        145,982            15,081
      Other comprehensive income for the year                               –                 –


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year              145,982            15,081


      Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
        income (expense) for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                         152,965             30,013
        Non-controlling interests                                      (6,983)           (14,932)


                                                                      145,982            15,081


      Earnings per share
        Basic (RMB)                                         13           0.224             0.047


         Diluted (RMB)                                      13           0.220             0.046




72   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                  As at 31 December 2025



                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                  Notes    RMB’000            RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment, net                                 14        48,119                 66,852
Right-of-use assets                                                15       166,525                201,970
Intangible assets                                                  16       483,198                526,498
Interest in an associate                                           18        19,040                      –
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)   21a         6,000                      –
Goodwill                                                           17       273,290                273,290
Deferred tax assets                                                9b         4,809                  4,066
Time deposits                                                      22       408,000                254,000
Other financial assets at amortised cost                          21b       152,351                      –


                                                                          1,561,332              1,326,676


Current assets
Inventories                                                         19    1,873,196              1,464,548
Trade and other receivables                                         20      736,307                582,657
Financial assets at FVTPL                                          21a      708,160                695,949
Amount due from an associate                                        37        9,617                      –
Time deposits                                                       22      330,429                281,574
Restricted bank deposits                                            23    1,636,628              1,134,621
Bank balances and cash                                              23      706,874              1,009,082


                                                                          6,001,211              5,168,431


Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                           24     (4,647,365)            (3,739,673)
Contract liabilities                                               25        (25,174)                (29,608)
Lease liabilities                                                  26        (80,106)                (82,271)
Bank borrowings                                                    27       (151,653)                (21,207)


                                                                          (4,904,298)            (3,872,759)


Net current assets                                                        1,096,913              1,295,672


Total assets less current liabilities                                     2,658,245              2,622,348




                                                                                   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   73
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 31 December 2025



                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                   Notes             RMB’000            RMB’000


      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                              26               (95,694)            (130,036)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                       9b              (106,783)            (114,977)
      Contingent consideration payables                              31               (69,575)            (108,691)


                                                                                     (272,052)            (353,704)


      Net assets                                                                    2,386,193            2,268,644


      Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                  28                    12                   12
      Reserves                                                                      2,443,306            2,319,051


      Equities attributable to owners of the Company                                2,443,318            2,319,063
      Non-controlling interests                                                       (57,125)              (50,419)


      Total equities                                                                2,386,193            2,268,644


     The consolidated financial statements on pages 72 to 167 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
     directors on 23 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                             Buzhen Zhang                                           Fei Chen
                              DIRECTOR                                             DIRECTOR




74   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                             Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                                      Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                                         Share-
                                                                         Deferred                        based                                                         Non-
                                                  Share        Share consideration       Capital      payments         Treasury     Accumulated                  controlling       Total
                                                 Capital    premium         shares     reserves1       reserves          shares          losses     Sub-total      interests     equities
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


    As at 1 January 2024                             11     9,370,430            –        39,890         150,494          (4,829)     (7,636,234)    1,919,762       (36,224)    1,883,538


    Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
       income (expense) for the year                  –            –             –             –               –               –         30,013        30,013        (14,932)      15,081
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)             1      184,024        41,770             –               –               –              –       225,795            737      226,532
    Recognition of equity-settled share-based
       payments (Note 29)                             –            –             –             –         137,692              –                –      137,692              –      137,692
    Repurchase of shares (Note 28)                    –            –             –             –               –         (2,210)               –       (2,210)             –       (2,210)
    Exercise of share options and vesting of
       RSUs2 (Note 29)                                 *      70,568             –             –         (62,322)          (235)               –        8,011              –        8,011


    As at 31 December 2024                           12     9,625,022       41,770        39,890         225,864          (7,274)     (7,606,221)    2,319,063       (50,419)    2,268,644


    Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
       income (expense) for the year                  –            –             –             –               –               –       152,965       152,965         (6,983)     145,982
    Dividends recognised as distribution
        (Note 12)                                     –      (50,786)            –             –               –               –               –      (50,786)            –       (50,786)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)             *       20,589        (2,906)            –               –               –               –       17,683             –        17,683
    Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 7)                 –            –             –             –               –               –               –            –           277           277
    Recognition of equity-settled
       share-based payments (Note 29)                 –            –             –             –         64,128               –                –       64,128              –       64,128
    Repurchase of shares (Note 28)                    –            –             –             –              –         (65,816)               –      (65,816)             –      (65,816)
    Cancellation of shares repurchased
       (Note 28)                                       *     (40,681)            –             –               –        40,681                 –            –              –            –
    Exercise of share options and vesting of
       RSUs2 (Note 29)                                 *     89,166              –             –        (84,307)         1,222                 –        6,081              –        6,081


    As at 31 December 2025                           12    9,643,310       38,864        39,890         205,685         (31,187)     (7,453,256)    2,443,318       (57,125)    2,386,193

*             Amount is less than RMB1,000.

1.            Capital reserves mainly represented deemed contribution from a shareholder arising from the waive of the amount of approximately
              RMB30,925,000 due from YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”).

2.            RSU is defined in Note 3.2 Share-based payments.




                                                                                                                                                      YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025            75
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


      OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit before tax                                                      137,045            14,368

      Adjustment for:
      Finance costs                                                            11,927            11,338
      Interest income                                                         (46,927)          (52,763)
      Share of result of an associate                                           5,960                  –
      Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                        (15,946)          (21,596)
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            28,019            34,542
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      80,316            77,843
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                        44,385            16,201
      Write down for obsolete inventories                                       4,410              2,243
      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                         (2,422)                 –
      Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                      (23,149)          (24,983)
      Changes in fair value of contingent consideration payables                2,112             (5,922)
      Impairment losses recognised (reversed) under expected credit loss
         model, net                                                              348               (265)
      Share-based payment expense                                             64,128           137,692
      Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                      1,528              2,295
      Net foreign exchange losses (gains)                                      1,727             (3,061)


      Operating cash flows before movements in working capital               293,461           187,932

      (Increase) decrease in inventories                                     (413,988)         150,147
      Increase in trade and other receivables                                (167,143)          (56,624)
      Increase in trade and other payables                                    929,804          373,975
      (Decrease) increase in contract liabilities                              (4,434)              428


      Cash generated from operations                                         637,700           655,858
      Income taxes paid                                                            –                 –


      NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                     637,700           655,858




76   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                  (17,151)                 (23,009)
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                          668                    1,337
Purchase of intangible assets                                               (1,085)                    (394)
Placement of time deposits                                                (609,878)             (1,266,354)
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                377,962               1,020,780
Purchase of other financial assets at amortised cost                      (150,000)                       –
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                  (13,842,253)           (12,075,024)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                     13,847,191             12,269,551
Investment income received from financial assets at FVTPL                   15,946                   21,596
Bank interest income received                                               44,576                   52,763
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                            (35,558)               (263,045)
Net cash inflow on disposal of subsidiaries                                    314                        –
Acquisition of investment in an associate                                  (25,000)                       –
Placement of restricted bank deposits                                   (2,371,718)             (2,376,707)
Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                                   1,869,711               2,384,927


NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                     (896,275)               (253,579)


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of lease liabilities                                             (81,378)                (81,608)
New bank borrowings raised                                                 250,144                  62,939
Repayment of bank borrowings                                              (119,698)                (99,240)
Interest paid                                                              (11,927)                (11,338)
Repurchase of shares                                                       (65,816)                  (2,210)
Dividends paid                                                             (50,786)                       –
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                      8,494                  21,652


NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                      (70,967)               (109,805)


NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                      (329,542)               292,474
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                       1,041,228                745,693
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     (1,727)                 3,061


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR                               709,959              1,041,228


Represented by
Bank balances and cash                                                     706,874              1,009,082
Time deposits with original maturity of three months or less                 3,085                 32,146


                                                                           709,959              1,041,228




                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   77
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     1.      GENERAL

             The Company was incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
             27 August 2018 under the Company laws of the Cayman Islands. Its immediate holding company is MIYT
             Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”). The shares of the Company
             had been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
             28 June 2023 (the “Listing”).

             The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are set out in the
             corporate information section of the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025.

             The Company is an investment holding company. The Group mainly operates online platform that provide
             wholesale and retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and online marketplace service to the
             pharmaceutical and healthcare manufacturers. The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are
             in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

             The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
             currency of the Company.

     2.      APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

             Amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the
             current year

             In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard as issued
             by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective
             for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
             statements:

             Amendments to IAS 21                             Lack of Exchangeability

             The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material
             impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
             disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




78   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     (CONTINUED)

     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have
     been issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to IAS 21                                      Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                           Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                 Financial Instruments2
     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                           Contracts Referencing Nature – dependent Electricity2
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                 Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                   Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting
                                                                 Standards-Volume 112
     IFRS 18                                                   Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
     3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standards mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
     the application of all other new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact
     on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation
     and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new IFRS
     Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements
     to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures
     on management-defined performance measures (MPMs) in the notes to the financial statements and improve
     aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some
     IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors
     (the title of which will be changed to Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements upon effective of IFRS 18)
     and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also
     made.

     IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after
     1 January 2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific
     transition provisions. The application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on the
     financial performance and positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is
     expected to affect the structure and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   79
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

             3.1     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
                     Standards as issued by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial
                     statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence
                     decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
                     disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                     Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

             3.2     Material accounting policy information

                     Basis of consolidation

                     The consolidated financial statements incorporates the financial statements of the Company and
                     entities (including the consolidated affiliated entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries.
                     Control is achieved when the Company:

                     •       has power over the investee;

                     •       is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                     •       has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
                     there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
                     when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
                     acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                     from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                     Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of
                     the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of the subsidiaries is
                     attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the
                     non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                     accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
                     between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
                     which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets
                     of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




80   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Business combinations

           A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
           process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes
           are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including
           an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
           processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
           considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability
           to continue producing outputs.

           Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for
           using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured
           at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred
           by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
           interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
           generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

           The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
           liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
           transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent
           Assets or IFRIC-Int 21 Levies, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC-Int 21 instead of the
           Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent
           assets are not recognised.

           At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
           their fair value, except that:

           •      lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease
                  payments (as defined in IFRS 16 Leases) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the
                  acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the
                  acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised
                  and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable
                  or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
           controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest
           in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed
           as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and
           liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
           interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if
           any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   81
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Business combinations (Continued)

                     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
                     proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
                     measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
                     acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a
                     transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their fair
                     value.

                     When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
                     consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair
                     value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in
                     the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are
                     adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional
                     information obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the
                     acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

                     The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement
                     period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent
                     consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its
                     subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an
                     asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding
                     gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

                     Goodwill

                     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
                     acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash –
                     generating units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies
                     of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                     management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

                     A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated
                     is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
                     impaired. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated
                     first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
                     based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).




82   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Investment in an associate

           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
           power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
           joint control over those policies.

           The results and assets and liabilities of the associate are incorporated in these consolidated financial
           statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of the associate used for
           equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for
           like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an
           associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted
           thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
           the associate. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that
           associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net
           investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional
           losses are provided for, and a liability is recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal
           or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

           An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
           investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost
           of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of
           the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment.
           Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the
           cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in
           which the investment is acquired.

           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may
           be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment
           (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing
           its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying
           amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms
           part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in
           accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
           increases.

           When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
           transactions with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the
           extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Revenue from contracts with customers

                     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when control of
                     the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customers.

                     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
                     or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

                     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
                     towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                     met:

                     •       the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                             performance as the Group performs;

                     •       the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                             performs; or

                     •       the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                             Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                     good or service.

                     The Group is mainly engaged in wholesale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
                     through its online platform. The Group is also engaged in retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare
                     products through its retail shops. In addition, the Group operates online platform that enable the
                     pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own pharmaceutical and healthcare products using
                     the Group’s online platform.

                     The Group evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross amounts of product sales or services
                     provided and related costs, or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Group is a principal,
                     that the Group obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the
                     customers, the revenue should be recognised in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects
                     to be entitled in exchange for the specified goods or services transferred. When the Group is an agent
                     and its obligation is to facilitate third parties in fulfilling their performance obligation for specified
                     goods or services, in which case the Group does not control the specified goods or services provided
                     by third parties before those goods or services are transferred to the customer, the revenue should be
                     recognised in the net amount for the amount of commission which the Group earns in exchange for
                     arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by other parties.

                     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
                     which the Group has received consideration from the customer.




84   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

           Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Trade receivables
           represent amounts invoiced and revenue recognised prior to invoicing when the Group has satisfied
           the Group’s performance obligation and has the unconditional right to payment.

           Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

           For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (i.e. contracts related to the software
           and service), the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative
           stand-alone selling price basis.

           The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation
           is determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
           good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
           Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated
           to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
           entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

           Specifically, revenue is recognised as follows:

           Product Revenue

           The Group is mainly engaged in wholesale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
           through its online platform. The Group is also engaged in retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare
           products through its retail shops. The Group recognises product revenue on a gross basis as the Group
           is acting as a principal in these transactions and is responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the
           specified goods. Product revenue is recognised upon customers’ acceptance of product delivery, net
           of discounts and return allowances. Transportation and handling activities that occur before customers
           obtain control are considered as fulfilment activities.

           Service Revenue

           The service revenue primarily consists of i) commission fees charged to pharmaceutical distributors
           and vendors participating on the online marketplace through the Group’s online platform; ii) service
           revenue received from third-party pharmacies for the access right granted to them for use of the
           Group’s software; and iii) service revenue received from provision of medical testing services to primary
           healthcare institutions.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                     Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price) (Continued)

                     Service Revenue (Continued)

                     As for the commission charged related to the online platform, the Group generally is acting as an
                     agent and its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or services
                     by those pharmaceutical distributors and vendors. Upon successful sales, the Group charges the
                     pharmaceutical distributors and vendors commission fee revenue based on a certain percentage
                     of sales, net of discounts and return allowances. Commission fee revenue is recognised upon end
                     customers’ acceptance of product delivery on a net basis.

                     As for the service revenue charged related to the one-time usage fee and service fee for the inventory
                     management related SaaS solution provided to the downstream pharmacies, the Group is acting
                     as a principal and its performance obligation is to provide the access right to pharmacies to use the
                     Group’s software. Since the pharmacies simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided
                     by the Group’s performance as the Group performs, revenue from the software services therefore are
                     recognised over time on the straight-line base during the service period which less than one year.

                     As for the service revenue charged related to the medical testing services, the Group is acting as a
                     principal and its performance obligation is to perform the testing and generate testing results to the
                     primary healthcare institutions. The Group recognises revenue at a point in time when the Group
                     delivers the testing results to the primary healthcare institutions.

                     Cost of sales

                     Cost of sales consists primarily of purchase price of products, transaction processing fees and write-
                     downs of inventories.

                     The Group periodically receives considerations from certain vendors, representing rebates for products
                     purchased. The rebates are not sufficiently separable from the Group’s purchase of the vendors’
                     products and they do not represent a reimbursement of costs incurred by the Group to sell vendors’
                     products. The Group accounts for the rebates received from its vendors as a reduction to the prices
                     it pays for the products purchased and therefore the Group records such amounts as a reduction of
                     carrying value of the inventories for inventories still held by the Group at the end of the reporting
                     period or as a reduction of cost of sales for inventories sold before the end of each reporting period.

                     Leases

                     Definition of a lease

                     The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at
                     inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the
                     contract are subsequently changed.




86   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Leases (Continued)

           The Group as a lessee

           Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12
           months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
           recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases
           of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over
           the lease term. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised
           as expense on a straight-line basis unless another systematic basis is more representative of the time
           pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

           •      the amounts of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities;

           •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                  received.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
           and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

           Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life
           and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.

           Lease liabilities

           At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
           present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
           payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
           interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The incremental borrowing rate depends
           on the term, currency and start date of the lease and is determined based on a series of inputs
           including: the historical borrowing rates of the Group and other risk adjustment.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Leases (Continued)

                     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                     Lease liabilities (Continued)

                     The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
                     incentives receivable.

                     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

                     The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-
                     of-use assets) when a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a
                     separate lease (see below for the accounting policy for “lease modifications”).

                     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                     position.

                     Lease modifications

                     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

                     •       the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more
                             underlying assets; and

                     •       the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone
                             price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to
                             reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

                     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the
                     lease liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease
                     by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
                     modification.

                     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments
                     to the relevant right-of-use assets.




88   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Foreign currencies

           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
           than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
           prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
           denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
           items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
           items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

           Government grants

           Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
           with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

           Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
           already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
           related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such
           grants are presented under “other income”.

           Retirement benefits costs

           Payments to state-managed retirement benefit schemes are recognised as an expense when
           employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

           Short-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected
           to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
           recognised as an expense unless another IFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits the inclusion
           of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

           A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
           and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Share-based payments

                     Equity-settled share-based payments transactions

                     Restricted share units (“RSU”s)/share options granted to employees

                     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
                     at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

                     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
                     taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed using straight-line basis over
                     the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest,
                     with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of the reporting
                     period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
                     assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
                     estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
                     estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to share-based payments reserve. For RSUs/share options
                     that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the share options granted is expensed
                     immediately to profit or loss.

                     When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
                     will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or
                     are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
                     reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

                     When RSUs granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
                     will be transferred to share premium.

                     Taxation

                     Income tax expense represents the sum of the current and deferred income tax expense.

                     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
                     before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
                     are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
                     enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.




90   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Taxation (Continued)

           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
           liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
           computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
           differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences
           to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible
           temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the
           temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets
           and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at
           the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
           In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
           recognition of goodwill.

           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
           subsidiaries and an associate, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
           difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
           Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments
           are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against
           which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the
           foreseeable future.

           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced
           to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
           part of the asset to be recovered.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
           in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been
           enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
           from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
           the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
           the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
           deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
           applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The
           Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that
           taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a
           deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Taxation (Continued)

                     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
                     tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
                     entity by the same taxation authority.

                     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.

                     Property, plant and equipment

                     Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
                     goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress). Property, plant
                     and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent
                     accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                     Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress)
                     less their residual values over their estimated useful lives (as below), using the straight-line method.
                     The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the
                     reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

                                                                                    Useful lives

                     Leasehold improvement                                          Over the term of the lease
                     Plant and machinery                                            5 to 10 years
                     Motor vehicles                                                 5 years
                     Office equipment                                               3 to 5 years

                     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
                     benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
                     disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
                     between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

                     Intangible assets

                     Intangible assets acquired separately

                     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
                     accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
                     with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives (as below).

                     The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period,
                     with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.




92   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Intangible assets (Continued)

           Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure

           Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
           initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

           Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
           lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
           the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

           The Group’s intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as:

                                                                         Useful lives

           Licences and franchise                                        10 years
           Business relationship                                         10 to 15 years
           Brand name                                                    15 years
           Office software                                               3 to 10 years

           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other
           than goodwill

           At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
           and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether
           there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists,
           the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
           impairment loss (if any).

           The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
           are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
           Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other
                     than goodwill (Continued)

                     In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
                     generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
                     they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
                     allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating
                     unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
                     carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

                     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
                     in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
                     rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
                     asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

                     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
                     amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable
                     amount. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
                     amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the
                     carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount
                     of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its
                     value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have
                     been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-
                     generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                     Inventories

                     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
                     determined on specific identification method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
                     price for inventories less costs necessary to make the sales. Costs necessary to make the sale include
                     incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
                     incur to make the sale, including costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.

                     Financial instruments

                     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
                     contractual provisions of the instrument.




94   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade and note
           receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS
           15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
           financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted
           from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
           Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at
           FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
           financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
           effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
           (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
           transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
           or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
           recognition.

           Financial assets

           All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
           basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery
           of assets within the time frame established generally by regulation or convention in the market place
           concerned.

           All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or
           fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

           •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                  flows; and

           •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                  principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Financial instruments (Continued)

                     Financial assets (Continued)

                     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

                     (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                             Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                             subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                             rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
                             subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently
                             become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
                             to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on
                             the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-
                             impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                             carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of each reporting period following the
                             determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

                     (ii)    Financial assets at FVTPL

                             Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or fair value
                             through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) or designated as FVTOCI are measured at
                             FVTPL.

                             Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, with any
                             fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or
                             loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other
                             gains and losses” line item.

                     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

                     The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
                     assets (including trade and other receivables, amount due from an associate, time deposits, restricted
                     bank deposits, other financial assets at amortised cost, bank balances and cash and financial guarantee
                     contracts), which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each
                     reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.




96   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
           (Continued)

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
           of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime
           ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting
           date. Assessment is done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors
           that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of past events and the
           current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future economic conditions.

           The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade and note receivables and amount due from an
           associate in trade nature.

           For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
           there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
           recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
           significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

           (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                  In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the
                  Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as of the reporting
                  date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as of the date of initial
                  recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
                  information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-
                  looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information
                  considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors operate,
                  obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts and other similar organisations, as
                  well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic information
                  that relate to the Group’s core operations.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Financial instruments (Continued)

                     Financial assets (Continued)

                     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                     (Continued)

                     (i)     Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

                             In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                             has increased significantly:

                             •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                                    available) or internal credit rating;

                             •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                                    increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                             •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                                    are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                                    obligations;

                             •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                             •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                                    technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                                    debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                             Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
                             has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
                             days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
                             otherwise.

                             For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable
                             commitment is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing
                             impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since
                             initial recognition of a financial guarantee contract, the Group considers changes in the risk
                             of a default occurring on the loan to which a loan commitment relates; for financial guarantee
                             contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified debtor will default on
                             the contract.

                             The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                             has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
                             criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
                             past due.

98   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
           (Continued)

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                   is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                   collaterals held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
                   is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                   demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                   the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                   asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)    the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                          borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                          lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation.

           (iv)    Write-off policy

                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
                   in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                   counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings,
                   or in the case of trade and note receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due,
                   whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
                   activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                   appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are
                   recognised in profit or loss.

                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
              ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

              3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                      Financial instruments (Continued)

                      Financial assets (Continued)

                      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                      (Continued)

                      (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL

                              The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                              magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                              probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-
                              looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount
                              that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

                              Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
                              Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                              discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                              For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event
                              of a default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed.
                              Accordingly, the ECL is the present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for
                              a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that the Group expects to receive from the holder,
                              the debtor or any other party.

                              For ECL on financial guarantee contracts for which the effective interest rate cannot be
                              determined, the Group will apply a discount rate that reflects the current market assessment of
                              the time value of money and the risks that are specific to the cash flows but only if, and to the
                              extent that, the risks are taken into account by adjusting the discount rate instead of adjusting
                              the cash shortfalls being discounted.

                              Except for amount due from an associate in trade nature which the lifetime ECL is assessed
                              individually, lifetime ECL for trade and note receivables are considered on a collective basis
                              taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward
                              looking macroeconomic information.

                              For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                              formulating the grouping:

                              •      Past-due status;

                              •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                              •      External credit ratings where available.



100   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
           (Continued)

           (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

                  The grouping is regularly reviewed by the directors of the Company to ensure the constituents
                  of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
                  the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
                  amortised cost of the financial asset.

                  The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments
                  by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and note receivables where the
                  corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in
           that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. For financial
           assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences
           are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item as part of the gains/(losses)
           from changes in fair value of financial assets (Note 7).

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
           the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership of the asset to another entity.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
           carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
           loss.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
              ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

              3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                      Financial instruments (Continued)

                      Financial liabilities and equity

                      Classification as debt or equity

                      Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
                      the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
                      instrument.

                      Equity instruments

                      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
                      deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by a group entity are recognised at the
                      proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

                      Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
                      No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
                      Company’s own equity instruments.

                      Financial liabilities

                      All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
                      or at FVTPL.

                      Financial liabilities at FVTPL

                      Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is contingent consideration of
                      an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies.

                      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                      Financial liabilities including trade and other payables and bank borrowings are subsequently
                      measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




102   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

           Financial guarantee contracts

           A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to
           reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in
           accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured
           initially at their fair values. It is subsequently measured at the higher of:

           •      the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with HKFRS 9; and

           •      the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, cumulative amortisation recognised
                  over the guarantee period.

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost
           at the end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on
           the amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the
           ‘Other gains and losses’ line item in profit or loss (Note 7) as part of net foreign exchange gains/(losses)
           for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.

           The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign
           currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that
           are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses
           and is recognised in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging
           relationship.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities

           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
           discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
           liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      4.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
              UNCERTAINTY

              In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the management of the Group are required to make
              judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
              readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
              experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

              The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
              estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
              or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

              Critical judgement in applying accounting policies

              The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the directors
              of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most
              significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

              Consolidation of affiliated entities

              The Group obtained control over PRC domestic companies, Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology
              Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudao”) and Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou
              Yaobang”), by entering into a series of the contractual arrangements with the PRC domestic companies and
              their respective nominee shareholders (collectively, the “Contractual Arrangements”). Nevertheless, the
              Contractual Arrangements and other measures may not be as effective as direct legal ownership in providing
              the Group with direct control over the PRC domestic companies and uncertainties presented by the PRC legal
              system could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights of the results, assets and liabilities of the PRC domestic
              companies. The directors of the Company, based on the advice of its legal counsel, consider that the
              Contractual Arrangements among PRC domestic companies and their respective Nominee Shareholders are
              in compliance with the relevant PRC Laws and are legally enforceable.

              Key sources of estimation uncertainty

              The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
              at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
              carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.




104   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     Allowance for inventories

     The Group records inventories at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Allowance for inventories is
     provided for those identified obsolete or damaged inventories; and inventories with a carrying amount higher
     than net realisable value. Regular operational procedures have been in place to monitor the allowance for
     inventories due to the significant balance involved and nature of the inventories is subject to expiry date.

     The management identified the obsolete or damaged inventories based on expiry date or physical condition
     of the inventories. The specific factors considered by management in the estimation of the allowance for
     obsolete or damaged inventories include the latest sales information, expected market demand and saleability
     of inventories. Although the Group carries out regular reviews on the net realisable value of inventories, the
     actual realisable value of inventories is not known until the sales are concluded.

     As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of inventories of the Group were approximately
     RMB1,873,196,000 (2024: RMB1,464,548,000), net of allowance for inventories of approximately RMB20,837,000
     (2024: RMB16,427,000).

     Estimated impairment of goodwill

     Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the cash-
     generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher
     of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate
     the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a group of cash-generating units)
     and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less
     than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or
     upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.

     For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment loss was recognised for goodwill. As
     at 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of goodwill were approximately RMB273,290,000 (2024:
     RMB273,290,000).




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      5.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

              The Group is mainly engaged in i) wholesale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
              through its online platform; ii) retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products through its retail shops;
              iii) operating online platform that enable the pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own
              pharmaceutical and healthcare products using the Group’s online platform; iv) providing SaaS solution to
              downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions to a) streamline their inventory management,
              or b) improve the patient management efficiency; and v) providing system technologies and operational
              support services to primary healthcare institutions through a smart healthcare system integrated advanced
              point-of-care testing and monitoring devices, digital management system and smart AI doctors-aid system.

              (a)     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Type of goods or services:
                         Self-operation business (Note (i))                                              20,065,552                 16,972,895
                         Online marketplace services (Note (ii))                                            866,025                    881,075
                         Others (Note (iii))                                                                 38,073                     49,638


                         Total                                                                           20,969,650                 17,903,608


                         Timing of revenue recognition:
                         At a point in time                                                              20,944,194                 17,885,843
                         Over-time                                                                           25,456                     17,765


                         Total                                                                           20,969,650                 17,903,608

                      Notes:

                      (i)        The Group sells pharmaceutical and healthcare products mainly to pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions.

                      (ii)       The marketplace services revenue represents the commission received by the Group from distributors and vendors
                                 using the Group’s online platform, which is recognised upon end customers’ acceptance and is charged based on
                                 a certain percentage of sales, net of discounts and return allowances made by the distributors and vendors through
                                 the Group’s online platform.

                      (iii)      Others mainly includes


                                 (1)     The Group collects usage fee and service fee for providing SaaS solutions to downstream pharmacies
                                         and primary healthcare institutions to a) streamline their inventory management, or b) improve the patient
                                         management efficiency.

                                 (2)     The Group provides system technologies and operational support services to primary healthcare
                                         institutions through a smart healthcare system integrated advanced point-of-care testing and monitoring
                                         devices, digital management system and smart AI doctors-aid system.




106   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     (b)     Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
             with customers

             All contracts with customers are for period of one year or less. As permitted by IFRS 15, the transaction
             price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     (c)     Segment information

             Information is reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating
             decision maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.
             The accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. No other analysis of the
             Group’s results nor assets and liabilities is regularly provided to the CODM for review and the CODM
             reviews the overall results and financial position of the Group as a whole. Accordingly, the CODM has
             identified one operating segment and only entity-wide disclosures are presented in accordance with
             IFRS 8 Operating Segments.

     (d)     Geographic information

             The Group principally operates in the PRC, which is also the place of domicile. The Group’s revenue is
             all derived from operations in the PRC for both years and the Group’s non-current assets are all located
             in the PRC.

     (e)     Information about major customers

             There was no revenue derived from transactions with a single external customer which amounted to
             10% or more of the Group’s revenue for both years.

6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


      Government grants (Note)                                                                   6,401                    12,143
      Interest income                                                                           46,927                    52,763
      Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                                          15,946                    21,596
      Others                                                                                     3,991                     4,680


                                                                                                73,265                    91,182

     Note:   It represented cash received from unconditional grants by the local government to encourage the business operations in
             the PRC. Government grants are recognised in profit and loss when received.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025    107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      7.      OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


               Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                         (1,528)                   (2,295)
               Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note)                                                      2,422                          –
               Donations                                                                                   (1,670)                    (1,439)
               Net foreign exchange (losses) gains                                                         (1,727)                     3,061
               Gains from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                               23,149                    24,983
               (Losses) gains from changes in fair value of
                 contingent consideration payable                                                           (2,112)                    5,922


                                                                                                           18,534                    30,232

              Note:   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group disposal two non-wholly owned subsidiaries to an independent
                      third-party at a total consideration of approximately RMB350,000. The total net liabilities of approximately RMB2,349,000
                      and non-controlling interests of approximately RMB277,000 were disposed, and resulted in a gain on disposal of
                      approximately RMB2,422,000 was recognised in profit or loss.


      8.      FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


               Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                         8,976                     8,889
               Interest expense on discounted note receivables                                               2,951                     2,449


                                                                                                           11,927                    11,338




108   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025



9a.   INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


       PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”):
       Current tax                                                                          –                      –
       Deferred tax (Note 9b)                                                          (8,937)                  (713)


                                                                                       (8,937)                  (713)


      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under
      the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and is exempted from the Cayman Islands income tax.

      No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the Group
      had no assessable profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax for both years.

      Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the PRC EIT
      rate of subsidiaries of the Group operating in the PRC was 25% for both years.

      Certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group that are subject to “small and thin-profit enterprises” will benefit from
      a preferential tax rate of 20% under the EIT Law. For both years, the qualifying group entities enjoyed 75%
      reduction on annual taxable income on first RMB3,000,000. As a result, such PRC subsidiaries were eligible for
      a preferential enterprise EIT for their respective tax holiday.

      Certified high and new technology enterprises (“HNTE”) are entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15%.
      Guangzhou Sudaoyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudaoyi”) and Hunan Folding Space
      Internet Technology Co., Ltd. (“Folding Space Internet”) has been qualified as a HNTE and enjoyed a
      preferential income tax rate of 15%, which is subjected to review and renewal every three years. The HNTE
      Certificate of Guangzhou Sudaoyi remains valid for 3 years since 2021, and has been renewed for next three
      years in 2024. The HNTE Certificate of Folding Space Internet remains valid for 3 years since 2022, and has
      been renewed for next three years in 2025. In addition, Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Sudaoyi, Guangzhou
      Yaobang, Guangzhou Xiaoweicang Smart Drug Store Technology Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Spectrum Health
      Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Yizheng Biotechnology R&D Co., Ltd. and Folding Space Internet enjoyed super
      deduction of 200% of qualifying research and development expenses as tax deductible expenses for both
      years, pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation of
      the PRC. And Guangzhou Leyao Technology Co., Ltd. enjoyed super deduction of 200% of qualifying research
      and development expenses as tax deductible expenses since the year of 2025.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      9a.     INCOME TAX CREDIT (CONTINUED)

              The Group is operating in jurisdiction where the Pillar Two Rule is effective thus subject to the global minimum
              top-up tax. However, as the top-up tax impact, after taking into account certain adjustments under the Pillar
              Two Rules based on management’s best estimate, is not significant to the Group, the management of the
              Group considered the Group’s exposure on top-up tax under the Pillar Two Rules have no material impact on
              the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.

              The income tax credit for the year can be reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated statement of
              profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000


               Profit before tax                                                                       137,045                    14,368


               Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                               34,261                     3,592
               Tax effect of super deduction for research and
                 development expenses (Note)                                                           (20,929)                  (14,986)
               Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                     3,734                     9,434
               Tax effect of share of result of an associate                                             1,490                         –
               Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                  30,405                    54,711
               Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                     (57,898)                  (53,464)


                                                                                                         (8,937)                    (713)

              Note:   The eligible expenditures represent research and development costs incurred in the PRC and charged to profit or loss,
                      which is subject to an additional 100% tax deduction in the calculation of income tax expense for both years.


              As at 31 December 2025, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB1,310,327,000 (2024:
              RMB1,392,851,000), available for offset against future profits. Due to the unpredictability of future profit
              streams, no deferred tax asset had been recognised for these unused tax losses. The expiry dates of the
              unrecognised tax losses are disclosed in the following table. With effect from 1 January 2018, unused tax
              losses occurred five years prior to the year in which the entity becomes qualified as an HNTE shall be allowed
              to be carried forward to subsequent years, and the maximum carry-forward period of such tax losses shall be
              extended from 5 years to 10 years.




110   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025



9a.   INCOME TAX CREDIT (CONTINUED)

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


       2025                                                                                   –                 178,868
       2026                                                                             260,661                 336,812
       2027                                                                             364,109                 370,042
       2028                                                                             234,311                 222,012
       2029                                                                             271,795                 227,288
       2030                                                                             108,881                   9,023
       2031                                                                              10,487                  10,487
       2032                                                                              24,816                  24,816
       2033                                                                              12,609                  12,609
       2034                                                                                 894                     894
       2035                                                                              21,764                       –


                                                                                      1,310,327               1,392,851


9b.   DEFERRED TAXATION

      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
      and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


       Deferred tax assets                                                                 4,809                   4,066
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                         (106,783)               (114,977)


                                                                                        (101,974)               (110,911)




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      9b.     DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)

              The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised and movements thereon during the
              current and prior years:

                                                         Fair value
                                                        adjustment                                 Right-
                                                        in business         ECL     Inventory      of-use          Lease
                                                       combination     provision     provision    assets       liabilities        Total
                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


               At 1 January 2024                             (3,375)        618         2,748     (36,103)        38,038           1,926
               Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)       (113,550)           –            –           –              –        (113,550)
               Credit (charge) to profit or loss              1,242           (5)        (192)    (15,371)        15,039             713


               At 31 December 2024                         (115,683)        613         2,556     (51,474)        53,077        (110,911)
               Credit (charge) to profit or loss              8,209          (51)       1,006       9,394          (9,621)         8,937


               At 31 December 2025                        (107,474)         562         3,562     (42,080)       43,456        (101,974)


      10.     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

              Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


               Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                      18,515,021                  15,926,813
               Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                         28,019                      34,542
               Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                   80,316                      77,843
               Amortisation of intangible assets                                                     44,385                      16,201
               Write down for obsolete inventories                                                    4,410                       2,243
               Auditors’ remunerations                                                                4,950                       4,280

               Staff costs:
               Directors’ emoluments (Note 11)                                                         9,508                    11,190
               Other staff costs
                 – Salaries and other allowances                                                  1,185,768                    921,830
                 – Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                       64,914                     55,820
                 – Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                       61,168                    131,545


               Total staff costs                                                                  1,321,358                   1,120,385




112   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025



11.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments

      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
      and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                      Retirement            Equity-
                                                               Salaries Performance      benefits           settled
                                                                   and       related      scheme       share-based
       Name                                        Fee     allowances         bonus contributions        payments         Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


       Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Note)                        –            877            900            67              –        1,844
       Mr. Fei Chen                                   –          2,404          1,500             –          2,960        6,864
       Mr. Ziyang Zhu                                 –              –              –             –              –            –
       Ms. Rong Shao                                  –            300              –             –              –          300
       Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun                             –            200              –             –              –          200
       Mr. Hongqiang Zhao                             –            300              –             –              –          300


                                                      –          4,081          2,400            67          2,960        9,508


                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                         Retirement         Equity-
                                                                Salaries   Performance      benefits        settled
                                                                    and         related      scheme    share-based
       Name                                        Fee      allowances           bonus contributions     payments         Total
                                               RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


       Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Note)                        –             878            300            60              –        1,238
       Mr. Fei Chen                                   –           2,404            601             –          6,147        9,152
       Mr. Ziyang Zhu                                 –               –              –             –              –            –
       Ms. Rong Shao                                  –             300              –             –              –          300
       Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun                             –             200              –             –              –          200
       Mr. Hongqiang Zhao                             –             300              –             –              –          300


                                                      –           4,082            901            60          6,147       11,190

      Note:   Mr. Buzhen Zhang acts as chief executive of the Company for both years and his emoluments disclosed above included
              those for services rendered by him as the chief executive in management of the affairs of the group entities.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      11.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)

              The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
              of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were
              for their services as directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The independent non-executive directors’
              emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company.

              The performance related bonus is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the relevant
              individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.

              There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
              remuneration during both years.

              Employees’ emoluments

              The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included one (2024: one) director, details of
              whose remuneration are set out above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2024:
              four) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


               Salaries and allowances                                                        4,248                 3,930
               Performance related bonus                                                      3,492                 2,249
               Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                       74                    65
               Equity-settled share-based payment expense                                     7,996                 6,917


                                                                                             15,810                13,161


              The performance related bonus is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the relevant
              individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.




114   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025



11.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Employees’ emoluments (Continued)

      The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration
      fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                Number of employees
                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2025             2024


       HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                       2                       1
       HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                       –                       3
       HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                       1                       –
       HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                       1                       –


                                                                                          4                       4


      No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals
      of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office during
      both years.

12.   DIVIDENDS

      During the current year, a final dividend of RMB0.075 (equivalent to HK$0.081) per ordinary share in respect
      of the year ended 31 December 2024 (2024: nil) was declared and paid to owners of the Company. The
      aggregate amount of the final dividend declared and paid in the current year amounted to RMB50,786,000
      (equivalent to HK$54,608,000) (2024: nil).

      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December
      2025 of RMB0.110 (2024: RMB0.075) per ordinary share has been proposed by the directors of the Company
      and is subject to approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming general meeting.




                                                                                          YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      13.     EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


               Profit for the year attributable to the owners of the
                 Company for the purpose of calculating basic and diluted
                 earnings per share                                            152,965                30,013


                                                                                  No. of shares
                                                                                  2025                  2024


               Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
                 of calculating basic earnings per share                    682,753,553           645,209,615
               Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
                 Share options and RSUs                                      12,120,082            12,137,852


               Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
                of calculating diluted earnings per share                   694,873,635           657,347,467


               Basic earnings per share attributable to
                 owners of the Company (RMB per share)                            0.224                 0.047


               Diluted earnings per share attributable to
                 owners of the Company (RMB per share)                            0.220                 0.046




116   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025



14.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET

                                                   Leasehold     Plant and       Motor             Office Construction
                                                Improvement      machinery      vehicles       equipment in progress             Total
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


      COST
      At 1 January 2024                              139,639        40,961         4,460           32,165             331       217,556
      Acquired on acquisition of subsidiaries           1,448         3,258        5,039             1,002              –        10,747
      Additions                                         6,608         5,498          867             6,730          4,990        24,693
      Transfer                                          2,018           178             –              303         (2,499)             –
      Disposals                                        (1,763)       (3,783)          (66)          (1,624)          (249)        (7,485)


      At 31 December 2024                            147,950        46,112        10,300           38,576           2,573       245,511


      Additions                                        2,966         1,727          962             5,729          1,437        12,821
      Transfer                                         3,802             –            –                 –         (3,802)            –
      Disposals                                       (1,773)       (3,396)        (365)           (2,385)             –        (7,919)


      At 31 December 2025                           152,945        44,443        10,897           41,920             208       250,413


      ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
      At 1 January 2024                               (99,995)      (22,518)      (2,063)         (23,394)              –      (147,970)
      Provided for the year                           (20,395)        (6,927)       (974)           (6,246)             –        (34,542)
      Eliminated on disposals                           1,155          1,471          33             1,194              –          3,853


      At 31 December 2024                            (119,235)      (27,974)      (3,004)         (28,446)              –      (178,659)


      Provided for the year                          (14,439)       (5,254)      (2,298)          (6,028)               –       (28,019)
      Eliminated on disposals                            354         1,272          320            2,438                –         4,384


      At 31 December 2025                           (133,320)      (31,956)      (4,982)         (32,036)               –     (202,294)


      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2025                            19,625        12,487         5,915            9,884             208        48,119


      At 31 December 2024                             28,715        18,138         7,296           10,130           2,573        66,852




                                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      15.     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


               Carrying amounts:
               Leased properties                                                            166,525               201,970


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Depreciation recognised in profit or loss:
               Leased properties                                                             80,316                 77,843


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Expense relating to short-term leases and leases
                 of low-value assets                                                          9,665                 8,027
               Total cash outflow for leases                                                100,019                98,524
               Additions to right-of-use assets                                              44,871               139,683


              For both years, the Group leases various warehouses, offices and offline pharmacies for its operation. Lease
              contracts are entered into for fixed terms of 2 to 5 years (2024: 2 to 5 years) with fixed payments. The Group
              does not have the option to purchase leased properties for a nominal amount at the end of the relevant lease
              terms or any extension/termination options that are solely at the Group’s discretion. The Group determines
              the lease period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.

              In addition, the Group also entered into short-term leases for warehouses, vehicles, equipment and office
              workplace. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of
              short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed above.

              Lease liabilities of RMB175,800,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB166,525,000 as at
              31 December 2025 (2024: lease liabilities of RMB212,307,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
              RMB201,970,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the
              leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purpose.




118   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025



16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                               Licences and             Business             Brand              Office
                                                   franchise        relationship             name            software              Total
                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                    (Note (i))          (Note (ii))       (Note (iii))       (Note (iv))


         COST
         At 1 January 2024                            112,019               9,340                   –           13,617            134,976
         Acquired on acquisition of
           subsidiaries                                 6,648            265,400            184,900                  46           456,994
         Additions                                          –                  –                  –                 394               394
         Disposals                                          –                  –                  –                (177)             (177)


         At 31 December 2024                          118,667            274,740            184,900             13,880            592,187
         Additions                                          –                  –                  –              1,085              1,085


         At 31 December 2025                         118,667            274,740            184,900              14,965           593,272


         AMORTISATION
         At 1 January 2024                             (35,838)            (6,283)                 –             (7,544)           (49,665)
         Charge for the year                           (11,003)            (2,774)            (1,027)            (1,397)           (16,201)
         Eliminated on disposals                             –                  –                  –                177                177


         At 31 December 2024                           (46,841)             (9,057)            (1,027)           (8,764)           (65,689)
         Charge for the year                           (11,498)           (18,993)           (12,327)            (1,567)           (44,385)


         At 31 December 2025                         (58,339)            (28,050)           (13,354)           (10,331)         (110,074)


         CARRYING VALUES
         At 31 December 2025                          60,328            246,690            171,546               4,634           483,198


         At 31 December 2024                           71,826            265,683            183,873               5,116           526,498

      Notes:

      (i)      The licences and franchise acquired by the Group are for pharmaceutical distribution, health inspection and medical testing
               business. The directors of the Company determined the useful life of 10 years of the licenses and franchise with reference to
               the comparable transactions in the open market.

      (ii)     The business relationship was acquired through acquisition of subsidiaries, Guangdong Dongjian Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
               (“Guangdong Dongjian”) and Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd (“Folding Space”) and its subsidiaries (“Yikuai Pharmaceutical”).
               With reference to experience in the industry, historical customer retention rate and the useful life of business relationships
               used by industry peers, the directors of the Company determined 10 to 15 years to be the useful life of the business
               relationship.

      (iii)    The brand name was acquired through acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. The directors of the Company determined the
               useful life of 15 years of the brand name with reference to the comparable transactions in the open market.

      (iv)     The directors of the Company determined the useful life of office software with reference to the term of outstanding
               contract.



                                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025      119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      17.     GOODWILL

              The goodwill was arising from acquisition of Guangdong Dihao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong
              Dihao”), Guangdong Dongjian and Yikuai Pharmaceutical as detailed in Note 31.

                                                        Acquisition of   Acquisition of    Acquisition
                                                          Guangdong        Guangdong         of Yikuai
                                                                Dihao        Dongjian   Pharmaceutical              Total
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000


               COST
               At 1 January 2024                                3,924             5,328                 –             9,252
               Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries
                 (Note 31)                                          –                 –          264,038           264,038


               At 31 December 2024 and
                 31 December 2025                               3,924             5,328          264,038           273,290


               CARRYING VALUES
               At 31 December 2024 and
                 31 December 2025                               3,924             5,328          264,038           273,290


              Impairment testing on goodwill

              For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill have been allocated to two (2024: two) individual
              cash-generating units, comprising Guangdong Dihao and Guangdong Dongjian in self-operation business
              and one sub-group, Yikuai Pharmaceutical in self-operation business. The carrying amounts of goodwill
              allocated to these two (2024: two) cash-generating units as follows:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Self-operation business
                 – Guangdong Dihao and Guangdong Dongjian                                       9,252                 9,252
               Self – operation business
                 – Yikuai Pharmaceutical (Note 31)                                           264,038               264,038


                                                                                             273,290               273,290


              In addition to goodwill above, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
              (including allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also
              included in the respective cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment assessment.




120   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025



17.   GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

      Impairment testing on goodwill (Continued)

      The recoverable amount has been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses cash
      flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period (2024: 5-year),
      and discount rate of 16% (2024: 16%). The cash flows beyond the 5-year period (2024: 5-year) are extrapolated
      using the estimated constant growth rate of 2% (2024: 2%). This growth rate is based on the relevant industry
      growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry.

      During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, management of the Group determines that there is no
      impairment on the cash-generating unit. The recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount
      of the cash-generating unit. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
      assumptions would not result in impairment.

18.   INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


       Investment in an associate under equity method                                             19,040                          –


      Details of the Group’s associate at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:

                                              Place of
                                              incorporation/              Proportion of
                                              establishment/           ownership interests/
                                              principal place           voting rights held
       Name of associate                      of business                 by the Group                 Principal activities
                                                                          2025           2024


       Guangdong Yiyao Digital                The PRC                  38.46%/               N/A       Retail of
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                            33.33%                           pharmaceutical and
        (“Guangdong Yiyao”) (Note)                                                                       healthcare products

      Note:   On 4 July 2025 (the “Acquisition Date”), the Group invested in 38.46% equity interest in Guangdong Yiyao at a cash
              consideration of RMB25,000,000. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Guangdong Yiyao because it has
              the right to appoint one out of the three directors of Guangdong Yiyao under the article of association of Guangdong
              Yiyao.


      The investment in Guangdong Yiyao is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial
      statements. Summarised financial information in respect of Guangdong Yiyao which was prepared in
      accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards is set out below.




                                                                                                         YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025    121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      18.     INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE (CONTINUED)

              Guangdong Yiyao

                                                                                                                 As at
                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                 2025
                                                                                                              RMB’000


               Non-current assets                                                                                18,521
               Current assets                                                                                    72,199
               Current liabilities                                                                              (68,583)
               Non-current liabilities                                                                          (20,194)


               Net assets                                                                                         1,943


                                                                                                              From the
                                                                                                            Acquisition
                                                                                                               Date to
                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                 2025
                                                                                                              RMB’000


               Revenue                                                                                          108,298


               Loss for the year                                                                                (15,496)


              Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of interest in Guangdong
              Yiyao recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                                               RMB’000


               Net assets of Guangdong Yiyao                                                                      1,943
               Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Guangdong Yiyao                                  38.46%


               The Group’s share of net assets of Guangdong Yiyao                                                   747
               Goodwill                                                                                          18,293
               Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Guangdong Yiyao                                        19,040




122   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025



19.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


       Pharmaceutical and healthcare products                                                1,894,033                1,480,975
       Less: impairment provision                                                              (20,837)                  (16,427)


                                                                                             1,873,196                1,464,548


20.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


       Trade receivables                                                                        95,560                    34,952
       Less: allowance for credit losses                                                        (1,142)                     (794)


                                                                                                94,418                    34,158
       Note receivables                                                                         40,219                    52,111


       Total trade and note receivables                                                        134,637                    86,269


       Advance to suppliers                                                                    350,669                  287,698
       Other tax recoverable                                                                     2,190                    1,911
       Prepaid expense                                                                          28,233                   16,912
       Receivables in custodian (Note)                                                          92,320                   74,760
       Other receivables                                                                       128,237                  115,099
       Receivables from exercise of share options                                                   21                        8


       Total trade and other receivables                                                       736,307                  582,657

      Note:   The amounts represented the payments received from online customers of Self-operation business which would deposit in
              escrow account and subsequently withdraw by the Group upon the customers’ acceptance of product delivery.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025    123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      20.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

              Trade receivables

              As at 1 January 2024, trade and note receivables from contracts with customers amounted to approximately
              RMB39,068,000.

              The Group requires full payment in advance for its online product sales, certain offline product sales and retail
              sales. For other customers, the Group primarily allows a credit period of 30 days. Trade receivables are settled
              in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. Aging analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance
              for credit losses, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


               Within 3 months                                                                  72,055                26,856
               3 to 6 months                                                                    10,173                 1,895
               6 to 12 months                                                                    9,816                 3,125
               Over 12 months                                                                    3,516                 3,076


                                                                                                95,560                34,952
               Less: allowance for credit losses                                                (1,142)                 (794)


                                                                                                94,418                34,158


              Note receivables are trade receivables supported by bank acceptance notes and the average ageing is
              within 2 to 6 months based on the received date and have a maturity period of less than one year, which
              management believes that no impairment allowance is necessary as there is no significant change in
              credit quality and the balances are considered fully recoverable. As at 31 December 2025, the amounts of
              RMB38,645,000 (2024: RMB48,046,000) note receivables were endorsed to settle trade payables, which were
              not derecognised until the maturity date of the endorsed notes.

              As at 31 December 2025, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with an aggregate
              carrying amount of RMB29,168,000 (2024: RMB10,372,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of
              the past due balances approximately RMB18,338,000 (2024: RMB8,025,000) have been past due over 90 days
              or more and are not considered as in default as there has not been a significant change in credit quality and
              amounts are still considered as recoverable based on historical experience. The Group does not hold any
              collateral over these balances.

              Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 33.




124   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025



21a. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


       Current
       Unlisted equity investment                                                                 27,660                    10,198
       Wealth management products (Note i)                                                       318,228                   390,216
       Notes and investment funds (Note i)                                                       362,272                   295,535


                                                                                                 708,160                   695,949


       Non-current
       Limited partnership fund investment (Note ii)                                                6,000                          –

    Notes:

    (i)      The return of wealth management products and notes and investment funds were determined by reference to the return of
             their underlying investments. The wealth management products and the notes can be redeemed any time at the Group’s
             discretion and the investment funds can be redeemed any time at the Group’s discretion or upon a fixed period of one year
             at the Group’s request by giving a 60 business days notice.


    (ii)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group invested into a limited partnership fund. The duration of the limited
             partnership is eight years and the Group has no right to early withdraw from the partnership. As a limited partner, the
             Group has no significant influence in the investment decision-making committee. As of 31 December 2025, the Group has
             commitment of RMB9,000,000 for further investment into the fund which will be paid upon the general partner’s calls.


    Since the contractual cash flows of these financial assets do not represent solely the payments of principal and
    interest on the principal amount outstanding, the financial assets are measured at FVTPL. Details of the fair
    value measurement over the financial assets are disclosed in Note 33.




                                                                                                         YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025     125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      21b. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTISED COST

                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


               Long-term notes instrument
                 – principal                                                                  150,000                       –
                 – interest receivables                                                         2,351                       –


                                                                                              152,351                       –


              During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group invested into a 10-year notes instrument, which is
              principle protected with annual interest rate of 3.45%. The instrument is callable annually by the issuer from
              July 2027 to July 2034.

              The investment is held by the Group within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
              flows, and the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
              and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Hence, the investment in long-term notes instrument is
              measured at amortised cost.

      22.     TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


               Time deposits with original maturity of three months or less                     3,085                 32,146
               Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                 735,344                503,428


                                                                                              738,429                535,574


               Presented as:
                 Current                                                                      330,429                281,574
                 Non-current                                                                  408,000                254,000


                                                                                              738,429                535,574


              As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s time deposits of approximately RMB588,429,000 (2024: RMB355,574,000)
              were held in designated bank accounts for issuance of bank acceptance notes.

              The Group’s time deposits are bank deposits and redeemable on maturity. The weight-average interest rates
              of the time deposits were 2.15% per annum as at 31 December 2025 (2024: 2.49%).

              Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 33.




126   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025



23.   RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS/BANK BALANCES AND CASH

      Restricted bank deposits represents deposits held in designated bank accounts for issuance of bank
      acceptance notes. The restricted bank deposits carry interest rate ranging from 0.05% to 2.35% per annum as
      at 31 December 2025 (2024: 0.10% to 2.50%).

      Bank balances and cash consists of balance with banks and cash on hand. Bank balances carry interest at
      prevailing market rates.

      Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 33.

24.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


       Trade payables                                                              1,515,914               1,456,784
       Note payables                                                               2,439,232               1,702,051
       Salary and welfare payables                                                   225,507                 155,931
       Other tax payables                                                             22,114                  27,571
       Consideration payable on acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)                 30,708                  42,721
       Other payables                                                                412,864                 353,767
       Deposits received                                                               1,026                     848


                                                                                   4,647,365               3,739,673


      Trade payables

      The credit period of trade payables is ranging from 30 to 90 days. An ageing analysis of the trade payables
      based on the invoice date at the end of each reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


       0-30 days                                                                   1,133,594               1,050,288
       31-90 days                                                                    298,641                 334,464
       Over 90 days                                                                   83,679                  72,032


                                                                                   1,515,914               1,456,784


      Note payables

      All note payables issued by the Group are with a maturity period of less than six months.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      25.     CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


               Receipts in advances from customers                                               25,174                 29,608


              As at 1 January 2024, contract liabilities amounted to approximately RMB10,308,000.

              The Group generally requires advance payments from certain of its customers before delivery of goods. This
              will give rise to a contract liability at the beginning of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant
              contract exceeds the amount received.

              The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
              2024 relates to the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year:

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


               Revenue recognised during the year                                                29,608                 10,308


      26.     LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


               Lease liabilities payable
               Within one year                                                                   80,106                 82,271
               Within a period of more than one year but not more than
                 two years                                                                       53,277                 68,424
               Within a period of more than two years but not more than
                 five years                                                                      42,417                 61,612


                                                                                                175,800                212,307
               Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown
                      under current liabilities                                                 (80,106)                (82,271)


               Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
                under non-current liabilities                                                    95,694                130,036


              The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied by the relevant group entities are 4.75% (2024:
              4.75%) per annum.




128   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025



27.   BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


       Advance from banks on discounted note receivables
         with recourse repayable within one year (Note)                                      151,653                   21,207


       Analysed as:
       Unsecured                                                                             151,653                   21,207


       Carrying amounts repayable within one year and
         shown under current liabilities                                                     151,653                   21,207

      Note:   All note receivables discounted to banks as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were arising from intragroup transactions
              among members of the Group, which were eliminated in full on consolidation.


      The effective interest rates (which was also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group’s bank borrowing
      are as follow:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


       Effective interest rate:
       Advance from banks on discounted
         note receivables with recourse                                                0.65%-1.53%              0.90%-1.60%


      All of the borrowings are denominated in RMB which is the same as the functional currency of the
      corresponding group entities.




                                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      28.     SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                   Number of shares    Share capital   Presented as
                                                                                                US$        RMB’000


                  Authorised:
                  At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and
                    31 December 2025                                  20,000,000,000         50,000


                  Issued and fully paid:
                  At 1 January 2024                                      640,485,502          1,602             11
                  Issued in consideration for the acquisition
                     of the issued share capital of subsidiaries
                     (Note 31)                                            31,678,555             79              1
                  Exercise of share options and vesting of
                     RSUs (Note 29)                                        3,601,944              9               *


                  At 31 December 2024                                    675,766,001          1,690             12


                  Issued in consideration for the
                     acquisition of the issued share
                     capital of subsidiaries (Note 31)                    3,372,164               8               *
                  Share repurchased and cancelled (Note i)               (5,635,000)            (14)              *
                  Exercise of share options and vesting
                     of RSUs (Note 29)                                    7,693,693              19               *


                  At 31 December 2025                                  681,196,858            1,703             12

              *         Amount is less than RMB1,000.




130   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025



28.   SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

      Note:

      (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company purchased its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange as
              follows:

                                                                          No. of                                        Aggregate
                                                                 ordinary shares           Price per share            consideration
               Month of repurchase                                         (Note)       Highest        Lowest                  paid
                                                                                           HK$            HK$             HK$’000


               1                                                       1,060,000           5.85          5.44                5,994
               2                                                         500,000           5.93          5.88                3,050
               5                                                       5,925,000           8.40          6.98               45,281
               6                                                         460,000          10.34          9.55                4,596
               8                                                         100,000          10.27         10.21                1,023
               10                                                        400,000          11.21          9.72                4,261
               11                                                      1,300,000           8.20          6.95               10,105


               Total                                                   9,745,000                                            74,310

              Note:    2,310,000 of ordinary shares were purchased by the Company through a trust through the Stock Exchange with an
                       aggregate consideration of HK$14,623,000 paid.

              During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased 300,000 of its own ordinary Shares through a trust
              through the Stock Exchange with an aggregate consideration of HK$2,429,000 paid.

              During the year ended 31 December 2025, 5,635,000 (2024: Nil) shares were cancelled upon repurchased.

              Except for the purchase above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
              listed securities during the year.


29.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group

      2017 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 2 February 2017, Guangzhou Sudao adopted the “2017 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which
      the Group was authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to directors,
      officers and employees of Guangzhou Sudao. Under the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, a maximum number of
      980,000 shares of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao will be issued. Share options were granted with an
      exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Guangzhou Sudao’s ordinary shares at the date of
      grant, and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the
      board of directors of Guangzhou Sudao, and are subject to a continued service relationship. Effective on 1
      January 2019, the Group terminated the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, meaning that, while no additional awards
      of share options, share appreciation rights, or restricted share were permitted thereunder, all outstanding
      awards continued to be governed by their existing terms.




                                                                                                         YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      29.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

              Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

              2019 Share Incentive Plan

              Effective on 27 February 2019, the Company adopted the “2019 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the
              Company is authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to directors,
              officers and employees who provide services to the Company and its affiliates. Under the 2019 Share Incentive
              Plan, a maximum number of 6,388,742 ordinary shares of the Company will be issued. Share options are to be
              granted with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the date
              of grant, and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the
              board of directors of the Company, and are subject generally to a continued service relationship.

              Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
              Share incentive Plan

              On 7 December 2018, as part of the share exchange arrangement, Guangzhou Sudao would i) substitute 1
              share of ordinary share of Guangzhou Sudao under the 2017 Share incentive Plan and ii) assume on the same
              terms and conditions as the 2017 Share incentive Plan, share appreciation rights, and restricted share under
              the 2019 Share Incentive Plan as defined and detailed below. The directors of the Company considered that
              the modification of terms of 2017 Share Incentive Plan have no material change in fair value of the share
              options at the date of modification.

              Two share options can be converted into one ordinary share of the Company upon exercise. Following
              the Share Subdivision, each share option can be converted into two ordinary shares of the Company upon
              exercise.




132   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025



29.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2017 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                  At   Exercised          At    Exercised          At
                                  Grant    Vesting     Expiry   Exercise   1 January      during 31 December       during 31 December
       Options                     year     Period       year      price        2024    the year        2024     the year        2025
                                            (Note)                  US$


       Directors and employees
       Tranche 2017-7              2017     4 years      2027       0.30   1,104,755    (118,872)    985,883    (186,626)     799,257
       Tranche 2017-7              2017     4 years      2027       0.30      84,424     (13,600)     70,824     (57,139)      13,685
       Tranche 2018-1              2018     4 years      2028       0.30     169,286           –     169,286           –      169,286
       Tranche 2018-2              2018     4 years      2028       0.30     555,982           –     555,982           –      555,982
       Tranche 2018-12             2018     4 years      2028       1.05     653,759           –     653,759           –      653,759


                                                                           2,568,206    (132,472)   2,435,734   (243,765)   2,191,969


       Exercisable at the end
         of the year                                                       2,568,206                2,435,734               2,191,969


       Weighted average
        exercise price (US$)                                                    0.49        0.30         0.50       0.30         0.52

      Note:    For the options with vesting period of 4 years, one quarter of options become vested at the end of each year during the
               vesting period.


      Except for the exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited or expired
      during the year. As at 31 December 2025, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share options
      was RMB3.68 (2024: RMB3.60).




                                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      29.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

              Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

              Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
              Share incentive Plan (Continued)

              The following table discloses movements of share options under 2019 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                  At Forfeited Exercised          At        Forfeited   Exercised          At
                                       Grant    Vesting    Expiry Exercise 1 January   during     during 31 December           during      during 31 December
               Options                  year     Period      year    price      2024 the year the year          2024         the year    the year        2025
                                                (Note i)              US$


               Directors and
                 employees
               Tranche 2019-3           2019    4 years     2029      1.05    51,700            –         –        51,700          –           –        51,700
               Tranche 2019-4           2019    4 years     2029      1.05         –            –         –             –          –           –             –
               Tranche 2019-10          2019    4 years     2029      0.94 1,704,000            –    (7,400)    1,696,600          –     (90,700)    1,605,900
               Tranche 2019-11          2019    4 years     2029      2.00     5,100            –    (5,100)            –          –           –             –
               Tranche 2020-1           2020    4 years     2030      1.05    37,500            –         –        37,500          –           –        37,500
               Tranche 2020-4           2020    4 years     2030      1.05 191,800              – (11,300)        180,500          –     (39,700)      140,800
               Tranche 2021-1           2021    4 years     2031      1.60        16            –         –            16          –           –            16
               Tranche 2021-2           2021    4 years     2031      2.00 707,000        (30,875)   (1,900)      674,225          –     (23,475)      650,750
               Tranche 2021-11          2021    4 years     2031      2.00 4,025,403    (185,175) (19,800)      3,820,428    (60,250)   (219,786)    3,540,392
               Tranche 2021-12          2021    4 years     2031      2.00 399,500      (175,000) (125,000)        99,500          –     (99,500)            –
               Tranche 2022-2           2022    4 years     2032      2.00 761,550      (158,250)    (2,900)      600,400    (17,000)    (59,490)      523,910
               Tranche 2022-5–1         2022    4 years     2032      2.00    18,000            –         –        18,000          –           –        18,000
               Tranche 2022-5–2         2022    4 years     2032      0.80 2,320,000            – (500,000)     1,820,000          –           –     1,820,000
                                             Immediate
                                              After IPO
               Tranche 2022-5–3         2022 (Note ii)      2032      0.80 1,330,000            – (500,000)       830,000          –           –       830,000
               Tranche 2022-7–1         2022    4 years     2032      2.00 555,000        (25,000)       –        530,000    (17,500)    (15,000)      497,500
               Tranche 2023-1–1         2023    4 years     2033      2.00 200,000              –        –        200,000          –           –       200,000
               Tranche 2023-1–1         2023 Immediate      2033      0.00    50,000            –        –         50,000          –           –        50,000
               Tranche 2023-1–5         2023    4 years     2033      2.00    32,759            –        –         32,759     (3,500)     (1,759)       27,500
               Tranche 2023-3–2         2023    4 years     2033      2.00    20,000            –        –         20,000          –           –        20,000
               Tranche 2023-6–10        2023    4 years     2033      2.00 2,438,000    (262,500)   (1,500)     2,174,000   (106,000)    (73,400)    1,994,600


                                                                           14,847,328 (836,800) (1,174,900)    12,835,628   (204,250)   (622,810)   12,008,568


               Exercisable at the
                 end of the year                                            6,110,828                           7,947,378                           10,106,818


               Weighted average
                exercise price (US$)                                             1.56      2.00        0.96          1.58       2.00        1.79          1.57




134   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025



29.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      Notes:

      (i)      For the options with vesting period of 4 years, one quarter of options become vested at the end of each year during the
               vesting period.

      (ii)     In May 2022, the Company granted 1,330,000 share options to Mr. Fei Chen, an executive director of the Company. These
               options are vested on the date when the Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


      Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited or
      expired during the year. As at 31 December 2025, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
      options was RMB10.24 (2024: RMB10.14).

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately
      RMB12,776,000 (2024: RMB27,673,000) in relation to share options granted by the Group.

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group

      2023 Share Incentive Plan

      The 2023 Share Incentive Plan was first adopted by the Board on 12 June 2023 and took effect immediately
      upon the Listing. Since the Listing, the 2023 Share Incentive Plan is subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
      Under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, a maximum number of 63,235,005 ordinary shares of the Company can
      be issued to employee participants, related party participant and service provider participant. The RSUs under
      this plan have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board
      of directors of the Company, and are subject to performance targets and other condition on case by case
      basis.




                                                                                                          YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025    135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      29.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

              Equity-settled award shares of the Group (Continued)

              2023 Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

              The following table discloses movements of RSUs under 2023 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                       At    Granted    Forfeited    Exercised          At    Granted    Forfeited   Exercised          At
                                    Grant   Vesting    Expiry   1 January      during      during       during 31 December      during      during      during 31 December
               RSUs                  year    Period      year        2024    the year    the year     the year        2024    the year    the year    the year        2025
                                              (Note)


               Directors and
                  employees
               Tranche 2023-9–4      2023    2 years    2033      610,900           –     (87,550)   (270,050)      253,300         –     (22,675) (230,625)             –
               Tranche 2023-9–4      2023    4 years    2033    3,108,100           –   (380,500)    (711,150)    2,016,450         –    (159,675) (622,075)     1,234,700
               Tranche 2024-2–6      2024     1 year    2034            –   1,462,500   (160,100)            –    1,302,400         –     (31,240) (1,271,160)           –
               Tranche 2024-2–6      2024    2 years    2034            –   3,795,000   (285,000)            –    3,510,000         –    (245,500) (1,692,000)   1,572,500
               Tranche 2024-2–6      2024    3 years    2034            –   5,655,000   (160,000)            –    5,495,000         –    (349,583) (1,642,082)   3,503,335
               Tranche 2024-2–6      2024    4 years    2034            –      40,000            –           –       40,000         –           –     (10,000)      30,000
               Tranche 2024-11-6     2024     1 year    2034            –       7,000            –           –        7,000         –           –      (7,000)           –
               Tranche 2024-11-6     2024    2 years    2034            –     784,000     (30,000)           –      754,000         –     (30,000) (362,000)       362,000
               Tranche 2024-11-6     2024    3 years    2034            –   1,212,000            –           –    1,212,000         –           – (404,000)        808,000
               Tranche 2024-11-6     2024    4 years    2034            –      40,000            –           –       40,000         –           –     (10,000)      30,000
               Tranche 2025-4–3      2025    2 years    2035            –           –            –           –            –    20,000           –           –       20,000
               Tranche 2025-4–3      2025    3 years    2035            –           –            –           –            –   960,000           –           –      960,000


                                                                3,719,000 12,995,500 (1,103,150)     (981,200)   14,630,150   980,000    (838,673) (6,250,942)   8,520,535


               Exercisable at the
                 end of the year                                       –                                                 –                                               –

              Note:      The RSUs generally vest ratably over an one – to four-year vesting period.


              Except for the forfeited or exercised RSUs disclosed above, no other RSUs were vested, forfeited or expired
              during the year.

              These fair values of the RSUs were determined by the share price of the Company at grant date.

              During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately
              RMB51,352,000 (2024: RMB110,019,000) in relation to RSUs granted by the Group.




136   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025



30.   RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN

      The eligible employees of the Company’s subsidiaries in PRC are members of pension schemes operated by
      local government of the PRC. The subsidiaries in the PRC are required to contribute a certain percentage of
      the relevant cost of payroll of these employees to the pension schemes to fund the benefits. There were no
      forfeited contributions under these pension schemes for both years.

      The contributions to the retirement benefits schemes for employees of the Group and directors of the
      Company during the year are disclosed in Notes 10 and 11, respectively.

31.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

      For the year ended 31 December 2024

      On 15 October 2024, the Company and the independent third parties (“Sellers”) entered into an equity
      transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to purchase and the Sellers have agreed to
      sell 100% of the equity interest in Yikuai Pharmaceutical. Folding Space is an investment holding company and
      Yikuai Pharmaceutical is principally engaged in business-to-business pharmaceutical supply chain, operation
      service platform and related businesses. The acquisition is conducive to the Group’s downstream customer
      synergies and upstream procurement synergies, leading to enhanced efficiency in reusing systems and
      warehouse infrastructures.

      The consideration consists of:

      (i)     the completion consideration payable to the Sellers with the cash consideration of RMB371.39 million
              and the remaining consideration by way of the allotment and issue of 38,868,918 considerations shares
              by the Company (the “Completion Consideration”);

      (ii)    subject to the satisfaction of the performance targets, the contingent consideration payable to founder
              sellers (the “Founder Sellers”), with the cash consideration of RMB60 million and the remaining
              consideration by way of the allotment and issue of 13,065,386 considerations shares by the Company
              (the “Contingent Consideration”); and

      (iii)   subject to the satisfaction of the relevant conditions, contingent consideration by way of the allotment
              and issue of 4,357,561 consideration shares by the Company to one of the Sellers (the “Manager
              Sellers”) upon the completion of the sales and purchase of the shares of Folding Space held by the
              Manager Sellers.

      The acquisition has been completed on 26 November 2024, pursuant to which the Group has acquired
      approximately 85.64% of the share capital of Folding Space and 100% of equity interest of Hunan Yikuai
      Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd., and its wholly owned subsidiaries (“Hunan Yikuai Group”), except for
      Hunan Yizheng Biotechnology R&D Co., Ltd.(“Hunan Yizheng”) and Changsha Daliwan Culture Media Co.,
      Ltd.(“Changsha Daliwan”), in which the Group holds 70% and 90% of equity interest, respectively. Hunan
      Yikuai Group is the PRC operating entities of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. The acquisition has been accounted for as
      acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

      Details of the acquisition were set out in the announcements of the Company dated 15 October 2024, 28
      October 2024 and 26 November 2024.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      31.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

              Fair value and settlement of consideration transferred for the acquisitions of:

                                                                         Consideration shares (Note i)
                                                              Cash         Number of                           Total
                                                           RMB’000             shares         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                          (Note 24)


               Completion Consideration                      371,390         38,868,918         225,795      597,185

               During the year ended 31
                 December 2024
               Settlement of the Completion
                 Consideration                              (328,669)       (31,678,555)        (184,025)    (512,694)


               As of 31 December 2024                         42,721          7,190,363          41,770       84,491


               During the year ended 31
                 December 2025
               Settlement of the Completion
                 Consideration                               (35,558)        (1,386,617)          (8,055)     (43,613)


               As of 31 December 2025                          7,163          5,803,746          33,715       40,878


               Presented as:
               As of 31 December 2025
                 – Trade and other payable
                   (Note 24)                                   7,163                  –               –        7,163
                 – Deferred consideration shares                   –          5,803,746          33,715       33,715


               Total                                           7,163          5,803,746          33,715       40,878


               As of 31 December 2024
                 – Trade and other payable
                   (Note 24)                                  42,721                  –               –       42,721
                 – Deferred consideration shares                   –          7,190,363          41,770       41,770


               Total                                          42,721          7,190,363          41,770       84,491




138   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025



31.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

                                                           Consideration shares
                                                  Cash    Number of                                Total
                                               RMB’000       shares         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                              (Note 24)


      Contingent Consideration (Note ii)         53,347   10,546,428            61,266            114,613

      During the year ended 31
        December 2024
      Fair value change (Note 7)                   261              –           (6,183)             (5,922)


      As of 31 December 2024                     53,608   10,546,428            55,083            108,691


      During the year ended 31
        December 2025
      Fair value change (Note 7)                  3,137             –           (1,025)              2,112
      Settlement of the Contingent
        Consideration                                 –    (1,985,547)         (12,534)            (12,534)


      As of 31 December 2025                     56,745    8,560,881            41,524              98,269


      Presented as:
      As of 31 December 2025
        – Trade and other payable
          (Note 24)                              23,545            –                 –              23,545
        – Deferred consideration shares               –    1,061,641             5,149               5,149
        – Contingent consideration               33,200    7,499,240            36,375              69,575


      Total                                      56,745    8,560,881            41,524              98,269


      As of 31 December 2024
        – Contingent consideration               53,608   10,546,428            55,083            108,691




                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      31.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

              Notes:

              (i)      The fair value of the consideration shares is determined by reference to the quoted market price of HK$6.29 (equivalent to
                       RMB5.81) per each ordinary share of the Company at the date of obtaining the control of the Yikuai Pharmaceutical.

              (ii)     Based on the equity transfer agreement, the Company is required to pay additional considerations to the Founder Sellers
                       and Manager Sellers if Yikuai Pharmaceutical meets the respective performance target of each instalment.

                       The Contingent Consideration consists of two parts:

                       Part 1: a total cash amount of RMB60 million and a total of 6,188,867 consideration shares payable to the Founder Seller and
                       a total of 4,357,561 consideration shares to the Manager Seller, which comprises three instalments corresponding to year
                       2025, 2026 and first quarter of year 2027; and

                       Part 2: a total of 6,876,519 consideration shares to the Founder Seller, which comprises two instalments corresponding to
                       year 2025 and year 2026.

                       As part of the equity transfer agreement, contingent consideration is payable, which is dependent on the core business
                       operating revenue (“CBOR”) growth rate and the amount of net profit for each of the two years 2025, 2026 and the first
                       quarter of year 2027 of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. Details of the Consideration Shares were set out in the announcement of the
                       Company dated 15 October 2024.

                       Based on the directors’ best estimate with reference to the historical performance of Yikuai Pharmaceutical, the directors
                       of the Company considered Yikuai Pharmaceutical are highly probable to meet the performance target in relation to part
                       1 Contingent Consideration. The fair value of the Contingent Consideration at the date of acquisition was determined
                       by i) the present value of the cash consideration payable of RMB60 million in Part 1; and ii) the fair value of 10,546,428
                       consideration shares in Part 1 which was determined by reference to the quoted market price of HK$6.29 (equivalent to
                       RMB5.81) per each ordinary share of the Company at the date of obtaining the control of the Yikuai Pharmaceutical. The
                       Contingent Consideration is subsequently measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

                       As of 31 December 2025, Yikuai Pharmaceutical met the performance target of year 2025 and the Contingent Consideration
                       of approximately RMB23,545,000 and RMB5,149,000 have been transferred to trade and other payable and deferred
                       consideration shares, respectively

              (iii)    Acquisition-related expenses amounting to RMB3,961,000 have been excluded from the consideration transferred and have
                       been recognised as an expense in the year ended 31 December 2024, within the “General and administrative expenses”
                       line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


              For the purpose of the acquisitions, the Group engaged an external independent valuer to perform the
              valuation with the identification and determination of fair values to be assigned to the acquiree’s assets and
              liabilities as at the acquisition date.




140   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025



31.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

      Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                          RMB’000


       Property, plant and equipment                                                                        10,476
       Right-of-use assets                                                                                  29,520
       Intangible assets                                                                                   454,233
       Inventories                                                                                         146,645
       Trade and other receivables                                                                          81,375
       Bank balances and cash                                                                               68,277
       Restricted bank deposits                                                                             36,849
       Trade and other payables                                                                           (214,857)
       Contract liabilities                                                                                (18,872)
       Lease liabilities                                                                                   (31,599)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                           (113,550)


                                                                                                           448,497


      The receivables acquired (which principally comprised trade receivables) had gross contractual amounts of
      RMB84,663,000 at the date of acquisition.

      Non-controlling interests

      The non-controlling interests in Hunan Yizheng and Changsha Daliwan, subsidiaries of Hunan Yikuai,
      recognised at the acquisition date was measured by reference to the proportionate share of recognised
      amounts of net assets and amounted to RMB737,000.

      Goodwill arising on acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical

                                                                                                          RMB’000


       Consideration transferred                                                                           711,798
       Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                         737
       Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                    (448,497)


       Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                     264,038


      Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical because the consideration paid for the acquisition
      included amounts in relation to enhanced efficiency in reusing systems and warehouse infrastructures
      as benefits of expected synergies, better revenue growth prospect, future market development and the
      assembled business cooperation brought by Yikuai Pharmaceutical. These benefits are not recognised
      separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

      None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      31.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

              Net cash outflow on acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical

                                                                                                                   RMB’000


               During the year ended 31 December 2024
               Cash consideration paid                                                                              328,669
               Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                                (68,277)


                                                                                                                    260,392


              Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

              Included in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 is RMB10,000 attributable to the additional
              business generated by Yikuai Pharmaceutical. Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024 includes
              RMB102,079,000 generated from Yikuai Pharmaceutical.

              Had the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical been completed on 1 January 2024, revenue for the year ended
              31 December 2024 of the Group would have been RMB926,298,000, and loss for the year ended 31 December
              2024 would have been RMB79,663,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not
              necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been
              achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2024, nor is it intended to be a projection of future
              results.

              In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit (loss) of the Group had Yikuai Pharmaceutical been acquired
              at the beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company calculated amortization of the intangible
              assets and the reversal of the relevant deferred tax liabilities based on the recognised amounts of intangible
              assets and deferred tax liabilities at the date of the acquisition.

      32.     CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

              The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
              while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
              Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

              The capital structure of the Group consists of net debts, which include lease liabilities as disclosed in Note 26
              and bank borrowings as disclosed in Note 27, net of bank balances and cash, and time deposits with original
              maturity of three months or less and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share
              capital, retained profits, other reserves and non-controlling interests.

              The management reviews the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review, the management
              considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
              the management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new
              share issues and share buy-backs as well as and continuity of funding of cash flows from operating activities.




142   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025



33.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      (a)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


             Financial assets
             Time deposits                                                             738,429                 535,574
             Restricted bank deposits                                                1,636,628               1,134,621
             Bank balances and cash                                                    706,874               1,009,082
             Trade and other receivables                                               355,215                 276,136
             Amount due from an associate                                                9,617                       –
             Other financial assets at amortised cost                                  152,351                       –


             Financial assets at amortised cost                                      3,599,114               2,955,413


             Financial assets at FVTPL                                                 714,160                 695,949


             Financial liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                4,399,744               3,556,171
             Bank borrowings                                                           151,653                  21,207


             Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                 4,551,397               3,577,378


             Financial liabilities at FVTPL
             Contingent consideration payables                                           69,575                108,691


      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies

            The Group’s financial instruments include time deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and
            cash, trade and other receivables, amount due from an associate, financial assets at FVTPL, other
            financial assets at amortised cost, trade and other payables, bank borrowings, contingent consideration
            payables and financial guarantee contracts. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in
            respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments mainly include market risk
            (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these
            risks are set out below. The management of the Group manages and monitors these exposures to
            ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      33.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Market risk

                      Currency risk

                      Certain bank balances, time deposits and financial assets at FVTPL denominated in foreign currency of
                      respective group entities expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The Group currently does not have
                      a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure
                      and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. The carrying
                      amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the end of
                      both years are mainly as follows:

                                                                                                   Assets
                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


                       US$                                                                   173,570               197,284
                       HK$                                                                   116,288               125,447


                      Sensitivity analysis

                      The following details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2024: 5%) increase and decrease in RMB against
                      US$ and HK$. 5% (2024: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally
                      to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
                      change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
                      denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a
                      5% (2024: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. For a 5% (2024: 5%) weakening/strengthening of
                      RMB against US$, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 would increase/
                      decrease by approximately RMB6,509,000 (2024: RMB7,398,000). For a 5% (2024: 5%) weakening/
                      strengthening of RMB against HK$, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2025
                      would increase/decrease by approximately RMB4,361,000 (2024: RMB4,704,000).




144   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025



33.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Market risk (Continued)

            Interest rate risk

            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to other financial assets at amortised
            cost as disclosed in Note 21b, lease liabilities as disclosed in Note 26 and bank borrowings as disclosed
            in Note 27.

            The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate time deposit,
            restricted bank deposits and bank balances as disclosed in Notes 22 and 23 respectively. The Group’s
            cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on restricted bank
            deposits, and bank balances.

            The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging policy. The management of the Group
            consider the Group’s exposure of the restricted bank deposits and bank balances to interest rate risk
            is insignificant as the fluctuation of market interest rate and PRC prime rate is not expected to be
            significant, no sensitivity analysis is presented accordingly.

            Credit risk and impairment assessment

            Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
            resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable
            to trade and note receivables, other receivable, other financial assets at amortised cost, time deposits,
            restricted bank deposits, bank balances, amount due from an associate and financial guarantee
            contracts. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks
            associated with its financial assets.

            The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets under ECL model. Information about
            the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related impairment
            assessment, if applicable, are summarised as below:

            Trade and note receivables and amount due from an associate arising from contracts with customers

            In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
            for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that
            follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable
            amount of each individual significant trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure that
            adequate impairment loss is recognised for irrecoverable amount. In this regard, the directors of the
            Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      33.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Trade and note receivables and amount due from an associate arising from contracts with customers
                      (Continued)

                      The Group does not have significant credit risk exposure to any single counterparty or any group
                      of counterparties having similar characteristics. The Group defines counterparties as having similar
                      characteristics if they are related entities. Concentration of credit risk related to the largest customer
                      of the Group did not exceed 5% of gross monetary assets at any time during the year. Concentration
                      of credit risk to any other counterparty did not exceed 5% of gross monetary assets at any time during
                      the year. The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the fact that the customer base is large and
                      unrelated.

                      Except for the amount due from an associate, the Group performs impairment assessment individually,
                      the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade and note receivables on a
                      collective basis. Trade and note receivables are grouped by internal credit rating based on shared
                      credit risk characteristics by reference to past due exposure for the customers. During the year ended
                      31 December 2025, the Group recognised credit loss allowance of approximately RMB348,000 (2024:
                      reversed credit loss allowance RMB265,000) for trade receivables based on collective assessment.
                      Impairment allowance for amount due from an associate and note receivables as at 31 December 2025
                      and 2024 were not material.

                      The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which
                      accounted for 100% of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                      Other receivables

                      The Group assessed the loss allowance for other receivables on 12m ECL basis as the Group has
                      considered that credit risks on these financial assets have not increased significantly since initial
                      recognition. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the historical default
                      experience and forward looking information as appropriate. The Group has considered the consistently
                      low historical default rate in connection with payments and the Group also actively monitors the
                      outstanding amounts owed by each debtor and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to
                      reduce the risk of a credit related loss. For the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, management
                      of the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables was insignificant and thus no loss allowance was
                      recognised.




146   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025



33.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

            Other financial assets at amortised cost

            The credit risks on other financial assets at amortised cost are limited because the counterparties
            are professional investment bank institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit
            agencies.

            The Group makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of other financial assets at amortised cost
            based by reference to forward-looking information. The Group assessed 12m ECL for other financial
            assets at amortised cost by reference to information relating to probability of default and loss given
            default of the respective credit rating grades published by external credit rating agencies. Based on
            the average loss rates, the 12m ECL on other financial assets at amortised cost is considered to be
            insignificant and thus no loss allowance was recognised.

            Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances

            The credit risks on time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances are limited because
            the counterparties are authorised banks in the PRC with high credit ratings assigned by external
            credit-rating agencies.

            Other than the concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are placed with several banks, the
            Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit risk.

            The Group assessed 12m ECL for time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances by
            reference to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit
            rating grades published by external credit rating agencies. Based on the average loss rates, the 12m
            ECL on time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances is considered to be insignificant and
            therefore no loss allowance was recognised.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      33.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

                      The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                       Internal                                                   Trade and                Other
                       credit rating   Description                                note receivables         financial assets


                       Low risk        The counterparty has a low risk            Lifetime ECL –           12m ECL
                                         of default and does not have                not credit-impaired
                                         material past-due amounts
                       Watch list      Debtor frequently repays after due         Lifetime ECL –           12m ECL
                                         date but usually settle in full             not credit-impaired
                       Doubtful        There have been significant                Lifetime ECL –           Lifetime ECL –
                                         increases in credit risk since initial      not credit-impaired      not credit-impaired
                                         recognition through information
                                         developed internally or external
                                         resources
                       Loss            There is evidence indicating the           Lifetime ECL –           Lifetime ECL –
                                         asset is credit-impaired                    credit-impaired          credit-impaired
                       Write-off       There is evidence indicating that          Amount is written off    Amount is written of
                                         the debtor is in severe financial
                                         difficulty and the Group and
                                         the Company has no realistic
                                         prospect of recovery




148   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025



33.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

            Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

            The table below details the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
            ECL assessment:

                                                                                                      Gross carrying amount
                                                           Internal      12m or                         At 31 December
                                                     Notes credit rating lifetime ECL                     2025            2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000


             Financial assets at amortised cost
             Trade receivables                        20    (Note 1)     Lifetime ECL –                 95,560           34,952
                                                                            not credit-impaired
                                                                            (collective assessment)
             Note receivables                         20    (Note 1)     Lifetime ECL –                 40,219           52,111
                                                                            not credit-impaired
                                                                            (collective assessment)
             Other receivables                        20    (Note 2)     12m ECL                       220,578          189,867
             Amount due from an associate             37    (Note 1)     Lifetime ECL –                  3,217                –
                                                                            not credit-impaired
                                                            (Note 2)     12m ECL                          6,400               –
             Time deposits                             22   (Note 2)     12m ECL                        738,429         535,574
             Restricted bank deposits                  23   (Note 2)     12m ECL                      1,636,628       1,134,621
             Bank balances                             23   (Note 2)     12m ECL                        706,874       1,009,082
             Other financial assets at amortised      21b   (Note 2)     12m ECL                        152,351               –
               cost


                                                                                                      3,600,256       2,956,207




                                                                                                      YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      33.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

                      Notes:

                      (1)      Except for the amount due from an associate, the Group performs impairment assessment individually, for not
                               credit-impaired trade and note receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure
                               the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on a collective basis, grouped by internal credit
                               rating and past due status of respective receivable.

                               Internal credit rating

                               As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers. The
                               following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed
                               collectively as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired). Impairment allowance
                               for note receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was not material as the notes receivables are issued by
                               authorised banks in the PRC with high credit ratings assigned by external credit-rating agencies.

                               Gross carrying amount


                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                          2024
                                                                                   Average            Trade      Average           Trade
                                                                                   loss rate    receivables      loss rate    receivables
                                                                                          %       RMB’000               %       RMB’000


                                Low risk                                                 1.2          95,560               2.3          34,952

                               The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the
                               debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The
                               grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.

                               During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised credit losses allowance of approximately
                               RMB348,000 (2024: reversed credit losses allowance RMB265,000) for trade receivables.




150   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025



33.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

            Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

            Notes: (Continued)

            (1)     (Continued)

                    The following tables show the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables under the
                    simplified approach:

                                                                                                                         Lifetime ECL –
                                                                                                                 collective assessment
                     Trade receivables                                                                            (not credit-impaired)
                                                                                                                                RMB’000


                     As at 1 January 2024                                                                                          1,059
                       – impairment losses reversed                                                                                 (265)


                     As at 31 December 2024                                                                                          794
                       – impairment losses recognised                                                                                348


                     As at 31 December 2025                                                                                        1,142

                    The Group writes off trade receivables when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe financial
                    difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed under liquidation
                    or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade and note receivables are over two years past
                    due, whichever occurs earlier. None of the trade and note receivables that have been written off and is subject to
                    enforcement activities.

            (2)     For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group has applied the general approach in IFRS 9 to
                    measure the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The
                    Group determines the expected credit losses for other receivables, time deposits, restricted bank deposits and
                    bank balances by assessment of probability of default. During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, in view
                    of the nature of the balance and historical default rate and forward looking information, the Group considers the
                    provision of impairment allowance for these balances are insignificant.


            Financial guarantee contracts

            For financial guarantee contracts, the aggregate amount of outstanding financial guarantees issued to
            banks in respect of bank facilities granted to an associate that the Group could be required to pay
            amounted to RMB49,000,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil). RMB17,558,000 (2024: Nil) of the
            outstanding financial guarantees has been utilised by the associate.

            The fair value of these financial guarantee, as at dates of initial recognition, were considered
            insignificant. At the end of the reporting period, the management has performed impairment
            assessment, and concluded that there has been no significant increase in credit risk since initial
            recognition of the financial guarantee contracts. Accordingly, the loss allowance for financial guarantee
            contracts issued by the Group is measured at an amount equal to 12m ECL. No loss allowance was
            recognised in the profit or loss as the amount of the loss allowance was not significant.




                                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025      151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      33.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Liquidity risk

                      In the management of liquidity risk, the Group’s management monitors and maintains a level of cash
                      and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and
                      mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

                      The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities based
                      on the agreed repayment terms. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows
                      of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table
                      includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are at variable rate, the
                      undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

                                                         Weighted              On demand        Between    Between
                                                           average    Carrying or less than      1 and 2    2 and 5    Over 5
                                                      interest rate    amount        1 year        years      years     years      Total
                                                                 %    RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000


                       As at 31 December 2025
                       Trade and other payables               N/A     4,376,199    4,376,199           –          –         –   4,376,199
                       Trade and other payables –
                          Contingent consideration
                          payables – cash (Note 31)           5.88      23,545       24,000           –          –          –     24,000
                       Bank borrowings                        0.99     151,653      151,653           –          –          –    151,653
                       Lease liabilities                      4.75     175,800       83,677      58,415     44,603          –    186,695
                       Contingent consideration
                          payables – cash (Note 31)           5.88      33,200             –     36,000           –         –     36,000
                       Financial guarantee
                          contracts                           N/A             –      49,000            –          –         –     49,000


                                                                      4,760,397    4,684,529     94,415     44,603          –   4,823,547


                       As at 31 December 2024
                       Trade and other payables               N/A      3,556,171    3,556,171          –          –         –    3,556,171
                       Bank borrowings                        1.32        21,207       21,207          –          –         –       21,207
                       Lease liabilities                      4.75       212,307       90,310     72,848     64,306         –      227,464
                       Contingent consideration
                          payables – cash (Note 31)           5.88       53,608            –      24,000     36,000         –      60,000


                                                                       3,843,293    3,667,688     96,848    100,306         –    3,864,842




152   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025



33.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Fair value measurement of financial instruments

            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
            recurring basis

            Certain of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of
            the reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial
            assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used),
            as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised
            (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                  As at 31 December
                                                     2025         2024     Fair value     Valuation technique
                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000     hierarchy      and key input


             Financial assets
             Financial assets at FVTPL
                – Wealth management              680,500        685,751    Level 2        Quoted value from banks and
                    products, notes and                                                     financial institutions based
                    investment funds                                                        on expected return with
                                                                                            reference to underlying
                                                                                            investment
               – Unlisted equity investments      27,660         10,198    Level 3        Back-solve method (Note i)

             Financial liabilities
             Contingent consideration for a       (33,200)      (53,608)   Level 3        Discounted cash flow method
               business combination                                                         was used to capture
               – Cash consideration                                                         the present value of the
                  payables (Note 31)                                                        expected future economic
                                                                                            benefits that will flow out of
                                                                                            the Group arising from the
                                                                                            contingent consideration,
                                                                                            based on an appropriate
                                                                                            discount rate (Note ii)
                                                                                            (Note iii)
             Contingent consideration for a       (36,375)      (55,083)   Level 3        Quoted market price per
               business combination                                                         each ordinary share of the
               – Consideration shares                                                       Company is used to capture
                  (Note 31)                                                                 the value of the expected
                                                                                            shares to be allotted and
                                                                                            issued from the contingent
                                                                                            consideration (Note iii)




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      33.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)

                      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
                      recurring basis (Continued)

                      Notes:

                      (i)      Key inputs included possibilities under different scenarios, such as qualified IPO, redemption, liquidation and other
                               inputs, such as time to liquidation or redemption, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility value and dividend
                               yield.

                      (ii)     Key unobservable inputs included discount rate and probability-adjusted revenue and profits of Yikuai
                               Pharmaceutical. No sensitivity analysis in relation to the discount rate has been presented as changes in fair values
                               due to changes the discount rate are insignificant.

                      (iii)    Key inputs included quoted market price of the share of the Company and probability-adjusted revenue and
                               profits of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant,
                               a decrease in the expected probability-adjusted revenue and gross profits for year 2026 and 2027 by 5% (2024:
                               5%) would decrease the carrying amount of the contingent consideration payables, including cash and shares
                               consideration, by RMB52,608,000 (2024: RMB91,870,000).


                      There were no transfer between Level 1 and 2 during both years.

                      Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                 Financial             Financial
                                                                                                                    assets             liabilities
                                                                                                                 at FVTPL              at FVTPL
                                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


                         As at 1 January 2024                                                                             –                     –
                           – purchased                                                                               10,000                     –
                           – contingent consideration for acquisition of subsidiaries                                     –              114,613
                           – changes in fair value                                                                      198                (5,922)


                         As at 31 December 2024                                                                      10,198              108,691
                           – purchased                                                                                6,000                     –
                           – settlement of contingent consideration                                                       –               (12,534)
                           – changes in fair value                                                                   17,462                 2,112
                           – transfers out of level 3 with the completion of
                                performance target (Note 31)                                                               –              (28,694)


                         As at 31 December 2025                                                                     33,660                69,575




154   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025



33.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)

            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on
            a recurring basis

            The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is determined in accordance with generally
            accepted pricing model based on discounted cash flow analysis.

            The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
            liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair
            values.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      34.     RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

              The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
              and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
              cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
              activities.

                                                                                Consideration
                                                                                   payable on      Contingent
                                                       Lease           Bank     acquisition of   consideration   Divided
                                                   liabilities   borrowings       subsidiaries   payables-cash   Payable      Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000


               At 1 January 2024                     152,153         57,508                 –                –         –    209,661


               Financing cash flow                   (90,497)        (38,750)               –                –         –    (129,247)
               New leases entered/lease modified     110,163               –                –                –         –     110,163
               Acquisition of subsidiaries            31,599               –           42,721           53,347         –     127,667
               Fair value change                           –               –                –              261         –         261
               Finance costs                           8,889           2,449                –                –         –      11,338


               As at 31 December 2024                212,307         21,207            42,721           53,608         –    329,843


               Financing cash flow                  (90,354)       127,495                  –               –    (50,786)   (13,645)
               New leases entered/lease modified     44,871              –                  –               –          –     44,871
               Fair value change                          –              –                  –           3,137          –      3,137
               Settle of consideration payable            –              –            (35,558)              –          –    (35,558)
               Reclassification of contingent
                  consideration                           –               –            23,545         (23,545)         –          –
               Finance costs                          8,976           2,951                 –               –          –     11,927
               Dividend declared                          –               –                 –               –     50,786     50,786


               As at 31 December 2025              175,800         151,653             30,708          33,200          –    391,361




156   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025



35.   TRANSFER OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

      The following were the Group’s financial assets as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 that were transferred to
      suppliers by endorsing those note receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the
      significant risks and rewards relating to these receivables, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount
      of the note receivables (see Note 20) and the full carrying amount of the trade payables (see Note 24) for
      endorsed notes receivables. These financial assets are carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated
      statement of financial position.

      As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                                 Note receivables
                                                                                                     endorsed to
                                                                                                   suppliers with
                                                                                                     full recourse
                                                                                                         RMB’000


       Carrying amount of transferred financial assets                                                       38,645
       Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                            (38,645)


                                                                                                                    –


      As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                  Note receivables
                                                                                                      endorsed to
                                                                                                    suppliers with
                                                                                                      full recourse
                                                                                                           RMB’000


       Carrying amount of transferred financial assets                                                        48,046
       Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             (48,046)


                                                                                                                    –


36.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


       Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
         plant and equipment contracted for but not provided
         in the consolidated financial statements                                      3,150                   2,679




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      37.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS/AMOUNTS DUE FROM AN ASSOCIATE

              Significant transactions with related parties

              During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has following transactions with the related party.

                                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                             31 December
                 Name                                   Nature of transactions                                2025               2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Guangdong Yiyao                        Trade sales                                          14,119                       N/A


                                                                                                                As at
                                                                                                            31 December
                 Name                                   Nature of balances                                   2025                      2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000


                 Guangdong Yiyao                        Trade nature (Note i)                                 3,217                       N/A
                 Guangdong Yiyao                        Non-trade nature (Note ii)                            6,400                       N/A


                 Amount due from an associate                                                                 9,617                       N/A

              Notes:

              (i)      The trade related balances with the associate arose from sales of goods, which were unsecured and interest-free with aging
                       within 3 months as at 31 December 2025.

              (ii)     The non-trade related balances with the associate were interest-free, unsecured and repayable on demand.


              Compensation of key management personnel

              The remuneration of directors who are also the key management personnel during the years ended 31
              December 2025 and 2024 is set out in Note 11.




158   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025



38.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below:

                                                                                                     Proportion ownership
                                                 Place of                                             interest attributable
                                                 incorporation/                                         by the Company
                                                 registration/  Paid up/          Registered           As at 31 December
       Name of subsidiaries                      operations     issued capital    capital                 2025         2024   Principal activities


       Guangzhou Leyao Technology Co., Ltd.      The PRC         USD256,000,000   USD256,000,000        100%         100%     Investment holding
        廣州樂藥科技集團有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangdong Dihao                           The PRC         RMB105,000,000   RMB105,000,000        100%         100%     Wholesale of
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                               pharmaceutical and
        廣東帝豪藥業有限公司                                                                                                             healthcare products
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Hubei Chengweishang                       The PRC         RMB43,500,000    RMB43,500,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                               pharmaceutical and
        湖北誠為上醫藥有限公司                                                                                                            healthcare products
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Chengdu Beilebang                         The PRC         RMB81,000,000    RMB81,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                              pharmaceutical and
         成都北樂幫醫藥有限公司                                                                                                           healthcare products
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Jiangsu Jinshi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB91,000,000    RMB91,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
          江蘇金石醫藥有限公司                                                                                                           pharmaceutical and
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                   healthcare products

       Guangdong Dongjian Pharmaceutical         The PRC         RMB146,000,000   RMB146,000,000        100%         100%     Wholesale of
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                              pharmaceutical and
        廣東東健醫藥有限公司                                                                                                             healthcare products
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Anhui Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.      The PRC         RMB76,000,000    RMB76,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         安徽樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                            pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                    healthcare products

       Guangdong Jiuzhang Pharmaceutical         The PRC         RMB10,000,000    RMB10,000,000         100%         100%     Retail of pharmaceutical
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               and healthcare
        廣東九章醫藥有限公司                                                                                                              products
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




                                                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025         159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      38.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                         Proportion ownership
                                                         Place of                                         interest attributable
                                                         incorporation/                                     by the Company
                                                         registration/  Paid up/         Registered        As at 31 December
               Name of subsidiaries                      operations     issued capital   capital              2025         2024   Principal activities


               Chongqing Yangtuo Pharmaceutical          The PRC         RMB55,000,000   RMB55,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         pharmaceutical and
                 重慶央拓醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Donghua Yutai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB56,000,000   RMB56,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                東華宇泰（福建）醫藥有限公司                                                                                                     pharmaceutical and
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                 healthcare products

               Jilin Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB60,000,000   RMB60,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                  吉林省眾鑫藥業有限公司                                                                                                      pharmaceutical and
                  (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                               healthcare products

               Beijing Huisheng Pharmaceutical           The PRC         RMB42,800,000   RMB42,800,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         pharmaceutical and
                 北京惠生醫藥有限責任公司                                                                                                      healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Jinan Gonghao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB41,000,000   RMB41,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 濟南共好醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        pharmaceutical and
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                healthcare products

               Heilongjiang Changle                      The PRC         RMB57,000,000   RMB57,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                           pharmaceutical and
                黑龍江常樂醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Zhejiang Lecheng                          The PRC         RMB52,000,000   RMB52,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                 浙江樂成醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Shaanxi Leying Pharmaceutical             The PRC         RMB28,000,000   RMB28,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         pharmaceutical and
                 陝西樂盈醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




160   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025



38.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                   Proportion ownership
                                               Place of                                             interest attributable
                                               incorporation/                                         by the Company
                                               registration/  Paid up/          Registered           As at 31 December
       Name of subsidiaries                    operations     issued capital    capital                 2025         2024   Principal activities


       Shanxi Lejin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB23,000,000    RMB23,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         山西樂進醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

       Liaoning Lexing Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. The PRC        RMB61,000,000    RMB61,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         遼寧樂興醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

       Guangzhou Junhe Huilian Supply Chain    The PRC         RMB523,398,631   RMB524,000,000        100%         100%     Investment holding
        Management Co., Ltd.
        廣州君合慧聯供應鏈管理有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Xi’an Leying Zhongkang pharmaceutical   The PRC         RMB28,000,000    RMB28,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
          chain Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    pharmaceutical and
          西安樂盈眾康醫藥連鎖有限公司                                                                                                     healthcare products
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       YSB Investment Limited                  Hong Kong       USD166,299,980   N/A                   100%         100%     Investment holding

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Information           The PRC         RMB1,120,246,702 RMB1,122,890,000      100%         100%     Platform and software
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  service
        廣州速道易信息科技有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Business Service      The PRC         RMB1,000,000     RMB1,000,000          100%         100%     Platform and software
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             service
        廣州速道易商務服務有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Henan Subiao Information                The PRC         nil              RMB1,000,000          100%         100%     Platform and software
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  service
        河南速標信息科技有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




                                                                                                                   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025      161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      38.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                          Proportion ownership
                                                         Place of                                          interest attributable
                                                         incorporation/                                      by the Company
                                                         registration/  Paid up/          Registered        As at 31 December
               Name of subsidiaries                      operations     issued capital    capital              2025         2024   Principal activities


               Leyou Investment Limited                  Hong Kong       USD204,830,000   N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding

               Guangzhou Yaobang Information             The PRC         nil              RMB1,000,000         0%           0%     Platform and software
                Technology Co., Ltd. *                                                                                               service
                廣州藥幫信息科技有限公司

               Guangzhou Sudao Information               The PRC         RMB9,818,877     RMB9,818,877         0%           0%     Platform and software
                Technology Co., Ltd *                                                                                                service
                廣州速道信息科技有限公司

               Hebei Zeyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.       The PRC         RMB30,000,000    RMB40,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                河北澤怡醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

               Zhejiang Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB45,000,000    RMB45,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 浙江樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                         pharmaceutical and
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                 healthcare products

               Hunan Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.      The PRC         RMB25,000,000    RMB25,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                湖南樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

               Henan Huiying Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB70,000,000    RMB70,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                河南惠盈醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

               YSB Technology Limited                    BVI             nil              N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding

               YSB Technology (Hong Kong) Limited        Hong Kong       nil              N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding

               YSB Health Limited                        Hong Kong       nil              N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding




      *       The Group obtained control over these entities through Contractual Arrangements as set out in Note 4.




162   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025



38.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                  Proportion ownership
                                                Place of                                           interest attributable
                                                incorporation/                                       by the Company
                                                registration/  Paid up/         Registered          As at 31 December
       Name of subsidiaries                     operations     issued capital   capital                2025         2024   Principal activities


       Guangzhou Yuewei Medical                 The PRC         RMB7,000,000    RMB10,000,000        100%         100%     Medical testing services
        Laboratory Co., Ltd.
        廣州閱微醫學檢驗所有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Xiaoweicang Smart Drug         The PRC         nil             RMB1,000,000          70%          70%     Intelligent Pharmacy
        Store Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                            services
        廣州小微倉智能藥店科技有限公司
        (Incorporated domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Yaoshibang Investment          The PRC         nil             USD1,000,000         100%         100%     Investment holding
        Co., Ltd.
        廣州藥師幫投資有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Spectrum Health Technology The PRC             nil             RMB1,000,000          70%          70%     Medical testing services
        Co., Ltd.
        廣州光譜健康科技有限公司
        (Incorporated domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Yaozhan Holding Co., Ltd.      The PRC         nil             RMB100,000           100%         100%     Investment holding
         廣州藥棧控股有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Yaozhan Technology             The PRC         nil             RMB100,000           100%         100%     Investment holding
        Co., Ltd.
        廣州藥棧科技有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Sudaode Traditional Chinese The PRC            nil             USD50,000            100%         100%     Investment holding
        Medicine Technology Co., Ltd.
        廣州速道的中藥科技有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Jiangxi Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB10,000,000   RMB10,000,000        100%         100%     Wholesale of
          江西樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        pharmaceutical and
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                healthcare products




                                                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025         163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      38.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                            Proportion ownership
                                                         Place of                                            interest attributable
                                                         incorporation/                                        by the Company
                                                         registration/  Paid up/            Registered        As at 31 December
               Name of subsidiaries                      operations     issued capital      capital              2025         2024   Principal activities


               Guangzhou Yaoshibang Enterprise           The PRC         nil                RMB1,000,000       100%         100%     Investment holding
                Management Co., Ltd.
                廣州藥師幫企業管理有限公司
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Guangzhou Sudao Logistics Technology      The PRC         RMB500,000         RMB500,000         100%         100%     Logistic services
                Co., Ltd. (Note (ii))
                廣州速道物流科技有限公司
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Guangzhou Jinfang Shangyao                The PRC         RMB3,000,000       RMB3,000,000       100%         100%     Platform and software
                Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   service
                廣州金方尚藥科技有限公司
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Hunan Jinfang Shangyao Pharmaceutical The PRC             RMB18,000,000      RMB18,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                Co., Ltd. (Note (ii))                                                                                                 pharmaceutical and
                湖南金方尚藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          healthcare products
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd (Note (iii))   Cayman          USD36,609,777.79   N/A                100%       85.64%     Investment holding

               Folding space (HK) Limited (Note (iii))   Hong Kong       USD36,599,137.34   N/A                100%       85.64%     Investment holding

               Hunan Folding Space Pharmaceutical        The PRC         USD36,306,817.61   USD45,000,000      100%       85.64%     Investment holding
                Co., Ltd. (Note (iii))
                湖南空間折疊醫藥有限責任公司
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Hunan Yikuai Pharmaceutical               The PRC         RMB26,000,000      RMB30,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                Technology Co., Ltd. (Note (iii))                                                                                     pharmaceutical and
                湖南一塊醫藥科技有限公司                                                                                                          healthcare products
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




164   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025



38.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                  Proportion ownership
                                                Place of                                           interest attributable
                                                incorporation/                                       by the Company
                                                registration/  Paid up/         Registered          As at 31 December
         Name of subsidiaries                   operations     issued capital   capital                2025         2024   Principal activities


         Hunan Yizheng Biotechnology R&D        The PRC         RMB10,000,000   RMB10,000,000         70%          70%     Wholesale of
          Co., Ltd. (Note (iii))                                                                                            pharmaceutical and
          湖南壹正生物科技研發有限公司                                                                                                    healthcare products
          (Incorporated domestic enterprise)

         Hunan Folding Space Internet           The PRC         RMB5,673,077    RMB5,673,077          99%          99%     Wholesale of
          Technology Co., Ltd. (Note (iii))                                                                                 pharmaceutical and
          湖南空間折疊互聯網科技有限公司                                                                                                   healthcare products
          (Incorporated domestic enterprise)

         Hunan Yikuai Logistics Information     The PRC         nil             RMB2,000,000         100%          99%     Logistic services
          Consulting Co., Ltd. (Note (iii))
          湖南一塊物流信息諮詢有限公司
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

         Xiamen Yaozhan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. The PRC        nil             RMB1,000,000         100%          N/A     Retail of pharmaceutical
           廈門藥棧醫藥有限公司 (Note (i))                                                                                             and healthcare
           (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                products

      Notes:

      (i)       These subsidiaries were newly established by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025.

      (ii)      The Group acquired 100% of the interest of this company from third party during the year ended 31 December 2024.

      (iii)     The Group acquired the interest of these companies from an independent third party during the year ended 31 December
                2024. Details of the acquisition are set out in Note 31. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group increased of
                the proportion ownership interest in these subsidiaries with the settlement of deferred consideration and the completion of
                the administrative registration procedures.


      All subsidiaries listed in the above table established in the PRC are limited liability companies.

      The voting power of the subsidiaries held by the Company are same with the ownership interest held by the
      Company.

      None of the subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities had issued any debt securities at the end of the
      year.




                                                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025         165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      39.     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


               Non-current assets
               Investments in subsidiaries                     3,933,836          3,876,679
               Other financial assets at amortised cost          152,351                  –


                                                               4,086,187          3,876,679


               Current assets
               Other receivables                                   2,085               232
               Amount due from subsidiaries                      362,654           279,267
               Bank balances and cash                             72,411            23,227


                                                                 437,150           302,726


               Current liabilities
               Other payables                                    (76,715)            (44,616)
               Amount due to subsidiaries                       (676,918)          (297,130)


                                                                (753,633)          (341,746)


               Net current liabilities                          (316,483)           (39,020)


               Total assets less current liabilities           3,769,704          3,837,659


               Non-current liability
               Contingent consideration payables                 (69,575)          (108,691)


               Net assets                                      3,700,129          3,728,968


               Capital and reserves
               Share capital                                          12                 12
               Reserves                                        3,700,117          3,728,956


               Total equities                                  3,700,129          3,728,968




166   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025



39.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

      Movement in the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                             Deferred Share-based
                                                   Share consideration  payments         Treasury Accumulated
                                                premium        shares    reserves          shares       losses           Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


       At 1 January 2024                        9,370,430          –      150,494           (4,829)    (6,148,819)    3,367,276
       Loss and total comprehensive
         expense for the year                          –            –            –               –         (7,607)       (7,607)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)     184,024       41,770            –               –              –       225,794
       Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments (Note 29)                –           –      137,692                –              –       137,692
       Purchase of shares for the award
         share scheme (Note 28)                        –           –             –          (2,210)             –         (2,210)
       Exercise of share options and
         vesting of RSUs (Note 29)                70,568           –       (62,322)          (235)              –         8,011


       At 31 December 2024                      9,625,022      41,770     225,864           (7,274)    (6,156,426)    3,728,956


       Loss and total comprehensive
         expense for the year                          –           –             –               –          (129)          (129)
       Dividends recognised as distribution
         (Note 12)                               (50,786)          –             –               –              –       (50,786)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)      20,589      (2,906)            –               –              –        17,683
       Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments (Note 29)                –           –       64,128               –               –        64,128
       Repurchase of shares (Note 28)                  –           –            –         (65,816)              –       (65,816)
       Cancellation of shares repurchased
         (Note 28)                               (40,681)          –             –         40,681               –              –
       Exercise of share options and
         vesting of RSUs (Note 29)               89,166            –      (84,307)          1,222               –        6,081


       At 31 December 2025                     9,643,310      38,864      205,685         (31,187)    (6,156,555)    3,700,117


40.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      There have been no material subsequent events identified subsequent to 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                      YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   167
      Financial Summary


      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
      INCOME

      A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out below:

                                                                        Year Ended 31 December
                                                       2025             2024         2023       2022                      2021
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000                   RMB’000


       Revenue                                   20,969,650        17,903,608       16,972,276      14,274,810       10,093,538
       Gross profit                               2,306,982         1,813,451        1,740,923       1,434,717          913,830
       Profit (loss) before tax                     137,045            14,368       (3,210,197)     (1,496,867)        (503,074)
       Income tax credit (expense)                    8,937               713            (3,690)         (3,171)          1,454
       Profit (loss) for the year                   145,982            15,081       (3,206,507)     (1,500,038)        (501,620)
       Profit (loss) and total
         comprehensive income
         for the year attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                       152,965            30,013      (3,189,212)      (1,488,688)       (494,041)
         Non-controlling interests                    (6,983)          (14,932)        (17,295)         (11,350)         (7,579)


       Profit (loss) and total
         comprehensive income
         (expense) for the year                      145,982            15,081       (3,206,507)     (1,500,038)       (501,620)


       Earnings (Loss) per share
         (basic, RMB)                                    0.22             0.05            (8.26)         (11.88)           (3.94)


       Earnings (Loss) per share
         (diluted, RMB)                                  0.22             0.05            (8.26)         (11.88)           (3.94)




168   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                             Financial Summary


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                      Year Ended 31 December
                                         2025         2024         2023       2022                2021
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000             RMB’000


Assets
Non-current assets                    1,561,332    1,326,676      348,803       423,749         863,865
Current assets                        6,001,211    5,168,431    4,863,040     3,684,991       2,572,700


Total assets                          7,562,543    6,495,107    5,211,843     4,108,740       3,436,565


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities                 272,052      353,704       92,201       102,718         119,529
Current liabilities                   4,904,298    3,872,759    3,236,104     8,375,732       6,225,525


Total liabilities                     5,176,350    4,226,463    3,328,305     8,478,450       6,345,054


Equities
(Deficits)/equities attributable to
  owners of the Company               2,443,318    2,319,063    1,919,762    (4,350,781)      (2,900,910)
Non-controlling interests               (57,125)     (50,419)     (36,224)      (18,929)          (7,579)


Total (deficits) equities             2,386,193    2,268,644    1,883,538    (4,369,710)      (2,908,489)


Total equities and liabilities        7,562,543    6,495,107    5,211,843     4,108,740       3,436,565




                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   169
      Definitions


      “Audit Committee”                       the audit committee of the Company

      “Award Shares”                          the Shares underlying an award granted under the 2023 Share Incentive
                                              Plan, which includes new Shares or existing Shares

      “Board”                                 the board of Directors

      “CG Code”                               the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                              Rules (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                              time)

      “China” or the “PRC”                    the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this annual report
                                              only, except where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong,
                                              the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

      “Companies Ordinance”                   the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (as
                                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

      “Company”, “our Company” or             YSB Inc. (藥師幫股份有限公司) (formerly known as YSB Capital Limited),
        “the Company”                         a limited liability company incorporated under the Laws of the Cayman
                                              Islands on 27 August 2018, the shares of which are listed on the Main
                                              Board of the Stock Exchange under the stock code “9885”

      “Consolidated Affiliated Entity(ies)”   Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Yaobang and their subsidiaries and
                                              affiliated entities, the financial accounts of which have been consolidated
                                              and accounted for as if they were subsidiaries of the Company by virtue of
                                              contractual arrangements

      “Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

      “Environmental, Social and              the environmental, social and corporate governance committee of the
        Corporate Governance                  Company
        Committee”

      “FY”                                    financial year ended 31 December

      “Global Offering”                       the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering

      “Group”, “our”, “our Group”,            the Company and its subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
        “the Group”, “us” or “we”             time to time, and where the context requires, in respect of the period
                                              prior to our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                              subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our Company
                                              at the relevant time




170   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                         Definitions


“Guangzhou Sudao”             Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有
                              限公司)

“Guangzhou Yaobang”           Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技
                              有限公司)

“HK$”                         Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”           the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Public Offering”   has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus

“IFRS”                        International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                              the International Accounting Standards Board

“International Offering”      has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus

“Listing”                     the listing of our Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                28 June 2023, the date on which our Shares were listed and on which
                              dealings in our Shares were first permitted to take place on the Stock
                              Exchange

“Listing Rules”               the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as
                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Main Board”                  the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                              Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with GEM of
                              the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                              set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Zhang”                   Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮), the founder, executive Director, Chairman of
                              the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company

“Nomination Committee”        the nomination committee of the Company

“Prospectus”                  the Company’s prospectus dated 15 June 2023, a copy of which is
                              available on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at
                              www.hkexnews.hk

“Remuneration Committee”      the remuneration committee of the Company




                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025   171
      Definitions


      “Reporting Period”               the financial year ended 31 December 2025

      “RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of China

      “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                       Kong) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                       time)

      “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par value of
                                       US$0.0000025 each

      “Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of the Share(s)

      “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                       Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and includes the
                                       consolidated affiliated entities and any other entity the financials of which
                                       are consolidated into the accounts of the Company

      “substantial shareholder”        has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules

      “U.S. dollars” or “US$”          United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “United States” or “US”          the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                       subject to its jurisdiction

      “2019 Share Incentive Plan”      the share incentive plan approved and adopted by the Company and
                                       effective since 1 January 2019 (as amended from time to time), the
                                       principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory and general information –
                                       Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the Prospectus

      “2023 Share Incentive Plan”      the share incentive plan approved and adopted by the Company and
                                       effective upon Listing, which constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17
                                       of the Listing Rules, the principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory
                                       and general information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the
                                       Prospectus

      “%”                              per cent




172   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2025
