藥師幫股份有限公司
YSB Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code: 9885




ANNUAL REPORT
      CONTENTS

      2    CORPORATE INFORMATION

      4    FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

      5    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

      8    BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND REVIEW

      16   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      24   REPORT OF DIRECTORS

      36

      40

      51

      67
              Onl
           DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

           OTHER INFORMATION




                 y
           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

      72   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
           LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


  out 73


      75
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
           POSITION

           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
           IN EQUITY


 Lay  76

      78
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS

      152 FINANCIAL SUMMARY


For   154 DEFINITIONS
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                   AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

    Executive Directors                                  Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                                         Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)
    Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮)
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)              AUDITOR
    Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                                         Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Non-Executive Directors                              Certified Public Accountants
                                                         Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Mr. Frank Lin (林欣禾) (resigned on 14 November 2023)
    Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽)                                 REGISTERED OFFICE

    Independent Non-Executive Directors                  Vistra (Cayman) Limited
                                                         P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                                   Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                             Grand Cayman KY1-1205
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                             Cayman Islands

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                      HEADQUARTERS

    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)                  Yaoshibang Building
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                                   No. 8 Brand Street
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                             TIT Creative Industry Zone
                                                         No. 397 Xingang Middle Road
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                               Guangzhou, China

    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉) (Chairman)                  PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                                   HONG KONG
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)
                                                         5/F, Manulife Place
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                 348 Kwun Tong Road
                                                         Kowloon, Hong Kong
    Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮) (Chairman)
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                             LEGAL ADVISORS
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)
                                                         As to Hong Kong law and United States law
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND CORPORATE                  Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates
    GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
                                                         As to PRC law
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)                  Fangda Partners
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                             As to Cayman Islands law
                                                         Harney Westwood & Riegels
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

    Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
    Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)




2   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Corporate Information


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

Maxa Capital Limited
Unit 2602, 26/F, Golden Centre
188 Des Voeux Road Central
Sheung Wan, Hong Kong

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Services (Cayman Islands) Limited
Third Floor, Century Yard
Cricket Square, P.O. Box 902
Grand Cayman, KY1-1103
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL BANKS

Ping An Bank, Shenzhen Bantian Branch
China Merchants Bank, Guangzhou Branch
Bank Of China, Guangzhou Panyu Branch

STOCK CODE

9885

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.ysbang.cn




                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   3
    Financial and Business Highlights


                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2023                 2022          Change (%)
                                                                                       (in RMB thousands, except specified
                                                                                            otherwise or percentages)


      Revenue                                                                   16,972,276                  14,274,810                          18.9
      – Self-operation Business                                                 16,036,245                  13,519,017                          18.6
      – Online Marketplace                                                         873,119                     694,204                          25.8
      – Other Businesses                                                            62,912                      61,589                           2.1

      Gross profit                                                                1,740,923                   1,434,717                        21.3
      Loss for the year                                                          (3,206,507)                 (1,500,038)                      113.8
      Non-IFRS: Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss)(1)                                       130,542                    (124,856)                       N/A

      Total GMV(2) (RMB million)                                                      46,912                      37,833                        24.0
      – Self-operation Business                                                       18,447                      15,201                        21.4
      – Online Marketplace                                                            28,465                      22,632                        25.8

    (1)     The adjusted net profit/loss (the “Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss)”) represents loss for the year adding back (i) changes in fair value of
            financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (ii) equity-settled share-based payment expenses, and (iii) listing expenses of
            the Company.

    (2)     “GMV” means “gross merchandise value”.




4   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                      Chairman’s Statement


First of all, on behalf of the Board and YSB Inc., I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders and
all sectors of the community for their kind attention and tremendous support over the years.

Filled with tests and challenges, the past year witnessed the economic recovery alongside the cyclical and structural
issues. In this context, China today is building new momentum for long-term development in the future through
non-stop creation of new growth advantages. In the pharmaceutical industry, China coordinated and promoted the
deepening of healthcare system reform by incorporating it into the comprehensively deepening reform with the shift
from “focus on treating illness (以治病為中心)” to “focus on enhancing people’s health (以人民健康為中心)”, and
launched a series of important reform initiatives with remarkable progress made.

During the year, as “Internet + Medical” rapidly developed and the sales scale of the pharmaceutical e-commerce
continued to grow in China, an “online + offline” business model was basically formed. Patients have, after the
pandemic, gradually built a consumption habit of seeking for medical treatment and purchasing drugs online,
and their trust in telemedicine is increasing. Following the change of pandemic prevention and control policies,
healthcare awareness also increased to an unprecedented level, driving the telemedicine industry towards quality
growth.

2023 is not only the inaugural year for the Company to successfully enter the Hong Kong capital market, but also
a new chapter for the Company to embark on its digital journey in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical service
industry. Upholding the “user-oriented (以用戶為中心)” value, the Company entrenched its foothold in the outside-
of-hospital pharmaceutical service industry, and continued to provide its eco-partners including pharmaceutical
businesses, pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions with core competencies such as supply chain, technology,
digital marketing and operation as well as high-quality pharmaceutical resources, so as to jointly promote the
professional, digital, and intelligent construction of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare industry.

In 2023, we had been focusing on user needs and continued to strengthen the synergy between our Online
Marketplace and Self-operation Business to form a prosperous and diversified pharmaceutical and healthcare
ecosystem. We were committed to providing better supply and service for upstream and downstream users and
all participants using the online platform, constantly refining our digital technology and operation capabilities,
further deepening and strengthening the supply chain, and realising the Company’s quality development through
technological empowerment, service optimisation and business innovation.

Over the past year, we had been committed to realising the matching of supply and demand for medicines in a more
timely and efficient manner by constantly improving our supply chain system for the Online Marketplace. Leveraging
on the “Supporting Programme for Helping A Thousand of Third-Party Merchants to Realise Monthly Sales More
than One Million (三方商家千店百萬扶持計劃)”, we enhanced the operation capabilities of upstream sellers on
the platform by helping them develop new growth directions and achieve higher levels of growth. Meanwhile, we
offered downstream buyers with more adequate and better products and, by extending our services along the path
of purchase-management-sales assistance (幫買幫管幫賣), empowered downstream buyers to enjoy one-stop digital
services.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   5
    Chairman’s Statement


    As our service capacity enhanced and service scope expanded, we remained focusing on users’ changing needs and
    continued to enrich the supply of various medicines, particularly traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”) decoction
    pieces and other products. In China, the market size of the TCM decoction pieces exceeds RMB250 billion each
    year, with the outside-of-hospital primary market accounting for approximately one-third of the demand. However,
    the terminals of the outside-of-hospital primary market were characterised by highly localised and decentralised
    procurement channels, inefficient transportation, storage, and sales channels, and lack of uniform standards for
    participants along the entire industry chain. To solve such pain points, we insisted on taking direct supply from
    manufacturers as the core and place emphasis on quality and after-sales services, which attained initial results of
    doubling the customer number and business scale of TCM decoction pieces as compared to 2022.

    Relying on digital supply chain layout as the core, our Self-operation Business also maintained good momentum with
    its intelligent operation advantages increasingly strengthened. As of 31 December 2023, we had built a supply chain
    system for self-operated warehouses which comprised 22 warehouses across 21 cities, creating a warehouse layout
    that combines main warehouses and sub-warehouses while expanding the coverage of the Self-operation Business.
    To provide users with more convenient, efficient and quality services, we will keep establishing new sub-warehouses
    within a radius of hundreds of kilometres (“km”) from our main warehouses with higher capacity utilisation. In
    addition, we had also been improving the efficiency of intra-city delivery by building our own logistics platform, in
    a bid to speed up the delivery of orders in pilot cities to half-day delivery (半日達) or same-day delivery (當日達), a
    move that allows downstream buyers to further relieve inventory pressure and increase operational efficiency.

    We accelerated the exploration of cooperation with upstream brands and unceasingly innovated cooperation
    models to jointly expand the promising outside-of-hospital market and seise the incremental growth in the outside-
    of-hospital pharmaceutical service market. In particular, the product series under our own brand “Leyaoshi (樂藥師)”
    became the key driver for our Targeted Product Launch Business in 2023. With affordable quality products from well-
    established manufacturers as an attraction, we focused on working with monomer pharmacies, primary healthcare
    institutions and small chain pharmacies, and continued to identify pharmacies with wider coverage and micro
    depth to drive the high-quality growth of our own brands and in turn that of the Targeted Product Launch Business.
    Leveraging the increasing brand power, channel power and product power, we will further form industrial capacity
    upwards and provide users with better products and services downwards.

    In 2023, we accelerated the digitalisation and full-scenario empowerment of our outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical
    services. By constantly upgrading our SaaS solutions for pharmaceutical businesses, merchants, pharmacies, and
    primary healthcare institutions, we further optimised users’ experience, helped them expand revenue sources and
    reduce costs, and improved their overall operation efficiency in all aspects. We further developed our ClouDiagnos
    business by focusing on the diagnosis and treatment needs of primary healthcare institutions and providing primary
    healthcare institutions with instant testing equipment to enhance the medical service capabilities of primary care
    doctors. The operation of parallel diagnostics concurrent with health management will become an important
    cornerstone for our transformation into a service provider serving billions of consumers across millions of primary
    endpoints.




6   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                         Chairman’s Statement


As a pharmaceutical and healthcare service provider, we have always been committed to creating sustainable
value for our users, shareholders, employees and even the whole society. During the Reporting Period, the
Company further improved its environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) governance system and regime,
strengthened ESG governance, and incorporated the concepts of low-carbon and environmental protection and
social responsibility into the Company’s development and operation, striving to achieve enhancement in both
economies of scale and social benefits. We have established an ESG committee under the Board and continued
to strengthen the construction of professional committees, with an aim to ensure the compliance of the Company
with relevant legal and regulatory requirements and the continuous improvement of the Company in environmental,
social and governance performance. Internally, we have established a sound internal control and compliance and risk
management system to detail and strengthen the responsibilities of each department, which effectively ensured the
efficient and orderly development of the Company’s business. Externally, we have continued to focus on the ecology
of cooperation and have actively strengthened the communications with stakeholders including external partners and
shareholders to increase the efficiency of outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical service and guide the industry’s quality
development. In the meantime, we continue to pay attention to the needs of different community sectors, extensively
carry out and support welfare activities, and actively assume social responsibility. We will stick to our original aspiration
and promote the Company’s sustainable development with ESG concepts.

Looking ahead to 2024, we will embark on a new journey of quality development. With a GMV of RMB100 billion
as our goal for the next two to three years, we will continuously purse layout in upstream, use digital technology to
redefine the manufacturing and distribution of pharmaceuticals, and continue to build our supply chain capabilities,
so as to provide users with better products and services, and achieve higher quality growth.

Last but not least, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, partners, users, and different community
sectors who have been accompanying the Company all the way with their long-term support and assistance to YSB
Inc. We will always keep in mind the mission of “To make quality medical care and good medicine accessible to all
(讓好醫好藥普惠可及)” and uphold the development concept of “High-quality and continuous growth driven by
innovation and technology (創新科技驅動，高質量持續增長)”. We will also promote the innovation and development
of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical market, in a bid to enhance the efficiency of the industry and expand the
coverage of our services, and in turn, contribute to the community with corporate value!




Buzhen Zhang
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

11 March 2024




                                                                                                   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   7
    Business Outlook and Review


    2023 marked the first year of fully implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of
    China (CPC) and a crucial year for the deep implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan. This year, governments and
    regulatory agencies at different levels continuously released relevant policies and standards to vigorously promote
    digital upgrade and development of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry. Meanwhile, various measures
    continued to promote the consumption of outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare, giving continuous
    support for the steady and rapid development of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry. According to
    the Report of Statistical Analysis on the Operation of Pharmaceutical Distribution Industry (藥品流通行業運行統計
    分析報告) released by the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC in November 2023, the market size of pharmaceutical
    distribution saw a steady increase with accelerated market growth rate. The market is also characterised by
    continuous increase in industry concentration, ongoing expansion of professional services, standardisation of online
    sales management. In addition, in line with relevant national planning and the Business Development Plan for the
    14th Five-Year Plan Period (《“十四五”商務發展規劃》), the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC proposed to promote
    digital transformation and upgrading of the industry, facilitate enterprises in building “online, cloud and platform (上
    綫上雲上平台)” and deepen digital application in marketing, operation management, warehouse logistics, product
    services and other aspects. Given such development opportunity, the Company has also benefitted from the policies
    and rode on the development trend of the industry by fully utilising its digital capacity and operational advantages in
    the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry, and continued to play an important role in building a digital service
    ecosystem for outside-of-hospital pharmaceuticals.

    During the Reporting Period, our business growth remained robust, as reflected by our total GMV of RMB46,912
    million, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.0%. With the continuous expansion of our pharmaceutical
    and healthcare product offering and the continuous improvement of user experience, we are promoting the user
    ecosystem towards prosperous development. As of 31 December 2023, our cumulative number of registered buyers
    were more than 650,000, including around 401,000 pharmacies and around 246,000 primary healthcare institutions.
    During the Reporting Period, we had an average number of monthly active buyers (“MAB”) of 367,000, representing
    a year-on-year increase of 19.0%. The average number of monthly paying buyers (“MPB”) reached 343,000,
    representing a year-on-year increase of 21.1%. Our paying ratio, i.e. the proportion of average number of MPB to
    average number of MAB, recorded a year-on-year increase from 91.7% to 93.3% and the average number of orders
    per paying buyer per month increased by 8.7% from 27.3 to 29.6 for the same period of last year.

    OUR ONLINE MARKETPLACE

    Online Marketplace is the cornerstone for ensuring the rapid growth of our overall business. We connect and
    empower upstream and downstream players along the industrial chain: on the one hand, we provide pharmaceutical
    companies and distributors and vendors with efficient ways to sell their products to a wide range of buyers; on the
    other hand, we also enable pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions across the country to reach out to a
    broader base of suppliers. As of the end of 2023, we attracted approximately 8,100 upstream sellers and over 650,000
    downstream buyers to transact on our platform. During the Reporting Period, the GMV of our Online Marketplace
    of third-party merchants was RMB28,465 million, accounting for 60.7% of the total GMV, and representing a year-on-
    year increase of 25.8%.

    Our Online Marketplace seeks to continuously assist in addressing the supply and demand mismatch issue and
    provide cost-effective access to a vast selection of stock keeping units (“SKUs”) to buyers. During the Reporting
    Period, buyers could select among around 3.6 million SKUs, including prescription drugs, over-the-counter (“OTC”)
    drugs and medical and healthcare products, of which the number of SKUs of medical and healthcare products
    witnessed a relatively strong growth, representing a year-on-year increase of over 50%. A large number of buyers who
    were brought together by the platform formed a virtual alliance with better bargaining power. Since product prices
    are transparent on the platform, buyers are able to order pharmaceuticals at the best price available on the platform
    and monitor the orders online. As a result, downstream pharmacies can benefit from our Online Marketplace by
    being able to attract more end customers with diversified SKU offerings.

8   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                         Business Outlook and Review


Our vast selection of SKUs and sound supply chain system enable us to cope with extreme cases at ease. During
the influenza outbreaks in 2023, we provided a large number of related medicines to our downstream customers in
a timely manner. Take Oseltamivir as an example, our downstream customers purchased a total of approximately
RMB1,200 million on our platform for this item.

Apart from this, we strived to develop new categories on the existing basis to further enrich the medicine offerings,
and began to deepen its presence in the field of TCM decoction pieces. On the supply side, we insisted on taking
TCM decoction pieces manufacturers as the new main development targets. As of the end of 2023, more than 85% of
the TCM decoction pieces suppliers on our platform were TCM decoction pieces manufacturers. In 2023, we provided
over 110,000 SKUs of TCM decoction pieces to our downstream customers with sales amounting to approximately
RMB1,300 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 113%. The rapid growth in new categories not only proved
our platform’s ability to continuously expand the scope of competence, but also further laid a solid foundation for us
to increase revenue and profitability.

Benefitting from the outflow of prescriptions brought by the deepening healthcare reform, the transactions of stores
designated by medical insurers among our downstream users were significantly active. About 50% of the platform’s
paying users were stores designated by medical insurers, among which over 70% of monomer pharmacies were
stores designated by medical insurers. Also, the stores designated by medical insurers with higher level of activeness
and higher willingness to pay were benefitted from the traffic brought by the policies, contributing more than 60% of
GMV to our platform.

We charge upstream sellers a commission, which is based on a certain percentage of their sales on our Online
Marketplace. The average Online Marketplace commission rate we charged, which equals to the commissions
we receive from third-party sellers divided by the corresponding GMV, was 3.1% and 3.2% in 2022 and 2023,
respectively. In return, our Online Marketplace provides subsidies in the form of coupon to our downstream buyers.
Our Online Marketplace subsidy ratio, which equals to the amount of subsidies provided to buyers and used on
Online Marketplace divided by the GMV from Online Marketplace, was 0.7% and 0.6% in 2022 and 2023, respectively,
representing a year-on-year decline, without compromising customer retention rate and transaction level.

OUR GENERAL SELF-OPERATION BUSINESS

Self-operation Business acts as a stabiliser to ensure that we provide better services to more customers in a quick and
economical manner. The business is conducted through our platform where we operate our own digital stores online.
After obtaining the consent of relevant parties under the privacy policy of our platform, based on the transaction
history on our Online Marketplace and underpinned by our big data analyses of buyers’ demand and transaction
preference, we are able to make procurement decisions based on downstream demand, select SKUs with higher
frequencies of purchase and better quality, and exercise a higher level of quality control over these products on our
own. During the Reporting Period, our Self-operation Business provided an average monthly SKUs of approximately
347,000 to downstream buyers, representing a year-on-year increase of 37.6%.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   9
     Business Outlook and Review


     During the Reporting Period, we kept strengthening our supply chain services, which cover procurement,
     warehousing, order processing, invoicing, payment collection, and delivery to downstream pharmacies and primary
     healthcare institutions, with the aim of revitalising our ecosystem and in turn further enhance the experience of the
     buyers, our customers under Self-operation Business. In 2023, we began to explore ways to further increase the
     production capacity of our existing warehouses which are already highly utilised, and created a warehouse layout
     that combines main warehouses and sub-warehouses. We newly built sub-warehouses in Xuzhou, Jiangsu and
     Zhanjiang, Guangdong, which are each 500 km from the original main warehouses in their respective provinces.
     The two sub-warehouses are both approximately 5,000 square metres and are equipped with a variety of advanced
     hardware facilities and software system supports, which can provide strong support to the highly efficient operation
     of the existing main warehouses in Jiangsu and Guangdong, enabling us to offer better and faster services to the
     surrounding terminals so as to effectively improve end-user satisfaction and increase market share.

     We arrange delivery from our warehouses to our buyers, using third-party carriers with high reputation with respect
     to time, quality, and flexibility. We provided our buyers with stable supply and fulfilment through our centralised
     management of inventory and delivery. Thanks to our control over the supply chain, we are able to achieve an
     efficient inter-province delivery by taking around 40 hours for cities and around 50 hours for towns on average. As a
     result, pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions can place orders in a flexible manner, such as placing multiple
     orders of small amount to avoid overstocking, which in turn greatly enhances operating efficiency. Meanwhile, as the
     intra-city delivery business of third-party logistics carriers became increasingly mature, we also began to pilot intra-
     city delivery services in certain cities where our main warehouses are located. We established a logistics platform
     to distribute orders to social vehicles, monitoring the services and efficiency of the entire process covering loading,
     transportation and delivery. During the Reporting Period, we opened more than a hundred of logistics routes in
     provincial capital cities, enabling most of our main warehouses to achieve half-day delivery and same-day delivery for
     intra-city orders. Such fast and fabulous procurement experience significantly increased the variety and frequency of
     purchases from our downstream customers.

     While we continue to improve our ability to serve downstream buyers, we also provide upstream suppliers with a
     range of digitalised tools to help improve their performance. As of the end of 2023, the number of suppliers of our
     Self-operation Business amounted to more than 10,000, representing an increase of over 1,000 suppliers as compared
     to the same period of last year. Through our digitalised tools, the suppliers receive timely feedbacks on the demand
     of products and after-sale services from the downstream buyers. They can direct their decision-making according
     to the feedback on geographical preference, pharmacy distribution and the market sales trend provided by us and
     monitor pharmaceutical promotion performance, track their products and respond to market demands. They also
     enjoy the benefits from scalability provided by us. We generate revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products. We
     are able to negotiate directly with pharmaceutical companies and other sellers to obtain competitive pricing from
     the upstream given our expanding business size. Revenue from our Self-operation Business makes up an important
     percentage of our total revenue. During the Reporting Period, the GMV of our General Self-operation Business was
     approximately RMB17,353 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.3%.

     OUR TARGETED PRODUCT LAUNCH BUSINESS

     Leveraging enormous insights from years of extensive experience in running both Online Marketplace and Self-
     operation Business, we are able to identify sales potential for products with certain characteristics, such as
     pharmaceuticals of high demand but limited brand awareness, pharmaceuticals that are sold well in hospitals
     but not adequately promoted in outside-of-hospital pharmacies, pharmaceuticals that are well promoted and
     therefore better known in one geographic region but are less known in another. Thus, we seek to collaborate with
     pharmaceutical companies to assist them in promoting products tailored for downstream needs to convert potential
     market opportunities into realised sales of products.




10   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                          Business Outlook and Review


We continue to provide refined and professional services to pharmaceutical companies in partnership with us,
which carry out our Targeted Product Launch Business, helping them to increase sales through a series of digital
marketing solutions. Meanwhile, we monitor life cycle of relevant products and constantly provide market feedback
to pharmaceutical companies for them to further improve the products and tailor their marketing promotion
strategies. During the Reporting Period, we collaborated with about 500 pharmaceutical companies to launch
promotion, covering more than 10 pharmaceutical companies of sales exceeding RMB10 million and 15 products of
sales exceeding RMB10 million. The GMV of our Targeted Product Launch Business amounted to RMB1,094 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 8.4%.

During the Reporting Period, we also explored the further development model for our own brand, “Leyaoshi (樂藥
師)”. We kept exploring for products with the potential to become our top-selling products in sales channels and
expanding the product coverage of “Leyaoshi”, while seeking for exclusive cooperations with manufacturers. As
of the end of 2023, we had completed the spot delivery of 60 products, reached sales of over RMB10 million for 5
products and served over 200,000 customers. We will continue to explore private brand model in depth under our “Go
Upstream (向上走)” strategy, and continue to focus on key single products produced by private factories and private
brands with own approvals.

OTHER BUSINESSES

ClouDiagnos

ClouDiagnos works hand-in-hand with our pharmaceutical business to meet the increasing need of primary healthcare
institutions.

We continue to make efforts in enhancing the diagnosis and treatment capability of primary care doctors, expanding
their scope of services as well as upgrading their service capacity. We place point-of-care testing equipment at
primary healthcare institutions to generate test results on-site within a short period of time, so as to support primary
care doctors’ clinical decision. In addition, we built our examination laboratories close to primary users. This shortens
the physical distance between primary users and our examination laboratories, making it possible to generate
test results on the same day or even within a few hours after an order for specific items and mixed items has been
placed. By combining various methods, we effectively meet the needs of primary users on multiple aspects, such as
examination efficiency, examination accuracy, items diversity and more, which achieved the effect of empowering
primary healthcare institutions to set up examination departments and upgrade diagnosis and treatment capability.

There is a strong synergy effect between ClouDiagnos and our pharmaceutical business. On the one hand, effective
BD (business development) ensures that all 246,000 downstream primary healthcare institutions registered with
our platform can access our ClouDiagnos services, providing a large and stable user base. On the other hand,
ClouDiagnos strengthens the bond between us and downstream primary healthcare institutions, and in turn promotes
pharmaceutical sales on our platform. As of the end of 2023, we collaborated with over 12,000 primary healthcare
institutions.

wePharmacy

We continue to make efforts in optimising the capability of pharmacies in serving their end customers. Our self-
developed wePharmacy is one of the first 24-hour access smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth that connects real-
time pharmacist services in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical market. Pharmacies purchasing our wePharmacy
booths can decide on what products to offer their end customers, including prescription drugs, OTC drugs and
others. wePharmacy provides 24-hour undisturbed services, and no pharmacist or staff is required to be present. This
has significantly improved the experience of both pharmacies and their end customers, especially those with urgent
needs.

                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   11
     Business Outlook and Review


     During the Reporting Period, our product offering continued to grow with the introduction of “Yunque (雲雀)” model
     series with a smaller space-saving feature. Developed based on our “Tiangong (天宮)” model, the series helped the
     provision of around-the-clock services by more small and medium-sized pharmacies. During the Reporting Period, we
     sold and installed a total of 65 wePharmacy units.

     SaaS solutions

     During the Reporting Period, we continued to focus on improving the operational efficiency of upstream and
     downstream participants along the industry chain.

     We offer CloudComm service to upstream sellers. CloudComm provides a series of store management solutions,
     including real-time interaction and information updates on price, inventory, and order status. CloudComm also
     provides all-in-one printing service, for sellers to efficiently print and transmit certification and qualification together
     with order information. As of the end of 2023, we provided this service to over 7,000 sellers, representing an increase
     of around 1,800 sellers during the Reporting Period.

     We offer ePalm service to downstream buyers. ePalm helps pharmacies with streamlined inventory management and
     connection into the social security system, which greatly improves downstream pharmacies’ ability to update and
     manage inventory as well as the efficiency of the entire pharmaceutical circulation process. As of the end of 2023,
     ePalm connected to social security departments in more than 150 cities. We provided this service to approximately
     50,000 buyers, representing an increase of over 9,000 buyers during the Reporting Period.

     In addition, to cater to the vast market of primary healthcare institutions, we launched the Cloud Consultation (光譜雲
     診) service during the Reporting Period. Leveraging extensive medical big data for tracking and analysis, this service
     offers features such as mini-program check-ins, consultation and prescription, patient management, and system
     management. It enables doctors to easily access both traditional Chinese and Western medicine prescriptions, record
     patients’ medical histories, and streamline the drug procurement process with one-click inventory management.
     This meets the needs of doctors operating independently and enhances the information management efficiency of
     primary healthcare institutions.

     YSB ELEARN

     During the Reporting Period, we continued to make efforts in improving the service capability of pharmacists. Since
     2015, we have introduced various programmes to empower pharmacists. We offer online training sessions to help
     prospective pharmacists prepare for the Pharmacist Licensure Examination, and also invite pharmaceutical companies
     to provide online introductory sessions directly to pharmacists to help them better understand the pharmaceuticals
     in use. These sessions have improved pharmacists’ capability in providing accurate and timely services to end
     customers, on the one hand, and raised awareness and reputation of us among pharmacists, on the other hand.

     As of the end of 2023, we provided online training to approximately 260,000 pharmacists and prospective
     pharmacists.




12   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                           Business Outlook and Review


SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Our smart supply chain management system is significantly attributed to our ever-growing scale. Based on algorithm
and the insights we accumulated from transacting on our Self-operation Business and Online Marketplace, we
integrate the front and back ends of the supply chain, covering the whole process of procurement, warehousing and
delivery. During the Reporting Period, we were able to guarantee an order can be processed and completed for
delivery in approximately 3 hours on average, much faster than the industry level. During the Reporting Period, by
leveraging on smart supply chain management, we maintained payable turnover days at around 54 days, inventory
turnover days at around 30 days and receivable turnover days at around 2 days. Accordingly, our cash conversion
cycle was around -22 days. The quick turnover business model allows us to manage cash efficiently and bring idle
cash to the platform, which improves our liquidity and effectively ensures that we can safely and quickly scale up our
overall business. Idle cash also brings us extra revenue in addition to gross profit, greatly improving our profitability.

Even more, in terms of payment, downstream buyers have access to the supply chain financial services on our
platform. We use digital technology to integrate information on business, logistics, information flow and capital,
through which we have built a financial service system that integrates the platform with upstream and downstream
enterprises. Third-party financial institutions rely on our platform to provide order financing products to pharmacies.
The loan funding received by pharmacies can only be used for purchasing goods on our platform. During the
Reporting Period, the number of downstream active users for order financing products was over 12,000, representing
an increase of approximately 8,000 as compared to the same period of last year, the cumulative lending amount
was approximately RMB5,910 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 72.0%, and the number of orders with
financing was approximately 4,660,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 42.5%. In December 2023, the number
of financing orders in a single month was over 600,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 146%. Such service
has also brought us active chain pharmacy customers. In December 2023, the number of paying buyers from chain
headquarters was over 3,800, which generated a purchase of pharmaceuticals amounting to approximately RMB1,000
million, accounting for about 20% of the total purchases.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

The primary healthcare level is fragmented and layered, leading to problems such as supply and demand mismatch,
high transaction costs, and low operating efficiency. Buyers are scattered due to geographical limitations, giving
them little bargaining power against the upstream. In this regard, we brought mobile internet and digital solutions
to the market, and effectively built a virtual alliance for the downstream buyers, where the demand of each and every
buyer is equally addressed, regardless of their size or geographical location.

To this end, we tailored our business development strategies based on our experience, competence, and capacity
cultivated from serving and transacting at primary healthcare level. We closely monitor the immense potential
and opportunities in the market and keep track on regulatory development to constantly adjust our business
development strategies and grow with the market. As of 2023, our business development team consisted of around
2,900 members, and we saw a further increase in staff efficiency of this team as compared to the same period of
last year. Each member can manage approximately 135 pharmacies on average, representing an increase of 11
pharmacies as compared to the same period of last year. This development strategy achieved great success. As of
2023, we reached 246,000 primary healthcare users, representing an increase of 74,000 users during the Reporting
Period and an increase of approximately 30,000 users as compared to the increase of users in 2022. Moreover, our
registered buyers covered 98.6% of counties and 88.4% of towns in China. In terms of staff efficiency, each member
can bring approximately RMB16 million of GMV, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.4%.




                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   13
     Business Outlook and Review


     SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

     We actively fulfill our corporate social responsibility, and are committed to serving our users at all times in various
     aspects such as ensuring medication needs and safety assurance, helping rural revitalisation and education charities,
     and giving back to society. We closely connect our public health commitments with our business development, and
     continue to serve as an example to other companies.

     During the Reporting Period, we gave full play to the pharmaceutical and healthcare product supply chains.
     Leveraging the advantages of our digital smart system, we performed real-time monitoring on our platform when
     there are short-term supply-demand imbalances in medications, and formed a special team for price normalisation to
     ensure fair and reasonable drug prices, participated in drug supply assurance and maintained an orderly market.

     On our platform, we launched the “YSB eLearn (藥學習)” column, offering free content on drug explanations, general
     practice, and medical encyclopedia for licensed pharmacists and village doctors. The “YSB eLearn” column will
     continue to enhance the pharmaceutical and diagnostic capabilities of grassroots pharmacists and doctors, thereby
     providing patients with higher quality medical and healthcare services.

     In collaboration with community healthcare workers, we gave consolations and provided free medical services to
     grassroots social workers, for whom we utilised ClouDiagnos testing equipment to conduct screenings and offered
     diagnostic advice for grassroots personnel, actively supporting the construction of primary healthcare services.

     We actively took part in rural revitalisation works by donating funds to sponsor rural revitalisation activities and were
     awarded the certificate “Active Entity Participants in Rural Revitalisation (助力鄉村振興積極參與單位)” by the Haizhu
     District Municipal Administration for Market Regulation of Guangzhou, contributing to efforts in the rural revitalization
     and development.

     We donated office computers to the Western Sunshine Foundation for Rural Development (Beijing) (北京市西部陽
     光農村發展基金會) to improve their office environment and enhance the efficiency of the foundation’s staff. We also
     made donations to the Green & Shine Foundation (桂馨基金會) on a quarterly basis to support the improvement of
     China’s rural education environment, helping education charities and improving the educational conditions for rural
     teachers and students.

     OUTLOOK

     As a leader in the digital ecosystem construction of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry, we will deepen
     the cooperation with all participants in the industry chain to keep on accelerating the digitalisation of outside-of-
     hospital pharmaceutical industry. Sticking to the initial intention of “To make quality medical care and good medicine
     accessible to all (讓好醫好藥普惠可及)”, we will empower upstream and downstream users with continuous and
     professional digital solutions, strive to achieve closed-loop services in product supply, procurement services and
     intelligent marketing, thereby improving their operating efficiency. We will continue to advance the construction of
     the smart supply chain for pharmaceutical and healthcare products and improve the professional service capabilities,
     providing users with more accessible, convenient, and efficient pharmaceutical and healthcare products and services
     to meet their comprehensive service needs.




14   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                          Business Outlook and Review


In terms of Online Marketplace, we will provide more comprehensive operational support and digital marketing
strategies for upstream sellers and enhance product category diversity. On one hand, we will focus on expanding
products such as TCM decoction pieces to increase the coverage of varieties; on the other hand, we will cooperate
with the leading enterprises and cooperatives in the production areas to carry out Authentic Medicinal Decoction
Pieces to improve product quality and provide high-quality pharmaceutical and healthcare products and services for
downstream buyers.

In terms of Self-operation Business, we will strengthen the construction of our own smart supply chain system,
and keep on building a warehouse network that combines main warehouses with sub-warehouses and a logistics
system for intra-city car delivery. We will accelerate the construction of sub-warehouses near the existing main
warehouses that match the conditions to form an integrated structure of main and sub-warehouses, in a bid to fully
meet customers’ needs for more varieties. On the basis of optimising the layout of self-operated warehouses, we
will further develop intra-city car delivery services, achieving more half-day delivery and same-day delivery for orders
from cities where main warehouses are located and their surrounding cities. At the same time, together with the
sub-warehouse construction plan, we will begin the provision of intra-city delivery services in cities where the sub-
warehouses are located and their surrounding cities to continuously improve users’ experience.

In addition, we will further expand Targeted Product Launch Business, especially our own branded business, by
actively planning layout in upstream, strengthen strategic cooperation with upstream pharmaceutical companies
and suppliers, constantly innovate and upgrade cooperation models and broaden cooperation areas. Following the
newly-launched key single product Huoxiang Zhengqi Kou Fu Ye (藿香正氣口服液), we will further strengthen the
omni-channel coverage of high-quality unique products such as the key single products under our Targeted Product
Launch Business, best-selling products and members-only products besides launching hundreds of new varieties, to
accelerate the development of the Targeted Product Launch Business.

On top of fully ensuring product supply and supply chain finance empowerment, we will remain committed to the
continuous expansion of downstream users. For monomer pharmacies with high coverage, we will further consolidate
the edges that we have built, increase the variety of best-selling local pharmaceutical products covered by self-
operated warehouses, and improve efficiency and users’ experience through intra-city car delivery. For primary
healthcare institutions, we will focus on expanding coverage and increasing its penetration rates, while accelerating
the introduction of injections, traditional Chinese medicine and other varieties with special demand, and increasing
their variety satisfaction rates through activities such as Super Clinic Day (超級診所日) and Traditional Chinese
Medicine Super Product Day (中藥超級單品日).

For other businesses, we will increase our investment in technical resources, continue the optimisation and upgrades
to improve the operational efficiency of upstream and downstream users on our platform. For the ClouDiagnos
business, we will deploy tens of thousands of digital testing devices nationwide to provide primary healthcare
terminals with a “user-friendly, economical, and technological” primary medical test scheme, assisting primary care
doctors to realise professional, standardised and streamlined examination and diagnosis. For the Cloud Consultation
(光譜雲診) business, we will continue to improve its system functions and promote it from pilot provinces to
thousands of customers across China, and gradually promote its access to urban medical insurances. Both services
will progress simultaneously to jointly promote the innovation and development of primary healthcare institutions,
helping them become more professional and reliable health providers.

Furthermore, we will continue to explore and carefully evaluate M&A opportunities related to investment in
the industrial chain, deepen the layout in the field of medicine and health, build synergies in future business
development, continuously enhance our competitiveness, and strive to establish a broader brand influence and
market position.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     REVENUE

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB16,972.3 million and a gross profit
     of RMB1,740.9 million. The gross profit margin was 10.3% for the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared with
     10.1% for the corresponding period in 2022.

     The Group’s revenue from the Self-operation Business increased significantly from RMB13,519.0 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2022 to RMB16,036.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily attributable to
     enlarged buyer base and increased buyer engagement, which improved the GMV for our Self-operation Business.
     The number of MPB of our Self-operation Business recorded a stable increase as compared with the same period of
     last year. Meanwhile, the average monthly GMV contribution and the average amount per order from each paying
     buyer also increased.

     The Group’s revenue from the Online Marketplace increased by 25.8% from RMB694.2 million for the year ended 31
     December 2022 to RMB873.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily attributable to the growth of
     GMV on our Online Marketplace, which was driven by increased seller and buyer base, and the increased average
     monthly GMV contribution from each paying buyer. The GMV on our Online Marketplace increased from RMB22.6
     billion for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB28.5 billion for the year ended 31 December 2023. The number
     of sellers on our Online Marketplaces increased from 6,072 as at 31 December 2022 to 8,081 as at 31 December 2023.
     The number of MPB of our Online Marketplace recorded a stable increase as compared with the same period of last
     year. Meanwhile, the average number of orders per paying buyer per month also increased.

     The Group’s revenue from the other businesses increased by 2.1% from RMB61.6 million for the year ended 31
     December 2022 to RMB62.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly attributable to the increase in
     revenue from SaaS solution.

     COST OF SALES

     The Group’s cost of sales increased by 18.6% from RMB12,840.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022
     to RMB15,231.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily due to our revenue growth and business
     expansion.

     The cost of sales of the Group’s Self-operation Business increased by 18.7% from RMB12,679.5 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2022 to RMB15,054.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase of cost of sales
     for the year ended 31 December 2023 was primarily due to the growth of purchase demand from buyers, as a result
     of which we increased the procurement of pharmaceutical products accordingly.

     The cost of sales of the Group’s Online Marketplace increased by 18.1% from RMB124.1 million for the year ended
     31 December 2022 to RMB146.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to the expansion of
     transaction volume on our platform.

     The cost of sales of the Group’s other businesses decreased by 16.4% from RMB36.6 million for the year ended 31
     December 2022 to RMB30.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to the decrease in costs in
     relation to ClouDiagnos.




16   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis


GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s gross profit increased significantly by 21.3% from RMB1,434.7 million for
the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB1,740.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Group’s gross
margin increased from 10.1% for the year ended 31 December 2022 to 10.3% for the year ended 31 December 2023.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Self-operation Business recorded a slight decrease from 6.2% for the year
ended 31 December 2022 to 6.1% for the year ended 31 December 2023, which was largely stable while the business
maintained a good scale growth.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Online Marketplace increased from 82.1% for the year ended 31 December
2022 to 83.2% for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly attributable to the increase in usage of the low-fee
transaction channels.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s other businesses increased from 40.6% for the year ended 31 December 2022
to 51.3% for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to (i) the year-on-year increase of gross profit margin
of ClouDiagnos after the adjustment to its business model; and (ii) the year-on-year growth of revenue of our SaaS
business, which has a higher gross profit, and the corresponding increase of proportion to revenue.

SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

The Group’s selling and marketing expenses increased by 4.7% from RMB1,325.6 million for the year ended 31
December 2022 to RMB1,387.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to the increase in marketing
and promotion expenses as we continue to expand our business operations. Fulfillment expenses increased slightly
by 0.6% from RMB313.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB314.8 million for the year ended 31
December 2023, among which logistics expenses increased from RMB222.3 million for the year ended 31 December
2022 to RMB234.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. Although the Group’s selling and marketing
expenses had increased during the Reporting Period, due to a greater revenue growth, the selling and marketing
expenses as a percentage of the Group’s revenue continued to decline.

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

The Group’s administrative expenses increased by 16.0% from RMB286.8 million for the year ended 31 December
2022 to RMB332.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to (i) an increase in equity-settled
share-based payment expenses due to additional share options or new award shares granted to our Directors and
employees during the Reporting Period to provide incentives to exert maximum efforts and reward continued efforts
for the success of the Group; and (ii) an increase in salary and welfare expenses as we hired additional management
personnel for the development of our business and professional staff with expertise in capital markets. Although
general and administrative expenses had increased during the Reporting Period, it remained stable as a percentage
of the Group’s revenue.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

The Group’s research and development expenses increased by 18.3% from RMB79.1 million for the year ended 31
December 2022 to RMB93.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily attributable to an increase in
equity-settled share-based payment expenses and salary and welfare expenses as we incurred more employees-
related expenses in our efforts to optimise and upgrade technology systems for our businesses and develop
technology systems for our other businesses.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     OTHER INCOME

     The Group’s other income decreased from RMB88.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB87.7 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the increase in interest income
     being partially offset by the decrease in investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
     and the government grants.

     OTHER GAINS/LOSSES (NET)

     The Group recorded net other gains of RMB20.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to
     net other gains of RMB0.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. This difference was primarily due to the
     gains from changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and the impact of losses due to
     exchange rate fluctuations.

     CHANGES IN FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
     LOSS

     The Group’s changes in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss were RMB1,299.5 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2022 and RMB3,171.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The changes
     were primarily due to fair value changes of the Company’s preferred shares resulting from a non-cash, one-time
     adjustment upon the listing per share value against fair value as of 31 December 2022 and appreciation of US dollars
     against RMB, which led to an increase in fair value of preferred shares that are denominated in US dollars.

     FINANCE COSTS

     Finance costs decreased slightly by 2.0% from RMB10.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB10.0
     million for the corresponding period in 2023 due to the decrease in interest expense of lease liabilities.

     LOSS FOR THE YEAR

     As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s loss for the year increased from RMB1,500.0 million for the year ended 31
     December 2022 to RMB3,206.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.




18   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


NON-IFRS MEASURE

In evaluating our business, we consider and use (i) Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) and (ii) Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) margin
as supplemental measures to review and assess our operating performance. The presentation of these non-IFRS
financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the financial information prepared
and presented in accordance with IFRS. We define Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) as profit or loss for the year adding back
(i) changes in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (ii) equity-settled share-based payment
expenses, and (iii) listing expenses. We define Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) margin as adjusted net profit/loss divided by
revenue. We present these non-IFRS financial measures because they are used by our management to evaluate our
operating performance and formulate business plans. Accordingly, we believe that the use of these non-IFRS financial
measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results
in the same manner as our management and Board. These non-IFRS financial measures are not defined under IFRS
and are not presented in accordance with IFRS. These non-IFRS financial measures have limitations as an analytical
tool. Further, these non-IFRS measures may differ from the non-IFRS information used by other companies, including
peer companies, and therefore its comparability may be limited. These non-IFRS financial measures should not be
considered in isolation or construed as alternatives to profit/loss or any other measure of performance. Investors
are encouraged to review our historical non-IFRS financial measures in light of the most directly comparable IFRS
measures, as shown below. The non-IFRS financial measures presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled
measure presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting
the usefulness of such measures when analysing our data comparatively. We encourage you to review our financial
information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure.

The Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss), which is unaudited, represents loss for the year adding back (i) changes in fair value
of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (ii) equity-settled share-based payment expenses, and (iii)
listing expenses of the Company. The Adjusted Net Profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023
was RMB130.5 million, representing a substantial reduction of loss RMB255.4 million from the Adjusted Net Loss
RMB124.9 million for the corresponding period in 2022. We, for the first time, have achieved the Adjusted Net Profit
for the year ended 31 December 2023.

The following table reconciles our Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) from the most directly comparable financial measure
calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS (loss for the year).

                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


 Loss for the year                                                                        (3,206,507)              (1,500,038)
 Add back:
 Changes in fair value of financial liabilities at
    fair value through profit and loss                                                     3,171,903                1,299,500
 Equity-settled shared-based payment expenses                                                118,278                   38,817
 Listing expenses                                                                             46,868                   36,865
 Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss), a non-IFRS measure                                              130,542                 (124,856)
 Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) margin, a non-IFRS measure                                         0.8%                    (0.9)%


Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) is not a measure of performance under IFRS. The use of the Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) has
material limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact our loss for the relevant period.




                                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     LIQUIDITY AND SOURCE OF FUNDING AND BORROWING

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, we have financed our operating and investing activities through cash
     generated from capital contribution from shareholders and operating activities. Our cash and cash equivalents are
     represented by cash and bank balances and time deposits with original maturity of three months or less.

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents decreased by 10.7% from RMB835.4 million as at 31
     December 2022 to RMB745.7 million. The decrease of cash and cash equivalents for the year ended 31 December
     2023 primarily resulted from our further optimisation of the payment methods to our upstream suppliers by making
     greater use of notes payables for payment settlements, corresponding to a significant increase in our restricted cash.

     The following table sets forth our cash flows for the year indicated:

                                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


      Net cash generated from operating activities                                             451,202                 98,200
      Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                  (792,946)                41,070
      Net cash generated from financing activities                                             255,343                261,927
      Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     (86,401)               401,197
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                   835,394                415,482
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (3,300)                18,715
      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                         745,693                835,394


     The Group adopts a prudent financial management approach for its cash management policy to ensure that
     the Group’s liquidity structure, comprising assets, liabilities and other commitments, is able to always meet its
     capital requirements. Going forward, we believe our liquidity requirements will be satisfied by using funds from a
     combination of cash generated from operating activities, external borrowings, net proceeds from the Global Offering
     and other funds raised from the capital markets from time to time.

     NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB451.2 million, mainly
     attributable to our loss before tax of RMB3,210.2 million for the year, as adjusted by (i) non-cash and non-operating
     items, which primarily comprised equity-settled share-based payment expenses of RMB118.3 million; changes in
     fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss of RMB3,171.9 million; and (ii) changes in working
     capital, which was mainly due to an increase of RMB708.1 million in trade and other payables. Meanwhile, trade and
     other receivables decreased by RMB56.1 million. The above effect on the increase in cash from operating activities
     was partially offset by the increase in inventories of RMB454.0 million.

     NET CASH (USED IN)/GENERATED FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, net cash used in investing activities was RMB792.9 million. It was mainly due
     to placement of restricted deposits of RMB2,136.3 million and purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit
     or loss of RMB8,540.6 million during the Reporting Period, which was partially offset by proceeds from disposal of
     financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB8,391.2 million and withdrawal of restricted deposits of
     RMB1,328.7 million.



20   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


NET CASH GENERATED FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

For the year ended 31 December 2023, net cash generated from financing activities was RMB255.3 million, which was
mainly attributable to proceeds received from the IPO of approximately RMB317.1 million.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a
value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2023) for the year ended 31 December 2023.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, consolidated affiliated entities or
associated companies for the year ended 31 December 2023.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

The Group had no pledge of assets as at 31 December 2023.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2023.

GEARING RATIO

The Group’s gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. As of 31
December 2023, as the Group had interest-bearing bank borrowings advance from discounted notes, its gearing ratio
was 3.1% (as of 31 December 2022: Zero).

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in this annual report and as at the date of this annual report, there is no other significant events that
might affect the Group since 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 6,306 employees (2022: 5,916). The following table sets forth the total
     number of employees by function as at 31 December 2023:

                                                                                                              Number of
      Function                                                                                                employees


      General and Administrative                                                                                      798
      Selling and Marketing                                                                                         2,988
      Operations                                                                                                    2,198
      Research and Development                                                                                        322


      Total                                                                                                         6,306


     The Group believes in the importance of attraction, recruitment and retention of quality employees in achieving
     the Group’s success. Employees’ remuneration is determined in accordance with prevailing industry practice and
     employees’ educational backgrounds, experience and performance. The remuneration policy and package of the
     Group’s employees are periodically reviewed.

     The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises competitive salaries, performance-based sales
     commissions, performance-based cash bonuses and certain other incentives. In accordance with applicable PRC
     regulations, the Group has made contributions to housing fund and various employee social security plans that are
     organised by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, maternity,
     work-related injury and unemployment benefit plans, at specified percentages of the salaries of our employees.
     Bonuses and sales commissions are generally discretionary and based in part on employee performance and in part
     on the overall performance of our business.

     The Company also has adopted two share incentive plans, the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive
     Plan to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General
     Information — Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further details of the share incentive plans.

     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB1,064.3 million, as
     compared to RMB988.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Total remuneration cost as a percentage of
     revenue decreased from 6.9% for the year ended 31 December 2022 to 6.3% for the year ended 31 December 2023,
     representing a continuous increase in overall employee efficiency.

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group did not experience any significant labour disputes or any difficulty
     in recruiting employees.




22   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis


FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the transactions
were settled in RMB, the Company’s primary consolidated affiliated entities’ functional currency. We are exposed
to foreign exchange risk arising mainly from bank balances and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
denominated in foreign currency of certain entities of the Group. The Group currently does not have a foreign
currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor
its foreign currency exposure and foreign exchange risk management strategies closely and will consider hedging
significant foreign currency exposure should the need arises to minimise its foreign exchange risk.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2023.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   23
     Report of Directors


     The Board is pleased to present this report of Directors together with the consolidated financial statements of the
     Group for FY 2023.

     OVERVIEW OF OUR BOARD

     The Directors who held office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Fei Chen

     Non-Executive Directors

     Mr. Frank Lin (Resigned on 14 November 2023)
     Mr. Ziyang Zhu

     Independent Non-Executive Directors

     Ms. Rong Shao
     Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun
     Mr. Hongqiang Zhao

     Biographical details of the Directors are set out in “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report.

     In accordance with Article 15.1 of our articles of association, Mr Ziyang Zhu and Mr. Hongqiang Zhao shall retire at
     our upcoming annual general meeting. Each of these Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at
     our upcoming annual general meeting.




24   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                         Report of Directors


OVERVIEW OF OUR COMPANY

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 27 August 2018 as an exempted company with limited
liability, and the Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date.

Our Business

We operate a digital pharmaceutical platform serving businesses outside of hospitals in China. We develop
technology-backed solutions that connect and empower both upstream (including pharmaceutical companies,
distributors and vendors) and downstream (including pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions. Primary
healthcare institutions refer to downstream pharmaceutical retailer that is not a hospital or a pharmacy, including,
but not limited to, a private clinic, township health centre, village clinic, and community medical institution) players
in the pharmaceutical value chain, through our ecosystem. We achieve this through our two primary businesses: (a)
Online Marketplace dedicated to registered pharmaceutical sellers and buyers to interact and transact with one
another; and (b) Self-operation Business, in which we carefully select quality products and sell these to downstream
pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions through our proprietary fulfilment system. Additionally, as part of
our ecosystem, we operate add-on services and ancillary businesses, including ClouDiagnos, wePharmacy, SaaS
Solutions, and YSB eLearn to improve the operating efficiency of our upstream and the downstream customers and
partners, and to empower pharmacies and primary healthcare with market insights and professional knowledge to
enhance their service capability and quality.

Subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities

Save as under the Company’s Global Offering, during the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of our securities listed on the Stock Exchange.

Public Float

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the
date of this annual report, the Company had maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Listing
Rules.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   25
     Report of Directors


     OVERVIEW OF OUR PERFORMANCE OVER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
     the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance and an indication of likely future
     developments in the Group’s business is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement”, “Business Outlook
     and Review” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report. Those discussions form part of this
     report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the Reporting Period is set out in “Important
     Events after the Reporting Period” in this annual report. An account of the Company’s key relationships with our
     employees, customers and suppliers and others that have a significant impact on the Company is set out in page 28
     of this annual report and will also be set out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” to be published
     at the same time of this annual report.

     Results of our Group

     The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in this
     annual report.

     Financial Summary

     A summary of the consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last four financial years is
     set out at pages 152 to 153 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the consolidated financial
     statements.

     Pre-emptive Rights

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands that
     would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to Shareholders.

     Tax Relief and Exemption

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to our Shareholders by reason of their holding
     of our securities.

     Property, Plant and Equipment

     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Reporting
     Period are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Share Capital and Shares Issued

     The Company has one class of shares with a nominal or par value of US$0.0000025 each. Details of movements in the
     share capital of the Company, and details of our shares issued, during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 28 to
     the consolidated financial statements.

     Debenture Issued

     The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period.




26   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          Report of Directors


Equity-linked Agreements

Save as disclosed in “Other Information – Share Incentive Plans” in this annual report, no equity-linked agreements
were entered into by the Group, or existed during the Reporting Period.

Dividends

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the Reporting Period.

No Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends for FY 2023.

Permitted Indemnity

Pursuant to our articles of association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained which they or any of
them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices.

Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force over the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out liability
insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.

Distributable Reserves

The Company did not have any reserves available for distribution at the end of the Reporting Period. However, as at
31 December 2023, the Company had share premium of RMB9,370.4 million.

Bank Loans and Other Borrowings

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out in Note 26 to the
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   27
     Report of Directors


     Major Customers and Suppliers

     We have a broad base of customers. During the Reporting Period, our major customers were mainly pharmaceutical
     companies and large chain pharmacies. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the revenue generated from the
     Group’s five largest customers combined accounted for less than 30% of the Group’s revenue in the same year.

     Our suppliers are primarily pharmaceutical companies, pharmaceutical manufacturers or their distributors. For the
     year ended 31 December 2023, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers combined accounted for less than
     30% of the Group’s total purchases amount in the same year.

     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond
     our control:

     (a)     ability to accurately predict and effectively cater to changing preferences, particularly in terms of product
             offerings and supply, in relation to upstream and downstream players in the pharmaceutical value chain;

     (b)     ability to protect, maintain and enhance our brand;

     (c)     uncertainties with compliance with laws and regulations in the PRC and other jurisdictions relating to data
             privacy and security;

     (d)     uncertainties with respect to the enactment, interpretation and implementation of certain laws, regulations
             and government policies in the PRC;

     (e)     ability to effectively execute monetisation strategies;

     (f)     competition with other business-to-business (B2B) pharmaceutical sales platforms and traditional
             pharmaceutical distributors;

     (g)     risks related to industry, business, and operations.

     The above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own investment
     advisors before making any investment in our Shares.




28   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          Report of Directors


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

We are committed to furthering our social responsibility, namely in promoting employee benefits and development,
and protecting the environment around us and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth.
Further details are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which is published at the same time
of this annual report.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

To the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During the Reporting Period, there was no
material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.

MATERIAL LITIGATION

The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the Reporting Period. The Directors
are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the
Reporting Period.

INFORMATION RELATING TO OUR DIRECTORS

Directors’ Service Contracts

Each of the Directors entered into an appointment service contract with the Company on 12 June 2023. Under the
contracts, the term of the respective Director’s appointment shall be for an initial term of three years from the Listing
Date or until the third annual general meeting of the Company after the Listing Date, whichever is sooner (subject to
retirement as and when required under the Articles of Association). Either party may terminate the contract by giving
not less than three months’ written notice.

The above appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement of Directors under our articles of association.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at our upcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with
members of the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation,
other than statutory compensation.

Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of Significance

None of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly,
in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of
its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of FY 2023.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   29
     Report of Directors


     Directors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debenture

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
     shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their
     spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or
     any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.

     Emolument Policy and Directors’ Remuneration

     In compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code, the Company has established a remuneration
     committee to assist the Board in formulating remuneration policies. Remuneration is determined and recommended
     based on each Director’s and senior management personnel’s qualification, position, and seniority. Their
     remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from the Board’s remuneration committee. The
     Directors and the senior management personnel are eligible participants of our share incentive plan (details of which
     are summarised in “Other Information – Share Incentive Plans” in this annual report). Details of the remuneration of
     the Directors and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Save as disclosed in the Company’s 2023 interim report, in which Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun, an independent non-executive
     Director, who adjusted his annual remuneration from RMB300,000 to RMB200,000 in accordance with his willingness,
     none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the Group
     to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as
     compensation for loss of office.

     Over the Reporting Period, the aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances,
     other allowances, and benefits in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for the Directors
     was approximately RMB23.6 million (as set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements).

     Competing interests

     To the best knowledge and belief of the Directors, the Directors have no contracts of significance with us or have any
     competing business which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, no contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or
     any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

     Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure
     obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




30   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                        Report of Directors


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group engaged in certain transactions with the following persons that constituted
continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules.

 Name of connected person                                              Relationship


 Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Note)                                               Executive Director, chief executive officer and substantial
                                                                       shareholder of our Company


Set out below is a summary of the continuing connected transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period.

Notes:

1.       The Onshore Holdcos and their subsidiaries are collectively our Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The Onshore Holdcos are
         Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Sudao”) and Guangzhou Yaobang
         Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Yaobang”). The subsidiary of Guangzhou Sudao is
         Henan Subiao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (河南速標信息科技有限公司, “Henan Subiao”). The subsidiaries of Guangzhou
         Yaobang are Guangzhou Yuewei Medical Laboratory Co., Ltd. (廣州閱微醫學檢驗所有限公司, “Guangzhou Yuewei”) and Guangzhou
         Spectrum Health Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州光譜健康科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Spectrum”).

2.       The registered shareholders of Guangzhou Sudao are Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director (as to 85.92%), Mr. Jiangwei Wang (as to 3.18%),
         Mr. Jiahao Shao (as to 0.92%), and Guangzhou Yaodao Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership), which is controlled
         by Mr. Zhang (as to 9.98%). Mr. Wang and Mr. Shao are independent third parties. The registered shareholder of Guangzhou
         Yaobang is Mr. Zhang.


Contractual Arrangements

We engage in certain activities that are subject to foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws and regulations.
These activities are namely: (a) development and application of gene diagnosis and treatment technologies, which
is prohibited from any foreign investment; and (b) value-added telecommunications, which requires EDI (electronic
data interchange and transaction processing) and ICP (internet content provider) licences that are subject to foreign
investment restrictions; entities holding these licences must be approved by the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology of the PRC (中華人民共和國工業和信息化部).

As a result of these foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws and regulations, these businesses are operated
by our consolidated affiliated entities, which are in turn, controlled by us and from which we derive the economic
benefits through a series of contractual arrangements. These contractual arrangements are narrowly tailored to
achieve our business purpose and minimise the potential for conflict with relevant PRC laws and regulations.




                                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023     31
     Report of Directors


     Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements and actions taken to mitigate the risks

     We believe the following risks are associated with our contractual arrangements. Further details of these risks are set
     out in the “Risk Factors” section of the Prospectus.

     (a)     If the PRC government finds that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our businesses in
             China do not comply with PRC regulations on foreign investment in internet and other related businesses, or
             if these regulations or their interpretation change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be
             forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.

     (b)     We rely on contractual arrangements with our consolidated affiliated entities and their shareholders for our
             operations in China, which may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership.

     (c)     We may lose the ability to use and enjoy assets held by our consolidated affiliated entities that are important
             to our business if our consolidated affiliated entities declare bankruptcy or become subject to a dissolution or
             liquidation proceeding.

     (d)     Contractual arrangements we have entered into with our consolidated affiliated entities may be subject to
             scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities. A finding that we owe additional taxes could negatively affect our financial
             condition and the value of your investment.

     (e)     If the chops of our PRC subsidiaries, including our consolidated affiliated entities, are not kept safely, are
             stolen or are used by unauthorised persons or for unauthorised purposes, the corporate governance of these
             entities could be severely and adversely compromised.

     (f)     Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to how the Foreign Investment Law may impact the viability of our
             current corporate structure and operations.

     Summary of the agreements underlying our contractual arrangements

     The contractual arrangements in place during the Reporting Period include:

     (a)     an exclusive business cooperation agreement (獨家業務合作協議) dated 16 May 2022 entered into between
             Guangzhou Sudaoyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道易信息科技有限公司) (“Guangzhou Sudaoyi”)
             and Guangzhou Sudao.

     (b)     an exclusive option agreement (獨家購買權合同) dated 16 May 2022 entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
             Guangzhou Sudao and its registered shareholders, Mr. Zhang Buzhen (張步鎮), Mr. Wang Jiangwei (汪薑
             維) (“Mr. Wang”), Mr. Shao Jiahao (邵佳豪) (“Mr. Shao”), and Guangzhou Yaodao Information Technology
             Partnership (Limited Partnership) (廣州藥道信息科技合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Guangzhou Yaodao” and
             collectively with Mr. Zhang, Mr. Wang and Mr. Shao, the “Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders”).

     (c)     a share pledge agreement (股權質押合同), dated 16 May 2022, entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
             Guangzhou Sudao and each of Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders.

     (d)     voting entrustment agreements (授權委託協議), each dated 16 May 2022 and entered into among Guangzhou
             Sudaoyi, Guangzhou Sudao and each of the Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders.

     (e)     an exclusive business cooperation agreement (獨家業務合作協議) dated 16 May 2022 entered into between
             Guangzhou Sudaoyi and Guangzhou Yaobang.




32   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                        Report of Directors


(f)    an exclusive option agreement (獨家購買權合同) dated 16 May 2022 entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
       Guangzhou Yaobang and its registered shareholder, Mr. Zhang.

(g)    a share pledge agreement (股權質押合同), dated 16 May 2022, entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
       Guangzhou Yaobang and Mr. Zhang.

(h)    a voting entrustment agreement (授權委託協議), dated 16 May 2022 and entered into among Guangzhou
       Sudaoyi, Guangzhou Yaobang and Mr. Zhang.

In FY 2023, the revenue contribution of our consolidated affiliated entities to the Group accounted for approximately
5.49% of our total revenue (2022: 5.23%).

No dividends or other distributions have been made by Guangzhou Sudao and Guangzhou Yaobang to the holders
of their the equity interests.

For further details of the relevant foreign ownership regulations in the PRC and a discussion of the material terms of
the agreements underlying our contractual arrangements are set out in “Contractual Arrangements” section of the
Prospectus.

Implication under the Listing Rules and Confirmations

Waivers applied for under the Listing Rules

For the purposes of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, our consolidated affiliated entities are treated as connected
persons of the Company, and as such, the contractual arrangements are considered continuing connected
transactions for the Company.

We have applied for, and the Stock Exchange has granted us, in respect of the contractual arrangements, (i) a
waiver from strict compliance with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval (including
recommendation from an independent financial advisor) requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules; (ii) a
waiver from strict compliance with the requirement to set a term of not exceeding three years under Rule 14A.52 of
the Listing Rules; and (iii) a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements to set monetary annual caps under
Rule 14A.53(1) of the Listing Rules, subject to certain conditions set out in the Prospectus.

Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors

Our independent non-executive Directors had reviewed the agreements underlying the Contractual Arrangements
and confirm the factors listed under Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules and that the transactions carried out during the
Reporting Period under the Contractual Arrangements had been in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
agreements.

Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the auditor of the Company, has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to
the transactions underlying the Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to their attention that would cause
them to believe that any of the factors listed under Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, where applicable, had existed
during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in “Continuing Connected Transactions” of this annual report, no
related party transactions disclosed in Note 36 to the financial statements constituted a connected transaction or
continuing connected transaction that should be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company has complied
with the disclosure requirements prescribed in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to these continuing
connected transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period.



                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   33
     Report of Directors


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING

     The Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2023. The net proceeds raised from the Global
     Offering were approximately HK$242.2 million (including the additional proceeds received upon the partial exercise
     of the Over-allotment Option (as defined in the Prospectus)).

     As of 31 December 2023, HK$24.0 million out of the net proceeds have been utilized in the manner consistent with
     that disclosed in the Prospectus under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”. Set out below is
     the status of use of proceeds from the Global Offering as of 31 December 2023. There has been no change in the
     intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus and the Company expects to fully utilised the
     residual amount of the net proceed in accordance with such intended purpose by December 2025.

                                                                                                              Expected
                                                                                                            timeline of
                                                       Net proceeds       Unutilised      Utilisation    full utilisation
                                                           from the    amount as of       during the               of the
                                                             Global    31 December        Reporting           unutilised
                                                            Offering          2023            Period          proceeds
                                                       (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


     Pharmaceutical circulation business                      109.0            99.0              10.0     By December
                                                                                                                 2025
     • leveraging market insights accumulated                   48.4            46.6               1.8    By December
       through our platform to engage more                                                                       2025
       qualified upstream participants and
       diversify our SKU offerings, making our
       platform a more attractive go-to platform
       for our buyers
     • improving our BD capabilities and                        48.4            42.5               5.9    By December
       efficiencies with our dedicated digital tools                                                             2025
     • strengthening our supply chain capability                12.2             9.9               2.3    By December
                                                                                                                 2025
     Further developing our other businesses                   60.5            52.9                7.6    By December
                                                                                                                 2025
     • expanding the geographical coverage                      36.3            31.7               4.6    By December
       of our ClouDiagnos services                                                                               2025
     • promoting market awareness and                           24.2            21.2               3.0    By December
       popularity of our wePharmacy                                                                              2025

     Research and development                                  53.3            49.6                3.7    By December
                                                                                                                 2025
     Working capital and general corporate                     19.4            16.7                2.7    By December
     purposes                                                                                                    2025


      Total                                                   242.2           218.2              24.0




34   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                           Report of Directors


AUDITOR

The Shares were only listed on 28 June 2023, and there has been no change in auditor since the Listing Date up
to 31 December 2023. The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants and Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors, who will retire and, being
eligible, offer themselves for reappointment at our upcoming annual general meeting.

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in this report and as at the date of this report, there is no other significant events that might affect
the Group since 31 December 2023.




By the order of the Board of Directors
Mr. Buzhen Zhang
Chairman

Hong Kong
11 March 2024




                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   35
     Directors and Senior Management


     As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and
     three independent non-executive Directors.

     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮), aged 48, is our executive Director, Chairman of our Board and Chief Executive Officer.
     Mr. Zhang co-founded our Group and served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2015, and as the Director
     of our Company since its incorporation in August 2018. Prior to founding our Group, Mr. Zhang held a number of
     positions with Fang Holdings Limited, which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: SFUN) from
     April 1999 to October 2014, including separately as chief technology officer, and vice president of Fang Holdings
     Limited, responsible for the technology development and business management. Mr Zhang received a bachelor’s
     degree majoring in communication engineering from the Beijing Institute of Electronic Science and Technology (北京
     電子科技學院) in China in July 1997.

     Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛), aged 40, is our executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and joint company
     secretary. Mr. Chen joined our Group in April 2022 and has served as our Director since April 2022 and
     our Chief Financial Officer since May 2022. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Chen previously worked as
     an investment banker with HSBC from July 2008 to May 2010, advising on financings and mergers and
     acquisitions for domestic and foreign clients. From May 2010 to May 2018, Mr. Chen worked with UBS AG
     Hong Kong Branch, also advising on a broad range of financings and mergers and acquisitions. From May
     2018 to April 2022, Mr. Chen was the chief financial officer and board secretary at Tubatu Group Co., Ltd.
     (土巴兔集團股份有限公司), overseeing their financial and investment activities. Mr. Chen received a bachelor’s degree
     in finance in July 2006 and a master’s degree in finance in July 2008 from Peking University (北京大學) in China. Mr.
     Chen holds a chartered financial analyst certificate from the CFA Institute, awarded in September 2012, and a board
     secretary certification from the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, awarded in November 2020.

     Non-executive Director

     Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽), aged 28, is our non-executive Director. Mr. Zhu is the Vice President, at Hopson
     Development Holdings Limited (合生創展集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 754)
     and a fellow subsidiary of Million Surplus Developments Limited (i.e., both are controlled corporations of Sounda
     Properties Limited), since July 2021. Mr. Zhu also serves as the non-executive director, the Chairman of the Risk
     Control Committee and the member of the Strategy Committee at Genertec Universal Medical Group Company
     Limited (通用環球醫療集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2666), since July 2021,
     and the non-executive director at Ping An Healthcare and Technology Company Limited (平安健康醫療科技有限公
     司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1833), since December 2021. Mr. Zhu was an assistant to
     the strategic committee director at Hopson Development Holdings Limited (合生創展集團有限公司). Mr. Zhu has also
     been the Head of Healthcare at Guangdong Yuanzhi Technology Group Co., Ltd. (廣東元知科技集團有限公司) since
     2020. Mr. Zhu received his bachelor’s degree majoring in information management and information systems from the
     Beijing Institute of Technology (北京理工大學) in China in June 2017.




36   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                Directors and Senior Management


Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉), aged 61, is our independent non-executive Director. Ms. Shao has been the Executive
Dean of the Institute of Drug Regulatory Sciences, China Pharmaceutical University (National Drug Administration
Scientific Research Base), in charge of regulatory science disciplines and research, since October 2021. Ms. Shao is
or has been an independent director of several listed corporations, including an independent director of Jiangsu
GDK Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (江蘇金迪克生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(stock code: 688670), since June 2020, I-Mab, a company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: IMAB) since June 2021 and
an independent non-executive director of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (阿里健康信息技術有限公
司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 241), since August 2023. Ms. Shao received her bachelor’s
degree in medicinal chemistry from Nanjing College of Pharmacy (南京藥學院) (now China Pharmaceutical University
(中國藥科大學)) in China in July 1983, her second bachelor’s degree in law from Nanjing University in China in July
1989, and a PhD in Pharmacy from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University (瀋陽藥科大學) in China in July 2010. Ms. Shao
is a qualified lawyer, licenced by the Jiangsu Justice Department (江蘇司法廳) in 2009.

Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉), aged 51, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Sun has been the chairman
of VSP Private Fund Management (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. (維世私募基金管理（珠海）有限公司) since December 2020, and
the chairman of VSP Investment Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (維世投資諮询（深圳）有限公司) since August 2021.
Mr. Sun assumed various positions at Qunar Cayman Islands Limited, a mobile and online travel platform listed on
Nasdaq until February 2017. Mr. Sun currently acts as an independent director of various listed companies, namely
Zhihu Inc. ( 知 乎 ), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2390) and the New York Stock Exchange
(stock symbol: ZH), iQIYI Inc. (愛奇藝) a company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: IQ) since March 2018, and Yiren
Digital Ltd. (宜人金科), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: YRD) since December 2015.
From August 2014 to July 2021, Mr. Sun acted as an independent non-executive director of CAR Inc. ( 神 州 租 車 有
限 公 司 ), a company formerly listed on the Stock Exchange until July 2021. From March 2018 to July 2019, Mr. Sun
served as an independent director of Sunlands Technology Group (formerly known as Sunlands Online Education
Group), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: STG). From September 2010 to May 2019,
Mr. Sun served as an independent director of Fang Holdings Limited (formerly known as SouFun Holdings Limited),
a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: SFUN). Mr. Sun received a bachelor’s degree in
business administration from Beijing Institute of Technology in China in July 1993. Mr. Sun was also awarded his
PRC certified public accountant (non-practicing member) certificate from the Beijing Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (北京註冊會計師協會).

Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強), aged 47, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Zhao has been an
independent non-executive director of Beisen Holding Limited (北森控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 9669) since March 2023, GOGOX Holdings Limited (快狗打車控股有限公司), a company listed
on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2246) since August 2021, and non-executive director of Li Auto Inc. (理想汽車), a
company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: LI) and the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2015) since July 2020, and HUYA
Inc. (虎牙直播), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: HUYA) since May 2018. From June
2018 to May 2023, he was the executive director and chief financial officer at Bairong Inc. (百融雲創), a company
listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6608), and from August 2013 to October 2014, he was the vice president
of finance at Fang Holdings Limited, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: SFUN). Mr.
Zhao formerly served as an assistant Chief Auditor on the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, in 2009. Mr.
Zhao received his bachelor’s degree in accounting from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in China in July 1999, and his
master’s degree in accountancy from George Washington University in Washington D.C., the United States, in May
2001.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   37
     Directors and Senior Management


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Buzhen Zhang is our executive Director, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. See “– Executive
     Directors” for Mr. Zhang’s biography.

     Mr. Fei Chen is our executive Director and Chief Financial Officer. See “– Executive Directors” for Mr. Chen’s
     biography.

     Mr. Haodong Xiao ( 肖 浩 東 ) is our Vice President. Aside from our Group, Mr. Xiao previously held positions with
     Xi’an Janssen Pharmaceutical Ltd. ( 西 安 楊 森 製 藥 有 限 公 司 ), including as the Commercial Regional Sales Director,
     South, responsible for southern region dealers and market management, from January 1999 to December 2013. From
     January 2014 to February 2017, Mr. Xiao has also worked as the general manager of Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals
     Corporation’s Popular Drug Sales Branch (廣州醫藥有限公司大眾藥品銷售分公司). Following this, from March 2017
     to November 2018, Mr. Xiao joined Johnson & Johnson Medical (Shanghai) Ltd. (強生（上海）醫療器材有限公司) as
     the Director of Channel Management, responsible for company-wide commercial channels management. Mr. Xiao
     received his certification in culinary and hospitality enterprise management (餐旅企業管理) from Shenzhen University
     in China in June 1993 and his MBA in business management from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2011.

     Mr. Zhuoqi Chen (陳焯杞) is the Chief Technology Officer as well as a director of our subsidiary Leyou Investment
     Limited. Following this, from November 2009 to May 2013, Mr. Chen worked at New Post Telecommunication
     Equipment Co., Ltd. (新郵通信設備有限公司), and from June 2013 to January 2015, as system architect at Vtron Group
     Co., Ltd. (威創集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen stock exchange (stock code: 002308) (formerly
     known as 廣東威創視訊科技股份有限公司). Mr. Chen received his Bachelor of Science degree (majoring in applied
     physics) from the Southeast University (東南大學) in China in June 2001.

     COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. Fei Chen is a joint company secretary of our Company. See “– Executive Directors” for Mr. Chen’s biography.

     Ms. Emily Fung (馮慧森), also known as Ms. Fung Wai Sum, is a joint company secretary of our Company. Ms. Fung is
     a Senior Manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services provider specialising
     in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Fung has over 15 years of experience in the corporate
     secretarial field. She has been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies as well as
     multinational, private and offshore companies. Ms. Fung is currently the company secretary/joint company secretary
     of various listed companies on the Stock Exchange, namely FriendTimes Inc. (友誼時光股份有限公司) (stock code:
     6820), Tongdao Liepin Group (同道獵聘集團) (stock code: 6100), Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited (綠地香港控
     股有限公司) (stock code: 337), Shenzhen Neptunus Interlong Bio-technique Company Limited (深圳市海王英特龍生物
     技術股份有限公司) (stock code: 8329), China ZhengTong Auto Services Holdings Limited (中國正通汽車服務控股有限
     公司) (stock code: 1728), ClouDr Group Limited (stock code: 9955), Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
     (四川科倫博泰生物醫藥股份有限公司) (stock code: 6990) and Migao Group Holdings Limited (米高集團控股有限公司)
     (stock code: 9879). Ms. Fung is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and an Associate of both
     The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom.
     Ms. Fung obtained her master’s degree in professional accounting and corporate governance from City University of
     Hong Kong in November 2008.




38   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  Directors and Senior Management


Changes in Director’s Information

Changes in Director’s information is set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51(B) of the Listing Rules:

1)     Mr. Frank Lin resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company on 14 November 2023.

2)     Ms. Rong Shao, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, has served as an independent non-
       executive director of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (阿里健康信息技術有限公司), a company
       listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 241), since August 2023.

3)     Mr Hongqiang Zhao, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, has ceased to serve as an
       executive director and chief financial officer of Bairong Inc. (a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock
       code: 06608) since May 2023. He became an independent non-executive director of Beisen Holding Limited (a
       company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 09669) since March 2023.

4)     Mr Sam Hanhui Sun, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, has adjusted his annual
       remuneration from RMB300,000 to RMB200,000 in accordance with his willingness. Other terms and conditions
       in Mr Sun’s appointment service contract remains unchanged.

Save as disclosed above, there is no other change in information of Directors required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the last published interim report.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   39
     Other Information


     DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

     Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
     and Debentures of the Company or Any of Its Associated Corporations

     As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in any
     of our Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within the meaning
     of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)), as recorded in the
     register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or as
     otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

     Interest in the Company

                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                    Number of              percentage of        Long position/
       Name of Director                 Capacity/Nature of interest            ordinary Shares                  holding(1)      Short position


       Mr. Buzhen Zhang(2)              Interest in a controlled                     125,316,184                    19.57%      Long position
                                           corporation
                                        Interest of spouse                             4,800,000                     0.75%      Long position
       Mr. Fei Chen(3)                  Beneficial owner                               7,300,000                     1.14%      Long position

     Notes:

     (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 640,485,502 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2023.

     (2)      Represents (i) 125,316,184 Shares held by MIYT Holdings Limited, a company controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited, which in turn is
              wholly owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director; and (ii) 4,800,000 Shares underlying options granted under
              the 2019 Share Incentive Plan to Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Zhang. Under the SFO, Mr. Zhang is deemed to be interested in
              the entire interests of MIYT Holdings Limited and Ms. Xu in our Company.

     (3)      Represents 7,300,000 Shares underlying options granted under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan to Mr. Chen pursuant to the exercise
              of options granted to Mr. Chen under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, so far as is known to any Director or the chief executive of the
     Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company has any interest or short position in the
     Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
     SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code.




40   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                       Other Information


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares

As at 31 December 2023, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief
executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in our Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance:

                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                 Number of        percentage of     Long position/
 Name of Shareholder         Capacity/Nature of interest    ordinary Shares            holding(1)   Short position


 MIYT Holdings Limited(2)    Beneficial owner                  125,316,184               19.57%     Long position
 MIYT Worldwide Limited(2)   Interest in a controlled           125,316,184               19.57%    Long position
                             corporation
 TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(2)        Interest in a controlled           125,316,184              19.57%     Long position
                             corporation
 Buzhen Zhang(2)(3)          Interest in a controlled           125,316,184              19.57%     Long position
                             corporation
                             Interest of spouse                   4,800,000                0.75%    Long position
 Million Surplus             Beneficial owner                   81,938,584               12.79%     Long position
 Developments Limited(4)
 Meta Group Limited(4)        Interest in a controlled           81,938,584              12.79%     Long position
                              corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology Interest in a controlled               81,938,584              12.79%     Long position
 Investment Limited(4)        corporation
 Sounda Hopson Investment Interest in a controlled               81,938,584              12.79%     Long position
 Holdings Limited(4)          corporation
 Sounda Hopson Investment Interest in a controlled               81,938,584              12.79%     Long position
 Holdings Limited(4)          corporation
 Sounda Properties Limited(4) Interest in a controlled           81,938,584              12.79%     Long position
                              corporation
 Chu Mang Yee(4)              Interest in a controlled           81,938,584              12.79%     Long position
                              corporation
 Internet Fund V Pte. Ltd.(5) Nominee for another person        80,000,000               12.49%     Long position
 Internet Fund Holding V.     Interest in a controlled           80,000,000               12.49%    Long position
 Ltd.(5)                      corporation
 Tiger Global Private         Beneficial owner                   80,000,000              12.49%     Long position
 Investment Partners XI,
 L.P.(5)
 Tiger Global Management, Investment manager                     80,000,000              12.49%     Long position
 LLC(5)
 Tiger Global PIP Performance Interest in a controlled           80,000,000              12.49%     Long position
 XI, L.P.(5)                  corporation
 Charles P. Coleman III(5)    Interest in a controlled           80,000,000              12.49%     Long position
                              corporation
 Scott Shleifer(5)            Interest in a controlled           80,000,000              12.49%     Long position
                              corporation




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   41
     Other Information


                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                        Number of    percentage of     Long position/
      Name of Shareholder            Capacity/Nature of interest   ordinary Shares        holding(1)   Short position


      H Capital V, L.P.(6)           Beneficial owner                  55,911,844            8.73%     Long position
      H Capital V GP, L.P.(6)        Interest in a controlled           55,911,844            8.73%    Long position
                                     corporation
      H Capital V GP, Ltd.(6)        Interest in a controlled           55,911,844            8.73%    Long position
                                     corporation
      Xiaohong Chen(6)               Interest in a controlled           55,911,844            8.73%    Long position
                                     corporation
      DCM Investments (DE 5),        Beneficial owner                  53,323,236            8.33%     Long position
      LLC(7)
      DCM IX, L.P.(7)                Interest in a controlled           53,323,236            8.33%    Long position
                                     corporation
      DCM Investment                 Interest in a controlled           53,323,236            8.33%    Long position
      Management IX, L.P.(7)         corporation
      DCM IX International Ltd(7)    Interest in a controlled           53,323,236            8.33%    Long position
                                     corporation
      Shanghai Fosun                 Beneficial owner                  48,721,760            7.61%     Long position
      Pharmaceutical Industrial
      Development Co., Ltd.(8)
      Shanghai Fosun                 Interest in a controlled           48,721,760            7.61%    Long position
      Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., corporation
      Ltd.(8)
      Fosun International Limited(8) Interest in a controlled           48,721,760            7.61%    Long position
                                     corporation
      Shanghai Fosun High            Interest in a controlled           48,721,760            7.61%    Long position
      Technology (Group)             corporation
      Co., Ltd.(8)
      Fosun Holdings Limited(8)      Interest in a controlled           48,721,760            7.61%    Long position
                                     corporation
      Fosun International            Interest in a controlled           48,721,760            7.61%    Long position
      Holdings Ltd.(8)               corporation
      Guo Guangchang(8)              Interest in a controlled           48,721,760            7.61%    Long position
                                     corporation
      GENIUS II FOUND                Beneficial owner                  33,863,980            5.29%     Long position
      LIMITED(9)
      Shenzhen Songhe Growth         Interest in a controlled           33,863,980            5.29%    Long position
      No.1 Equity Investment         corporation
      Partnership (Limited
      Partnership)(9)
      Shenzhen Songhe                Interest in a controlled           38,580,904            6.02%    Long position
      International Capital          corporation
      Management Partnership
      (Limited Partnership)(9)
      Luo Fei(9)                     Interest in a controlled           43,209,656            6.75%    Long position
                                     corporations



42   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                 Other Information


Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 640,485,502 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2023. “Control” takes the meaning
         under Part XV of the SFO.

(2)      MIYT Holdings Limited is wholly-owned by MIYT Worldwide Limited which in turn is the holding vehicle wholly-owned by TMF
         (Cayman) Ltd., the trustee of a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of
         Mr. Buzhen Zhang, TMF (Cayman) Ltd. and MIYT Worldwide Limited is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by MIYT
         Holdings Limited.

(3)      Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, is interested in the underlying options granted under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan
         of the Company. By virtue of Part XV of the SFO, Mr. Buzhen Zhang is deemed to be interested in the entire interest of Ms. Xiaoye
         Xu in our Company.

(4)      Million Surplus Developments Limited is wholly-owned by Meta Group Limited which is in turn controlled by Sounda Hopson
         Technology Holdings Limited and by Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited. Both Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings
         Limited and Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited are wholly-owned by Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings Limited
         which is turn is wholly-owned by Sounda Properties Limited. Sounda Properties Limited is controlled by Mr. Chu Mang Yee.
         Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Chu Mang Yee, Sounda Properties Limited, Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings
         Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited and Meta Group Limited is
         deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Million Surplus Developments Limited.

(5)      Internet Fund V Pte. Ltd. is wholly-owned by Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd., which is in turn controlled by Tiger Global Private
         Investment Partners XI, L.P., which general partner is Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and is wholly owned by Tiger Global
         Management, LLC. Both Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and Tiger Global Management, LLC are controlled by Mr. Charles P.
         Coleman III and Mr. Scott Shleifer. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Charles P. Coleman III, Mr. Scott Shleifer, Tiger
         Global PIP Performance XI, L.P., Tiger Global Management, LLC, Tiger Global Private Investment Partners XI, L.P. and Internet Fund
         Holding V. Ltd. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.

(6)      H Capital V GP, L.P. is the general partner of H Capital V, L.P. H Capital V GP, Ltd. is the general partner of H Capital V GP, L.P. and is
         controlled by Ms Xiaohong Chen. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Ms Xiaohong Chen, H Capital V GP, Ltd. and H Capital
         V GP, L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by H Capital V, L.P.

(7)      DCM Investments (DE 5), LLC is controlled by DCM IX L.P., which is in turn wholly-owned by DCM Investment Management IX, L.P.,
         which is in turn wholly-owned by DCM IX International Ltd. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of DCM IX International Limited,
         DCM Investment Management IX, L.P. and DCM IX L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by DCM Investments (DE
         5), LLC.

(8)      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned by Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
         Ltd., which is owned as to 0.22% by Fosun International Limited and 35.84% by Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.,
         which is in turn wholly-owned by Fosun International Limited. Fosun International Limited is owned as to 73.30% by Fosun Holdings
         Limited and 0.01% by Mr. Guo Guangchang. Fosun Holdings Limited is in turn wholly-owned by Fosun International Holdings Ltd.
         and which Mr. Guo Guangchang is holding as to 85.29%. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Guo Guangchang, Fosun
         International Holdings Ltd., Fosun Holdings Limited, Fosun International Limited, Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co.,
         Ltd., and Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Shanghai Fosun
         Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd..

(9)      Genius II Found Limited is wholly-owned by Shenzhen Songhe Growth No. 1 Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)
         which is in turn wholly-owned by Shenzhen Songhe International Capital Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市松
         禾國際資本管理合夥企業（有限合夥）), which Mr Luo Fei is the general partner. Shanghai Jixu Information Technology Partnership
         (Limited Partnership) ( 上 海 績 旭 信 息 科 技 合 夥 企 業（ 有 限 合 夥 ）), beneficially holding 4,716,924 Shares, is also wholly-owned by
         Shenzhen Songhe International Capital Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市松禾國際資本管理合夥企業（有限合
         夥）). Genius V Found Limited, beneficially holding 4,628,752 Shares, is in turn 50% owned by Mr. Luo Fei. Accordingly, under Part
         XV of SFO, Mr Luo Fei is deemed to be interested in 4,628,752 Shares held by Genius V Found Limited, 33,863,980 Shares held by
         Genius II Found Limited, and 4,716,924 Shares held by Shanghai Jixu Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海
         績旭信息科技合夥企業（有限合夥）). Shenzhen Songhe International Capital Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市松
         禾國際資本管理合夥企業（有限合夥）                   ) is deemed to be interested in 33,863,980 Shares held by Genius II Found Limited and 4,716,924
         Shares held by Shanghai Jixu Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海績旭信息科技合夥企業（有限合夥）).
         Shenzhen Songhe Growth No. 1 Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) is deemed to be interested in 33,863,980 Shares
         held by Genius II Found Limited.




                                                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023       43
     Other Information


     Save as disclosed above, as at the date 31 December 2023 based on publicly available information, no other person
     (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the Shares or
     underlying Shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of
     Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or which were required to be entered in the
     register required to be kept under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

     SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

     Details of Share Incentive Plans of our Company

     Overview

     Adoption

     The Company had two share incentive plans in effect during the Reporting Period: (a) the 2019 Share Incentive Plan,
     which was adopted before our Listing and does not constitute a share scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing
     Rules and under which we may not grant any new incentive units (or awards) after Listing; and (b) and the 2023 Share
     Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Plans”), which was adopted immediately prior to our Listing and constitutes a share
     scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

     Purpose of the Plans

     The purpose of both Plans is to, among others, attract and retain talent, provide incentives to participants under
     the Plans and to promote the success of our business by aligning the personal interests of participants with those of
     shareholders of our Company.

     Awards

     Under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan, we were able to grant options, unit purchase rights, or unit awards, with each
     option/unit entitling the holder to receive two Shares. Following our Listing, we have ceased granting any new
     incentive units (or awards) under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan. Under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, we are able to
     grant options or restrictive share units (each being an award), with each entitling the holder to receive one newly issued
     or existing Share.

     Further details of the Plans

     The following table summarises the material terms of the Plans. For further information about the 2019 Share
     Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-15 to IV-16 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus. For further information about the
     2023 Share Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-19 to IV-28 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

     9,631,000 new shares, representing approximately 2.49% of the weighted average of issued share capital of the
     Company, may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible
     participants pursuant to the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.




44   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                         Other Information


                                        2019 Share Incentive Plan               2023 Share Incentive Plan


Scheme mandate limit                    47,772,984 Shares                       63,235,005 new Shares; and subject
                                                                                to an annual limit of 2% of the total
                                                                                issued shares immediately upon
                                                                                Listing, for awards over existing
                                                                                Shares (which is automatically
                                                                                refreshed on 1 January of each year
                                                                                up to 2% of the total issued share
                                                                                number on 31 December of the
                                                                                previous year, and which may be
                                                                                adjusted by the Board from time to
                                                                                time).

Service provider sublimit               N/A                                     1,264,700 new Shares

Number of options and awards            No further grant of awards would be     Since the 2023 Share Incentive Plan
(either to be satisfied by new Shares   made under the 2019 Share Incentive     has only come into effect on the
or existing Shares) available for       Plan after Listing. As at 1 January     Listing Date (i.e. 28 June 2023), as
grant under the scheme mandate          2023 and 31 December 2023, the          at 28 June 2023, 63,235,005 Award
and the service provider sublimit (if   aggregate number of underlying          Shares were available for grant under
applicable) at the beginning and the    Shares pursuant to the outstanding      the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.
end of the financial year               options granted under the 2019
                                        Share Incentive Plan were 36,593,992    During the period since the Listing
                                        and 41,894,088 Shares, respectively.    Date up to 31 December 2023,
                                                                                3,818,000 Award Shares had been
                                                                                granted and 99,000 Award Shares
                                                                                had lapsed pursuant to the 2023
                                                                                Share Incentive Plan.

                                                                                As at 31 December 2023, the total
                                                                                number of Shares available for grant
                                                                                under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan
                                                                                was 59,516,005 Shares.



Number of Shares available for issue    34,429,868 shares, representing         63,235,005 shares, representing
(i.e., new Shares) pursuant to awards   5.38% of the Company’s total issued     9.87% of the Company’s total issued
granted and ungranted under the         share number as at the date of the      share number as at the date of the
plan                                    annual report, all of which represent   annual report.
                                        awards already granted prior to
(assuming no granted awards have        Listing.
lapsed or are cancelled or satisfied
in a manner other than issuing new
shares)




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   45
     Other Information


                                    2019 Share Incentive Plan                 2023 Share Incentive Plan


      Eligible participants         Eligibility is determined by the plan     Eligibility is determined by the plan
                                    administrator, and includes:              administrator, and includes, for
                                                                              grants over new Shares:
                                    • employees, director or consultant
                                      (collectively, “service providers”),    • directors and employees of the
                                      or trusts or companies established        Company and its subsidiaries
                                      in connection with an employee            (“employee participants”);
                                      benefit plan of our Company
                                      (including this plan) for the benefit   • directors and employees of our
                                      of a service provider. Employees          parent and a fellow subsidiary
                                      and directors refer to our Group,         or associated company of
                                      our parent or an affiliate of our         the Company (“related entity
                                      Company. Consultant refers to             participants”); and
                                      an entity that is engaged by our
                                      Group or our parent to provide          • service providers that, in the
                                      and is compensated for providing          opinion of the plan administrator,
                                      consulting or advisory services.          provide services to the Group on
                                                                                a continuing or recurring basis
                                                                                in our ordinary and usual course
                                                                                of business and that are in the
                                                                                interests of the long-term growth
                                                                                of the Group or to which grants
                                                                                of awards under the 2023 Share
                                                                                Incentive Plan would be in the
                                                                                interest of the Company and our
                                                                                shareholders as a whole, and shall
                                                                                include those identified on page
                                                                                IV-20 and IV-21 of Appendix IV to
                                                                                the Prospectus (“service provider
                                                                                participants”).

                                                                              Eligibility is determined by the
                                                                              plan administrator, and includes,
                                                                              but is not limited to, for grants
                                                                              over existing Shares, employee
                                                                              participants, related entity
                                                                              participants and service provider
                                                                              participants.

      Maximum entitlement of each   None                                      None; however, grants over new
      participant                                                             Shares may be subject to additional
                                                                              approval requirements as specified
                                                                              under Rules 17.04 and 17.03D of the
                                                                              Listing Rules.




46   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                       Other Information


                                       2019 Share Incentive Plan              2023 Share Incentive Plan


Exercise period for options            10 years from date of grant.           For grants over new Shares: 10 years
                                                                              from date of grant; for grants over
                                                                              existing Shares: none.

Vesting period                         A period to be determined by the       For grants over new Shares: a
                                       plan administrator.                    minimum of 12 months from the
                                                                              date of grant, except limited
                                                                              circumstances set out on page IV-24
                                                                              of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

                                                                              For grants over existing Shares: no
                                                                              restrictions under the 2023 Share
                                                                              Incentive Plan.

Consideration payable for accepting    None, unless otherwise specified by    None, unless otherwise specified by
a grant                                the plan administrator.                the plan administrator.

Basis of determining the exercise      None, unless otherwise specified by    For grants of options over new
price of options                       the plan administrator.                Shares: at a price specified by the
                                                                              administrator, provided that the
                                                                              exercise price shall be the higher
                                                                              of: (i) closing price of the Shares as
                                                                              stated in the daily quotations sheet
                                                                              issued by the Stock Exchange on
                                                                              the grant date; and (ii) the average
                                                                              closing price of the Shares as stated
                                                                              in the daily quotations sheets
                                                                              issued by the Stock Exchange for
                                                                              the five business days immediately
                                                                              preceding the grant date.

Basis of determining the purchase      None, unless otherwise specified by    None, unless otherwise specified by
price of awards (other than options)   the plan administrator.                the plan administrator.

Scheme life                            10 years from adoption date, with a    10 years from adoption date, with a
(unless terminated earlier by          scheme life of approximately 5 years   scheme life of approximately 9 years
the Board)                             remaining.                             remaining.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   47
     Other Information


     Details of grants made under the Plans

     2019 Share Incentive Plan

     The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding share options under the 2019 Share Incentive
     Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards were made under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan that
     ought to be disclosed in this annual report.

                                                                                                                                          Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                                Number                   Fair value Weighted
                                                                                                                         Number                                                                of Shares                 of options average
                                                                                                                       of options                                                            underlying     Closing     on date of     closing
                                                                                                                      outstanding Number Number Number Number Number                                 the price of        grant and price of
                                                                                                                             as at of options of options of options of options of options outstanding our Shares                the our Shares
                                                                                                                       beginning granted exercised cancelled            lapsed outstanding options immediately          accounting immediately
      Name or                                                          Vesting period                      Exercise             of during the during the during the during the as at end of as at end of before the       standard before the
      category                                                         (from date of grant) and/              price Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting                   date of      and policy exercise
      of grantee(1)    Position/Relationship Date of grant             or performance target(2)          per share(3)      Period      Period     Period     Period     Period       Period       Period      grant      adopted(4)       date


      Directors, Chief Executives, Substantial Shareholders and Associates


      Fei Chen         Director, Chief           5 May 2022            Two-third of the outstanding         US$0.40     3,990,000          –       340,000            –            –     3,650,000    7,300,000   N/A         N/A     HK$31.00
                           Financial Officer,                          options will be vested within
                           Joint Company                               4 years, and one-third of the
                           Secretary                                   outstanding options will be
                                                                       vested upon the completion of
                                                                       the core projects


      Xiaoye Xu(5)     Chief Operation           1 October 2019 to 4 years                             US$0.525-1.00    2,400,000          –            –             –            –     2,400,000    4,800,000   N/A         N/A         N/A
                          Officer of Online         1 November 2021
                          Marketplace


      Other Senior Management


      Haodong Xiao Vice President                1 December 2018 to 4 years                            US$0.525-1.00    1,007,659    200,000       193,900            –            –     1,013,759    2,027,518   N/A      US$1.92    HK$26.98
                                                    1 January 2023


      Zhuoqi Chen      Chief Technology          1 July 2017 to        4 years                          US$0.15-1.00      119,524     61,000       115,200            –            –         65,324    130,648    N/A      US$3.16    HK$27.21
                          Officer                    10 June 2023


      Other Grantees


      Employee participants in aggregate         1 July 2017 to        4 years                          US$0.14-1.00 10,779,813     2,468,000    2,475,325            –(6)   536,037(6) 10,236,451 20,472,902     N/A US$1.90-3.11    HK$27.84
                                                     10 June 2023


      Service provider participants (consultants) 1 January 2023       4 years                                   Nil           –     280,000       230,000            –            –         50,000    100,000    N/A      US$2.90    HK$25.63
         in aggregate


      Total                                                                                                            18,296,996 3,009,000 3,354,425                 –      536,037 17,415,534 34,831,068




48   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                            Other Information


Notes:

(1)      With respect to each award granted, upon each vesting date, the portion of the award that vests shall depend on the grantee
         meeting the vesting requirements, which are typically performance targets for a specified threshold in their performance evaluations
         during the one-year period prior to the vesting date, or upon successful completion of specified projects.

(2)      The exercise period of these options commences from the vesting date of the relevant options and end on the tenth anniversary of
         the grant date thereof, subject to the terms of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the share option agreement signed by the grantee.

(3)      No consideration was payable by grantees for these share options.

(4)      The fair value of share options were calculated according to the binomial option pricing model. The fair value was determined based
         on a number of factors, including market conditions (e.g., share price volatility and fluctuations), the impact of any non-vesting
         conditions (e.g., lock-up restrictions), and excluding any impact of service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g.,
         profitability, sales growth targets, employment tenure). For the relevant accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 3
         and Note 29 to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements”.

(5)      Ms. Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former director of our Company.




                                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023     49
     Other Information


     2023 Share Incentive Plan

     The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding Award Shares over new Shares under the 2023
     Share Incentive Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards over new Shares were made under the
     2023 Share Incentive Plan that ought to be disclosed in this annual report.

                                                                                                                Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                               Fair value of
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Award
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Shares on Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                Closing price date of grant      average
                                                                                        Outstanding                                                                             of our Shares       and the closing price
                                                                                               as at     Granted        Vested       Cancelled       Lapsed        Outstanding immediately accounting of our Shares
       Name or                                                Vesting period            beginning of   during the    during the     during the    during the       as at end of        before      standard immediately
       category                                               (from date of Performance Reporting      Reporting     Reporting      Reporting     Reporting          Reporting      the date and policy before the
       of grantee     Position/Relationship Date of grant     grant)         target          Period        Period        Period         Period        Period             Period      of grant adopted(3) vesting date


       992 grantees Employee participants 4 September 2023 2–4 years (1)    See Note 2           Nil    3,818,000           Nil             –          99,000(4)      3,719,000     HK$52.45      HK$54.35           N/A


       Total                                                                                     Nil   3,818,000            Nil             –         99,000         3,719,000


     Notes:

     (1)            627,900 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; and 3,190,100 Award Shares
                    shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was payable on the grant of
                    these Award Shares.

     (2)            Each vesting of the award shares granted to the award grantees will be subject to the individual annual performance targets
                    as stipulated in the respective grant letters entered into by each award grantee and the Company. These performance targets
                    are set against certain benchmark in which the individual grantee achieves, including but not limited to annual sales target, and
                    various project milestone achievements, etc. The vesting percentage of the award shares will be adjusted based on his/her annual
                    performance evaluation at each vesting.

     (3)            The fair value of award shares was determined based on the market price of the Company’s shares at the grant date. For the relevant
                    accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 3 and Note 29 to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements”.

     (4)            An aggregate of 99,000 Award Shares have lapsed under the rules of the 2023 Share Incentive Scheme, and following which, these
                    granted Award Shares were cancelled by the Company. As these Award Shares have lapsed, these Award Shares will not be counted
                    as utilising the scheme limit and will be available for future grants pursuant to the 2023 Share Incentive Scheme.




50   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for FY 2023.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate
governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of shareholders
and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

During FY 2023 and upon our Listing, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions of
the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules except for the deviation as set out below.

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the roles of chairperson and chief
executive to be separate and not to be performed by the same person. Our Company deviates from this provision
as Mr. Buzhen Zhang performs both the roles of chairman of our Board and the chief executive officer of our
Company. Mr. Zhang is the founder of the Company and a substantial shareholder, and has extensive experience in
the business operations and management of our Group. Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairman
and chief executive officer to Mr. Zhang has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and
enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning. This structure will enable our Company to make and
implement decisions promptly and effectively. Our Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not
be impaired due to this arrangement. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of our
Board, including the relevant board committees, and our three independent non-executive Directors. Our Board will
reassess the division of the roles of chairman and the chief executive officer from time-to-time, and may recommend
dividing the two roles between different people in the future, taking into account the circumstances of our Group as
a whole.

Additionally, code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code recommends that the Board should meet regularly, and board
meetings should be held at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Our Company was listed
on the Stock Exchange during the Reporting Period, on 28 June 2023, from which date the CG Code applied to
our Company. Since Listing and until the end of the Reporting Period, we held less than four Board meetings.
Nevertheless, our Board members have been in regular communication with one another and, going forward, will
continue to meet regularly to update themselves on our Company’s affairs.

Code provision C.3.2 of the CG Code recommends that functions reserved to the Board and those delegated to
management should be formalized. Our Company does not formally separate those functions reserved to the Board
and those delegated to management. However, when a matter arise that requires decision by the Board, it will be
reserved for the Board to resolve by resolutions or delegate to management.

Code provision D.1.2 of the CG Code recommends that the management should provide to all members of the
board with monthly updates, offering a fair and clear evaluation of the company’s performance, position, and
prospects. These updates should contain enough details to enable both the entire board and individual directors
to fulfill their obligations under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules. Despite the fact that our management
does not report to the Board with monthly updates, we do report updates to the executive Directors and Chairman
of the Board on a timely basis for their assessment and facilitating their decision making.

The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   51
     Corporate Governance Report


     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by
     Directors and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.

     Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the Model
     Code between the Listing Date and 31 December 2023. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the
     relevant employees has been noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Board Composition

     During the Reporting Period, our Board comprised two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three
     independent non-executive Directors, with one non-executive Director, Mr. Frank Lin, resigning from the Board on
     14 November 2023, following which and as at the date of this annual report, our Board comprised, and continues to
     comprise, two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors.

     For details on the members of the Board and their biographies, see “Directors and Senior Management” of this
     annual report.

     Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors and members of senior management are related to other
     Directors or members of senior management.

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Buzhen Zhang. Please refer to “Corporate
     Governance Practices” above for further details.

     Board Meetings, Committee Meetings and General Meetings

     The Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2023. From the Listing Date to 31 December 2023, the
     Company held two Board meetings, three Audit Committee meetings and one Remuneration Committee meeting,
     but did not hold any general meeting, Nomination Committee meeting nor Environmental, Social and Corporate
     Governance Committee meeting. The Company will fully comply with code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code to hold
     Board meetings at least four times a year, and at approximately quarterly intervals.




52   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report


A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at the Board meetings and committee meetings during the
Reporting Period is set out in the following table below:

                                                         Meetings Attended/Meetings Held during Tenure of Office
                                                                                                                   Environmental,
                                                                                                                        Social and
                                                                                                                       Corporate
                                                      Remuneration      Nomination          Audit                    Governance
                                            Board       Committee       Committee       Committee         General     Committee
 Name of Director                        meeting(s)     meeting(s)       meeting(s)     meeting(s)      meeting(s)     meeting(s)


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Buzhen Zhang                               2/2              N/A           N/A            N/A             N/A             N/A
 Mr. Fei Chen                                   2/2              N/A           N/A            N/A             N/A             N/A

 Non-executive Directors:
 Mr. Frank Lin(1)                               2/2              N/A           N/A            N/A             N/A             N/A
 Mr. Ziyang Zhu                                 2/2              N/A           N/A            N/A             N/A             N/A

 Independent Non-executive
    Directors:
 Ms. Rong Shao                                  2/2              1/1           N/A             3/3            N/A             N/A
 Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun                             2/2              1/1           N/A             3/3            N/A             N/A
 Mr. Hongqiang Zhao                             2/2              1/1           N/A             3/3            N/A             N/A

Note:

(1) Mr. Frank Lin resigned from the Board on 14 November 2023.


Apart from regular board meetings, the Chairman of our Board also held one meeting with the independent non-
executive Directors without the presence of the other executive Director during the Reporting Period.

Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors

During the Reporting Period, the Board had at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the
appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of
whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a written annual confirmation of his/
her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are laid down in our articles
of association. The Board’s Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the composition of the Board,
developing, and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of Directors, monitoring the
appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors and assessing the independence of independent
non-executive Directors.




                                                                                                        YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   53
     Corporate Governance Report


     At every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number
     is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office
     by rotation, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A
     retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the annual general meeting at which he/she retires and shall be
     eligible for re-election thereat. Our articles of association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a casual
     vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting after
     appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

     Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management

     The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for
     directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
     down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
     and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

     All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
     spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge, and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
     functioning.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
     independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
     duties to the Company.

     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.

     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
     control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
     information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities
     relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing, and coordinating the daily operation and management of
     the Company are delegated to the management.

     Continuous Professional Development of Directors

     All Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and
     skills to ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

     Every newly appointed Director should receive formal, comprehensive, and tailored induction on the first occasion of
     his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of our Company and full
     awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

     Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for the Directors would be arranged and reading materials
     on relevant topics would be provided to the Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend
     relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.




54   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report


During the Reporting Period, the Directors (Mr. Buzhen Zhang, Mr. Fei Chen, Mr. Frank Lin, Mr. Ziyang Zhu, Ms. Rong
Shao, Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun and Mr. Hongqiang Zhao) were regularly briefed on the amendments to or updates on
the relevant laws, rules and regulations. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would be arranged and reading
material on relevant topics would be provided to Directors where appropriate.

Prior to the Listing, all of the Directors participated in a training session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher
& Flom, our legal advisor as to Hong Kong law, on directors’ duties, responsibilities and obligations under the Listing
Rules and the SFO.

Directors’ and Officers’ Liabilities Insurance

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of legal
actions against Directors, officers and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities. See
also “Permitted Indemnity” on page 27 of this annual report.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the
Nomination Committee, and the Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Committee, for overseeing
particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is established with defined written terms of
reference. Copies of these terms of reference are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

                                Chairperson (C)/
 Board Committee                Members                      Description and summary of work performed


 Audit Committee                Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (C)       The purpose of this committee is to assist and advise
                                Ms. Rong Shao                the Board in establishing formal and transparent
                                Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun           arrangements to consider how the Board should apply
                                                             financial reporting, risk management and internal control
                                                             principles and maintain an appropriate relationship with
                                                             the Company’s auditor.

                                                             Its scope of duties includes, among others, advising
                                                             on significant issues relating to the financial reporting,
                                                             operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness
                                                             of risk management and internal control systems and
                                                             internal audit function, recommending the appointment
                                                             of external auditors and engagement of non-audit
                                                             services and relevant scope of works.

                                                             It has reviewed, in respect of the year ended 31
                                                             December 2023, the interim financial results and report
                                                             for the period ended 30 June 2023, and significant issues
                                                             on the financial reporting, operational and compliance
                                                             controls, the effectiveness of the risk management and
                                                             internal control systems and internal audit function,
                                                             appointment of external auditors and engagement of
                                                             non-audit services and relevant scope of works and,
                                                             connected transactions and arrangements for employees
                                                             to raise concerns about possible improprieties.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   55
     Corporate Governance Report


                                   Chairperson (C)/
      Board Committee              Members                  Description and summary of work performed


      Remuneration Committee       Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (C)   The purpose of this committee is to make
                                   Ms. Rong Shao            recommendations to the Board on the policy and
                                   Mr. Hongqiang Zhao       structure for the remuneration of directors and senior
                                                            management, to establish a formal and transparent
                                                            procedure for developing policy, to evaluate the
                                                            performance of Directors and senior management, to
                                                            review and approve the terms of and/or matters relating
                                                            to incentive schemes including share schemes under
                                                            Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

                                                            Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing
                                                            proposed remuneration packages for Directors and
                                                            senior managers, including their share incentive
                                                            packages, and to make recommendations to the Board.

                                                            From the Listing Date to 31 December 2023, it has
                                                            considered and reviewed the existing remuneration
                                                            policies and structures, and reviewed and made
                                                            recommendations to the Board on the remuneration
                                                            policy and the remuneration packages (which includes
                                                            the grant of awards under the Company’s incentive
                                                            schemes, where applicable) of the Directors and senior
                                                            management.

      Nomination Committee         Mr. Buzhen Zhang (C)     The purpose of this committee is to identify, consider
                                   Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun       and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates
                                   Mr. Hongqiang Zhao       to serve as Directors of the Company, to oversee the
                                                            process for evaluating the performance of the Board,
                                                            and to develop and recommend to the Board the
                                                            nomination guidelines, which shall be consistent with any
                                                            applicable laws, regulations and listing standards

                                                            Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing
                                                            the current Board composition, assessing diversity and
                                                            needs of the Board, and making recommendations
                                                            about future Director appointments.

                                                            From the Listing Date to 31 December 2023, it has
                                                            conducted an annual review of the Board Diversity
                                                            Policy and the composition of the Board, and reviewed
                                                            the annual confirmation of independence of the
                                                            independent non-executive Directors and assessed their
                                                            independence.




56   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report


                                Chairperson (C)/
 Board Committee                Members                      Description and summary of work performed


 Environmental, Social and      Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (C)       The purpose of this committee is to review and monitor
 Corporate Governance           Ms. Rong Shao                the Company’s environmental, social and corporate
 Committee                      Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun           governance policies and practices to ensure compliance
                                                             with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements,
                                                             monitor and respond to emerging ESG issues.

                                                             Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing
                                                             the ESG report prepared on the Company and making
                                                             further ESG related suggestions and recommendations
                                                             to the Board to further enhance ESG practices and
                                                             achieve ESG targets of the Group.

                                                             The key area of consideration performed by the
                                                             committee from the Listing Date to 31 December 2023
                                                             includes reviewing the Company’s compliance with the
                                                             Listing Rules with respect to ESG matters; analysing the
                                                             current ESG status of the Company; and assessing the
                                                             adequacy of the Company’s policies and practices on
                                                             ESG matters.


Other than Mr. Buzhen Zhang, who is the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and executive Director of
the Company, the other members of the Board committees are all independent non-executive Directors.

Director and Senior Management Remuneration

Details of the Directors’ remuneration for FY 2023 are set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

The remuneration of the senior management (other than Directors) of the Group by band for FY 2023 are:

 Remuneration Bands (HK$)                                                                        Number of Persons


 HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                                                           1
 HK$4,500,001 – HK$5,000,000                                                                                           1


 TOTAL                                                                                                                2




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   57
     Corporate Governance Report


     BOARD POLICIES AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

     Board Diversity Policy

     Our Company has adopted a board diversity policy (“Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out the approach to
     achieve diversity of the Board. Our Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and
     sees increasing diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the
     Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the
     widest possible pool of available talent. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable
     candidates to serve as a Director of the Company, the Nomination Committee will consider a number of aspects,
     including, but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills,
     knowledge, and industry and regional experience. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee
     will discuss periodically and when necessary, agree on the measurable objectives for achieving diversity, including
     gender diversity, on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption.

     The Nomination Committee has conducted an annual review of the Board Diversity Policy to ensure its effectiveness.
     The review results are satisfactory. The Nomination Committee and the Board consider that the current composition
     of the Board is sufficiently diverse and has met the objectives set out in the Board Diversity Policy and provided the
     Company with a good balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of
     its business, and accordingly have not set other measurable objectives.

     Gender Diversity

     The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. Currently, the Board has one female Director and
     five male Directors, and the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, representing its senior management, is male. The Board
     targeted to achieve and has achieved to have at least one female Director, and considers that the above current
     gender diversity in the Board is satisfactory. The Board will continue to embrace gender diversity when making
     future board appointments but no specific targets or timelines to further enhance gender diversity have been set as
     the Board is of the view that all aspects of diversity should be considered as a whole in the selection of candidates
     for directorship. The same approach to gender diversity at the Board level also applies to the Group’s workforce,
     including its senior management. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group,
     including the Board and senior management as at the date of this annual report:

                                                                                      Female                        Male
                                                                         Percentage (number)         Percentage (number)


      Board                                                                                16.7%                    83.3%
                                                                                               (1)                      (5)
      Senior Management                                                                     0.0%                  100.0%
                                                                                               (0)                      (2)
      Other employees                                                                      40.5%                    59.5%
                                                                                          (2,554)                  (3,748)
      Overall (Directors included)                                                         40.5%                    59.5%
                                                                                          (2,555)                  (3,755)




58   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report


We will implement policy to ensure gender diversity when recruiting staff to develop a pipeline of female senior
management and potential successors to the Board. We will strive to enhance our female representation and
achieve appropriate balance of gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’ expectation and international
and local recommended best practices. Furthermore, we continue to embrace gender diversity aimed at identifying
and training our female staff who display leadership and potential, with the goal of promoting them to the senior
management or the Board. However, our Company currently does not consider it appropriate to set any specific
gender target for its workforce. As an equal opportunity employer, our Company also takes into account other
relevant factors in its hiring decisions, and we believe the gender ratio of our current workforce is appropriate for our
current business model and operational needs.

Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the Environmental, Social and
Governance Report, which will be published at the same time as the publication of this annual report.

Director Nomination Policy

The Company has adopted a director nomination policy in accordance with the CG Code. The director nomination
policy sets out the selection criteria and process and the Board’s succession planning considerations in relation to
nomination and appointment of Directors of the Company and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills,
experience, and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee shall identify, consider, and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates to serve
as Directors and to make recommendations to our Shareholders. The ultimate responsibility for selection and
appointment of Directors rests with our entire Board.

The director nomination policy sets out the non-exhaustive factors for assessing the suitability and the potential
contribution to the Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:

•      reputation for integrity;

•      professional qualifications and skills;

•      accomplishment and experience in the industry of the Company;

•      commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

•      independence of proposed independent non-executive Directors; and

•      diversity of the Board in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
       background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge, and length of service.

The director nomination policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and
re-election of Directors at general meetings.

The Nomination Committee will review the director nomination policy, from time to time and as appropriate, to
ensure its effectiveness.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   59
     Corporate Governance Report


     Corporate Governance Function

     The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.

     The Board would review the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
     professional development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies, and practices on
     compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure
     in its Corporate Governance Report.

     The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances
     require provide updated written training materials relating to the roles, functions, and duties of a director of a
     company listed on the Stock Exchange.

     BOARD INDEPENDENCE EVALUATION MECHANISM

     The Board has established mechanisms in accordance with the code provision B.1.4 of CG Code to ensure
     independent views and input from any Directors are conveyed to the Board. The Board includes a balanced
     composition of executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors)
     so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which enables it effectively exercise independent
     judgement. External independent professional advice is available as and when required by individual Directors. The
     Board reviews annually the implementation and effectiveness of the board independence mechanisms, including but
     not limited to assessing the independence of non-executive directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
     Board also evaluates the board composition and its independence with reference to the requirements under Listing
     Rules.

     During FY 2023, the Board has completed the review for the implementation and effectiveness of the Board
     independence evaluation mechanism and concluded that the results were satisfactory.

     Dividend Policy

     The Company has adopted a dividend policy on payment of dividends in accordance with code provision F.1.1 of the
     CG Code.

     The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. According to the dividend policy, payment
     of dividends depends on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and
     surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Directors may deem relevant.
     Dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial
     year will be subject to our Shareholders’ approval.

     Additionally, we are a holding company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, the payment
     and amount of any future dividends will also depend on the availability of dividends received from our subsidiaries.
     PRC Laws require that dividends be paid only out of the profit for the year determined according to PRC accounting
     principles. PRC Laws also require companies to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits, if any, to fund its statutory
     reserves, which are not available for distribution as cash dividends. Dividend distribution to our Shareholders is
     recognised as a liability in the period in which the dividends are approved by our Shareholders or Directors, where
     appropriate. As advised by our Cayman Islands counsel, under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company
     may pay a dividend out of either profits or share premium account. Even if there are accumulated losses, a dividend
     may be paid out of the share premium account, provided that the memorandum and articles of association do not
     prohibit such payment. In no circumstances may a dividend be declared or paid if this would result in the company
     being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.




60   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report


FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

Directors’ Responsibility in Respect of the Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
Reporting Period.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditor of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, about their reporting
responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual
report.

Auditors’ Responsibility and Remuneration

The Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the external auditor for the Reporting Period. A statement
by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the
Independent Auditors’ Report at pages 67 to 71.

Details of the fees paid and payable in respect of the audit and non-audit services provided by Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu for FY 2023 are set out in the table below. The audit and audit related services conducted by the Auditor
comprise of audit and review services for the Group. The non-audit service covered ESG related assurance service.

                                                                                                     Total fees paid
 Services rendered for the Company                                                                     and payable
                                                                                                            RMB’000

 Audit and audit related services related to the Group                                                           3,900
 Non-audit service                                                                                                 228

 Total                                                                                                          4,128

Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and
reviewing their effectiveness. The risk management and internal control measures are designed to manage rather
than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Company recognises that risk management is critical to the success of the business operation. Accordingly, we
have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems consisting of
policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are dedicated to
continuously improving these systems. We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies
in various aspects of our business operations, such as financial reporting, information system, internal control, and
human resources, and have conducted regular (at least once a year) risk assessments to ensure the effective operation
of our risk assessment management and internal control systems. During the Reporting Period, the Board conducted
an annual review on the effectiveness on the risk management and internal control system of the Company and
considered the system effective and adequate. The annual review also covered the financial reporting and internal
audit function and staff qualifications, experiences and relevant resources.

The Audit Committee, and ultimately the Board, supervise the implementation of risk management policies. Risks
identified by management will be analysed on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly followed up
and mitigated by the Group and the Board.

                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   61
     Corporate Governance Report


     Some notable areas of risk management focus include:

     Financial Risk Management

     We have in place a set of accounting policies in connection with our financial reporting risk management, such as
     financial management policies, budget management policies, treasury management policies, tax management
     policies and accounting manual. We have various procedures and IT systems in place to implement our accounting
     policies, and our finance department reviews our management accounts based on such procedures. We also provide
     diverse training programs tailored for our finance department employees to ensure that they understand our financial
     management and accounting policies and implement them in our daily operations.

     Information System Risk Management

     We have implemented a network of process and software controls to protect individual personal information and
     privacy. We encrypt data in network transmission. For back-end storage, we also use various encryption technologies
     at software and hardware levels to protect sensitive data. To minimise the risk of data loss or leakage, we conduct
     regular data backup and data recovery tests. We collect and process data and narrowly tailor their usage to the
     extent possible. In particular:

     •       Data Collection. We collect and process data and narrowly tailor their usage to the extent possible.

     •       Data Security and Privacy. We prioritise data security and privacy by strictly following our defined policy.
             We have a dedicated team to enforce our privacy practises. We have completed the grading and filing for
             our primary business information systems under China’s Multiple-level Protection System according to the
             Administrative Measures for the Graded Protection of Information Security (《信息安全等級保護管理辦法》).
             We have established a coordination mechanism with third parties to handle information security threats in
             a timely manner. We have established company-wide policies to cover various aspects of network security
             and data privacy and protection. We have adopted and implemented various cybersecurity and data
             protection policies which set out technical and organisation measures to protect users’ data privacy and
             security, including: Guidelines for Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment (《 個 人 信 息 保 護 影 響
             評估指引》), Guidelines for Vendor Data Protection Management (《供應商數據保護管理指引》), Network and
             Data Security Management Policy (《網絡及數據安全管理制度》), Emergency Response Plan for Network and
             Personal Data Security Incidents (《網絡與個人信息安全事件應急預案》), Network Failure Operation Manual
            (《網絡故障操作手冊》), Information Security Operation Protocol (《信息安全操作規範》), Account Password
             Management Policy (《賬號口令管理制度》), Response Plan for Business System Disaster (《業務系統整體災難
             應急預案》), Confidentiality Provisions (《保密條款》), Confidentiality Grading Management Protocol (《保密分
             級 管 理 規 範 》) and the requirements on data breach and destruction of important files and data in our YSB
             Employee Handbook (   《藥師幫員工手冊》). We have also promulgated and issued the Confidentiality and File
             Management System for Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings (《境外發行證券和上市相關保密和檔案管
             理工作制度》) and the Guidelines for the Provision of Due Diligence Data for Overseas Listings Projects (《境
             外上市項目盡調數據提供指引》) to meet the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, including the
             Regulations on Strengthening Confidentiality and File Management for Overseas Securities Offerings and
             Listings of Domestic Enterprises (
                                              《關於加強境內企業境外發行證券和上市相關保密和檔案管理工作的規定》                                         ). We
             have an internal team dedicated to formulating data protection policy and monitoring data security practices,
             and we hold relevant personnel accountable for unauthorised access and data breaches. We strictly comply
             with laws and regulations and do not distribute or sell personal data for any illegal or unauthorised purpose.




62   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report


•      Information Security Measures. At the enterprise level, we established a systematic and universal account
       authorisation and management mechanism based on which we periodically review the status of accounts
       and the related authorisation information. We regularly perform security configuration assessment on our
       databases and servers and implement procedures for system log management. We have put in place a series
       of back-up management procedures. We set the frequency and time interval of back-up plans. We require
       that at least one of our back-up plans, such as local server back-up and offsite back-up, must be followed. We
       perform data recovery tests on a regular basis, and we retain relevant records. We provide information security
       training to our employees and conduct ongoing trainings, and we discuss any issues or necessary updates
       from time to time. We also have an emergency response mechanism to evaluate critical risks, formulate
       disaster response plans and perform emergency drills on a regular basis. Our information security department
       is responsible for ensuring that the usage, maintenance, and protection of data are in compliance with our
       internal rules and the applicable laws and regulations.

Internal Control Risk Management

We have designed and adopted strict internal procedures to ensure the compliance of our business operations with
the relevant rules and regulations. Our internal control team works closely with our business units to (i) perform risk
assessments and give advice on risk management strategies, (ii) improve business process efficiency and monitor
internal control effectiveness, and (iii) promote risk awareness throughout our Company.

With regards to the management of legal and compliance risks, our in-house legal department performs the basic
function of reviewing and updating the form of contracts we enter into with our consumers, merchants and relevant
third parties. Our legal department examines the contract terms and reviews relevant documents for our business
operations, and the necessary underlying due diligence materials, before we enter into any contract or business
arrangements. In addition, our quality control teams under each business group are also responsible for reviewing
the licences and permits of the relevant counterparties and proposed commercial terms before we enter into any
contract or business arrangements. Our in-house legal department reviews our services for regulatory compliance
before they are made available to the general public. Our in-house legal department and administrative department
are responsible for obtaining any requisite governmental pre-approvals or consents, including preparing and
submitting all necessary documents for filing with relevant government authorities within the prescribed regulatory
timelines.

We have also developed disclosure procedures which provide general guidance for the Company’s Directors, senior
management and relevant employees on handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and
responding to enquiries. The Company has implemented internal procedures to prevent any unauthorized access
and use of inside information.

We review the implementation of our risk management policies and measures annually to ensure our policies and
implementation are effective and sufficient.

Human Resources Risk Management

We provide regular and specialised training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
have a training centre which regularly organises internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside
consultants on topics of interest that employees can vote on. The training centre schedules regular online and
classroom trainings, reviews the content of the trainings, follows up with employees to evaluate the impact of such
training and rewards lecturers for positive feedback.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   63
     Corporate Governance Report


     We have in place an employee handbook and a code of conduct approved by our management and have distributed
     them to all our employees. The handbook contains internal rules and guidelines regarding work ethics, fraud
     prevention mechanisms, negligence and corruption. We provide employees with regular training, as well as resources
     to explain the guidelines contained in the employee handbook. We have in place an anti-bribery and corruption
     policy to safeguard against any corruption within our Company. The policy explains potential bribery and corruption
     conduct and our anti-bribery and corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and available
     for our staff to report any bribery and corruption acts, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our anti-
     fraud department. Our anti-fraud department is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking
     appropriate measures.

     Anti-corruption and Bribery Risk Management

     As we and our employees deal with a variety of third parties in our operations, we have implemented internal
     procedures with respect to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and conflict of interest matters. First, we have adopted a
     series of internal regulations against corruption, bribery, and fraudulent activities, which include measures against
     receiving bribes and kickbacks, and misappropriation of company assets. Second, our internal audit department
     carefully evaluates risk events of potential corruption and bribery and conducts investigations when necessary. Third,
     we have implemented clear and strict policies and guidelines that prohibit the acceptance of gifts, hospitality, and
     other offers by interested third parties. Employees are required to acknowledge and accept our internal code of
     business conduct and ethics that lists in detail relevant policies and regulations, including, but not limited to, clear
     definitions of bribery, corruption, and interested parties. Our internal audit department conducts internal audits
     regularly (at least once a year).

     Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight

     We have established the Audit Committee to monitor the implementation of our risk management policies across
     the Company on an ongoing basis to ensure that our internal control system is effective in identifying, managing
     and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. The Audit Committee consists of three members, being
     our independent non-executive Directors. For the professional qualifications and experiences of the members of
     our Audit Committee, see the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. We also
     maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls and
     reporting to the Audit Committee and senior management on any issues identified. Our internal audit department
     members hold regular meetings (at least once a year) with management to discuss any internal control issues we
     face and the corresponding measures to implement toward resolving such issues. The internal audit department also
     reports regularly (at least about once in a half year) to the Audit Committee to ensure that any major issues identified
     are channelled to the committee on a timely basis. The Audit Committee then discusses the issues and reports to the
     Board, if necessary.

     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. Fei Chen and Ms. Emily Fung are the joint company secretaries of the Company. See “Directors and Senior
     Management” of this annual report for their biographies. Mr. Chen (executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of
     the Company) has been designated as the primary corporate contact person at the Company who would work and
     communicate with Ms. Fung on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.

     During the Reporting Year, Mr. Chen and Ms. Fung have each undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




64   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report


SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND COMMUNICATIONS

Shareholder Right to Requisition a General Meeting

Pursuant to Article 9.3 of our articles of association, one or more members holding, as at the date of deposit of the
requisition, in aggregate not less than one-tenth of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in the share
capital of the Company may make a requisition to convene an extraordinary general meeting and/or add resolutions
to the agenda of a general meeting.

Such requisition shall be made in writing (for details of contact information, please see the section “Putting Forward
Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details” below) to the Board or the Secretary for the purpose of requiring an
extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the consideration of any business specified in such
requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition.

If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself
(themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result
of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may achieve this by means of convening an
extraordinary general meeting following the procedures set out in the paragraphs above.

For the procedures for our Shareholders to propose a candidate for election as a director of the Company, please
see the Company’s website at www.ysbang.cn.

Distribution of Corporate Communications to Shareholders

As part of the Company’s initiatives to be more environmentally conscious, the Company has adopted new
arrangements on dissemination of corporate communications on 23 February 2024 which allow the Company’s
transition to electronic communications. Under this new arrangement, we will not distribute printed copies of
corporate communications to Shareholders by default.

Under this updated electronic communications method, the Company has sent a initial notification letter to the
registered address of each Shareholder kept with the Hong Kong Share Registrar. This letter detailed the updated
electronic communications method and include a method by which Shareholders can notify/update the Company
with its nominated functional email address and/or make a specific request for certain corporate communications to
be delivered to them in printed form for a limited of time.

Corporate communications to Shareholders (including circulars and a copy of this report) and other information
published by the Company (including financial results and announcements) can be viewed and downloaded at the
below websites:

Company:                    www.ysbang.cn

Stock Exchange:             www.hkex.com.hk

Additionally, at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will be
available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   65
     Corporate Governance Report


     Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details

     For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company in the
     following manner:

     Attention:                    Joint Company Secretary of YSB Inc.

     Post:                         5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong

     Subject:                      Enquiry from Shareholder of YSB Inc.

     For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
     or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and
     identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law. The
     Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

     Communication with Shareholders and Investors Relations

     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
     and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has adopted a
     shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”), which aims to set out the approach
     of the Board to provide Shareholders of the Company and other stakeholders (including potential investors)
     information about the Company, in a fair and equal manner. In accordance with the Shareholders’ Communication
     Policy, the Company endeavours to maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through
     annual general meetings and other general meetings, at which the Shareholders are able to communicate and share
     opinions with the Board, and exercise their voting rights. At the forthcoming annual general meeting, our Directors (or
     their delegates as appropriate) will be available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

     As set out above in the section headed “Distribution of Corporate Communications to Shareholders”, the Company
     discloses information and publishes corporate communication to the public on the Stock Exchange’s website in
     a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules, the relevant laws and regulations. The primary focus of the
     Company is to ensure information disclosure is timely, fair, accurate, truthful and does not contain any material
     omission, thereby enabling Shareholders, investors as well as the public to make rational and informed decisions.
     To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at www.ysbang.cn, where information and
     updates on the Company’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate governance
     practices and other information are available for public access.

     We annually review the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy (with
     communication channels). Following our review during the Reporting Period, we have concluded that the above
     policy provides sufficient opportunity and avenues for ongoing communication between the Company (including the
     Board and management) and our Shareholders and the results were satisfactory.

     Changes in Constitutional Documents

     From the Listing Date to 31 December 2023, the Company did not make any significant changes to its constitutional
     documents.

     The latest version of our memorandum and articles of association are available on the websites of the Company and
     the Stock Exchange.



66   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report


TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF YSB INC.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 72 to 151, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2023, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   67
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Allowance for inventories

      We identified the allowance for inventories as a key       Our procedures in relation to allowance for inventories
      audit matter due to the significance of the balance        included:
      to the consolidated financial statements and the
      management judgments and estimations involved in           •      Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s
      the identification of obsolete or damaged inventories             allowance policy on inventories and the
      and the determination of the net realisable value of the          management’s process over the identification
      inventories.                                                      of obsolete or damaged inventories and the
                                                                        determination of the net realisable value of
      The management identified the obsolete or damaged                 inventories; and
      inventories based on expiry date or physical condition
      of the inventories. The specific factors considered by     •      Evaluating the reasonableness of the Group’s
      management in the estimation of the allowance for                 allowance for inventories by:
      obsolete or damaged inventories include the latest
      sales information, expected market demand and                     •      Observing the Group’s physical inventory
      saleability of inventories.                                              counts to ascertain whether obsolete or
                                                                               damaged inventories were identified;
      As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated
      financial statements, as at 31 December 2023, the                 •      Testing the expiry date of inventories, on
      carrying amount of inventories was approximately                         a sample basis, to the product labels;
      RMB1,470,293,000, net of allowance of approximately
      RMB14,184,000.                                                    •      Tracing the latest selling prices for
                                                                               inventories sold subsequent to the
                                                                               reporting period, on a sample basis, to
                                                                               the relevant sales invoices; and

                                                                 •      Performing retrospective review on the accuracy
                                                                        of management’s assessment relating to the
                                                                        allowance for inventories.




68   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report


OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   69
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
             fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
             sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
             resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
             intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
             appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
             Group’s internal control.

     •       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
             and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
             on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
             may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
             material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
             in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
             conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
             events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
             the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
             events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
             activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
             for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
             opinion.




70   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Chan Men.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
11 March 2024




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   71
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                     Notes     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Revenue                                                          5      16,972,276        14,274,810
      Cost of sales                                                          (15,231,353)      (12,840,093)


      Gross profit                                                            1,740,923         1,434,717
      Other income                                                     6         87,730            88,920
      Other gains and losses                                           7            901            19,965
      Changes in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value
         through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                             27      (3,171,903)       (1,299,500)
      Impairment losses reversed (recognised) under expected
         credit loss model, net                                       32           2,540              (2,300)
      Selling and marketing expenses                                          (1,387,290)       (1,325,640)
      Research and development expenses                                          (93,601)           (79,146)
      General and administrative expenses                                       (332,597)         (286,787)
      Finance costs                                                    8         (10,032)           (10,231)
      Listing expenses                                                           (46,868)           (36,865)


      Loss before tax                                                         (3,210,197)       (1,496,867)
      Income tax credit (expense)                                     9a           3,690             (3,171)


      Loss for the year                                               10      (3,206,507)       (1,500,038)
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                                         –                 –


      Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                       (3,206,507)       (1,500,038)


      Loss and total comprehensive expense
        for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                 (3,189,212)       (1,488,688)
        Non-controlling interests                                                (17,295)           (11,350)


                                                                              (3,206,507)       (1,500,038)


      LOSS PER SHARE
        Basic and diluted (RMB)                                       13           (8.26)            (11.88)




72   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                     As at 31 December 2023



                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                   2023              2022
                                                   Notes       RMB’000            RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment, net                  14          69,586                 98,261
Right-of-use assets                                 15         140,130                165,749
Intangible assets                                   16          85,311                 98,903
Goodwill                                            17           9,252                  9,252
Deferred tax assets                                 9b           4,524                  1,584
Time deposits                                       21          40,000                 50,000


                                                               348,803                423,749


Current assets
Inventories                                         18        1,470,293             1,016,168
Trade and other receivables                         19          457,715               503,460
Amount due from a shareholder                       36                –                     2
Financial assets at FVTPL                           20          865,493               711,076
Time deposits                                       21          289,673               320,487
Restricted bank deposits                            22        1,105,992               298,404
Bank balances and cash                              22          673,874               835,394


                                                              4,863,040             3,684,991


Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                            23       (3,105,738)            (2,398,078)
Contract liabilities                                24          (10,308)                (24,434)
Lease liabilities                                   25          (62,550)                (81,178)
Bank borrowings                                     26          (57,508)                      –
Financial liabilities at FVTPL                      27                –             (5,872,042)


                                                             (3,236,104)            (8,375,732)


Net current assets (liabilities)                              1,626,936             (4,690,741)


Total assets less current liabilities                         1,975,739             (4,266,992)




                                                                      YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   73
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 31 December 2023



                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                   Notes             RMB’000            RMB’000


      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                              25               (89,603)              (99,370)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                       9b                (2,598)                (3,348)


                                                                                      (92,201)            (102,718)


      Net assets (liabilities)                                                      1,883,538            (4,369,710)


      Capital and reserves (deficits)
      Share capital                                                  28                    11                     2
      Reserves (deficits)                                                           1,919,751            (4,350,783)


      Equities (deficits) attributable to owners of the Company                     1,919,762            (4,350,781)
      Non-controlling interests                                                       (36,224)               (18,929)


      Total equities (deficits)                                                     1,883,538            (4,369,710)


     The consolidated financial statements on pages 72 to 151 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
     directors on 11 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                             Buzhen Zhang                                           Fei Chen
                              DIRECTOR                                             DIRECTOR




74   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                   Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                      Share-
                                                                                      based                                                       Non-         Total
                                             Share        Share         Capital    payments      Treasury Accumulated                       controlling      equities
                                            Capital    premium        reserves      reserves       shares      losses         Sub-total       interests     (deficits)
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                         (Note)


    As at 1 January 2022                         2            –          39,890       24,040            –       (2,964,842)   (2,900,910)        (7,579)   (2,908,489)


    Loss and total comprehensive
      expense for the year                       –            –              –              –           –       (1,488,688)   (1,488,688)       (11,350)   (1,500,038)
    Recognition of equity-settled
      share-based payments (Note 29)             –            –              –        38,817            –                –       38,817               –       38,817
    Transfer forfeited equity-settled
      share-based payments to
      accumulated losses (Note 29)               –            –              –         (3,683)          –           3,683              –              –             –


    As at 31 December 2022                       2            –          39,890       59,174            –       (4,449,847)   (4,350,781)       (18,929)   (4,369,710)


    Loss and total comprehensive
       expense for the year                      –            –              –              –           –      (3,189,212) (3,189,212)         (17,295) (3,206,507)
    Issue of new shares upon the initial
       public offerings (the “IPO”)
       (as detailed in Note 28)                   *    317,132               –              –           –                –     317,132                –     317,132
    Transaction costs attributable to
       issue of new shares                       –      (39,243)             –              –           –                –      (39,243)              –      (39,243)
    Automatic conversion of
       preferred shares upon the IPO
       (as detailed in Note 27)                  9    9,043,936              –              –           –                –    9,043,945               –    9,043,945
    Recognition of equity-settled
       share-based payments (Note 29)            –            –              –      118,278             –                –     118,278                –     118,278
    Purchase of shares for the award
       share scheme (Note 28)                    –            –              –              –      (4,829)               –       (4,829)              –       (4,829)
    Transfer forfeited equity-settled
       share-based payments to
       accumulated losses (Note 29)              –           –               –        (2,825)           –           2,825            –                –            –
    Exercise of share options (Note 29)          *      48,605               –       (24,133)           –               –       24,472                –       24,472


    As at 31 December 2023                      11    9,370,430         39,890      150,494        (4,829) (7,636,234)        1,919,762        (36,224)    1,883,538

*            Amount is less than RMB1,000.

Note:        Capital reserves mainly represented deemed contribution from a shareholder arising from the waive of the amount of approximately
             RMB30,925,000 due from YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”).




                                                                                                                                    YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023          75
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


      OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Loss before tax                                                      (3,210,197)       (1,496,867)

      Adjustment for:
      Financial costs                                                          10,032            10,231
      Bank interest income                                                    (49,139)          (42,657)
      Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                        (15,717)          (19,981)
      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                              –             (1,344)
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            41,449            43,429
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      78,685            76,562
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                        13,936            15,036
      (Reversal of write down) write down for obsolete inventories                (99)             1,576
      Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                       (5,015)                 –
      Changes in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL               3,171,903         1,299,500
      Impairment losses (reversed) recognised under expected credit loss
        model, net                                                            (2,540)             2,300
      Share-based payment expense                                            118,278             38,817
      Losses (gains) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                329                (38)
      Net foreign exchange losses (gains)                                      3,300            (18,715)


      Operating cash flows before movements in working capital               155,205            (92,151)

      Increase in inventories                                                (454,026)         (169,904)
      Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables                       56,080          (127,188)
      Increase in trade and other payables                                    708,069           472,349
      (Decrease) increase in contract liabilities                             (14,126)           15,094


      Cash generated from operations                                         451,202             98,200
      Income taxes paid                                                            –                  –


      NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                     451,202             98,200




76   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                  (17,205)                 (38,848)
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                        4,102                     3,686
Net cash inflow on disposal of subsidiaries                                      –                     1,141
Purchase of intangible assets                                                 (344)                   (4,861)
Placement of time deposits                                                (504,787)               (986,419)
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                617,420               1,291,505
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                   (8,540,568)             (8,964,437)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                      8,391,166               8,765,713
Investment income received from financial assets at FVTPL                   15,717                   19,981
Bank interest income received                                               49,139                   42,657
Repayment from a shareholder                                                     2                         –
Placement of restricted bank deposits                                   (2,136,284)               (558,822)
Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                                   1,328,696                 469,774


NET CASH (USED IN) FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                              (792,946)                 41,070


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of lease liabilities                                             (81,461)                (75,276)
New bank borrowings raised                                                  57,508                    4,448
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                     –                   (4,448)
Interest paid                                                              (10,032)                (10,231)
Proceeds from issue of shares                                              317,132                        –
Purchase of shares for the award share scheme                               (4,829)                       –
Proceeds on issue of preferred shares                                            –                350,161
Share issue cost paid                                                      (33,798)                 (2,727)
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                     10,823                        –


NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                         255,343                261,927


NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                       (86,401)               401,197
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                         835,394                415,482
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     (3,300)                18,715


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR                               745,693                835,394


Represented by
Bank balances and cash                                                     673,874                835,394
Time deposits with original maturity of three months or less                71,819                      –


                                                                           745,693                835,394




                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   77
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     1.      GENERAL

             The Company was incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
             27 August 2018 under the Company laws of the Cayman Islands. Its immediate holding company is MIYT
             Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”). The shares of the Company
             had been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
             28 June 2023 (the “Listing”).

             The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are set out in the
             corporate information section of the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023.

             The Company is an investment holding company. The Group mainly operates online platform that provide
             wholesale and retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and online marketplace service to the
             pharmaceutical and healthcare manufacturers. The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are
             in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

             The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
             currency of the Company.

     2.      APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
             STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

             New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

             In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the
             International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for
             the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
             statements:

             IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and             Insurance Contracts
               December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17)
             Amendments to IAS 8                              Definition of Accounting Estimates
             Amendments to IAS 12                             Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                                 arising from a Single Transaction
             Amendments to IAS 12 Amendments to               International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules
               IAS 1 and IFRS
             Practice Statement 2                             Disclosure of Accounting Policies

             Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had
             no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or
             on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




78   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the Year ended 31 December 2023



2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     (Continued)

     2.1   Impacts and changes in accounting policies on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred
           Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments narrow
           the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs
           15 and 24 of HKAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial
           recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

           In accordance with the transition provision:

           (i)    the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions that
                  occurred on or after 1 January 2022;

           (ii)   the Group also, as at 1 January 2022, recognised a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is
                  probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference
                  can be utilised) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary difference
                  associated with right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.

           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and
           performance, except that the Group recognised the related deferred tax assets of RMB39,760,000
           and deferred tax liabilities of RMB39,760,000 on a gross basis but it has no impact on the accumulated
           losses at the earliest period presented.

     2.2   Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of
           Accounting Policies

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 1 Presentation
           of Financial Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting
           policies” with “material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if,
           when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can
           reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial
           statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

           The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature
           of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However,
           not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself
           material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information
           must not obscure material accounting policy information.

           IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended
           to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures
           and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements.
           Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.



                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   79
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     2.      APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
             STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

             New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
             (Continued)

             2.2     Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of
                     Accounting Policies (Continued)

                     The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
                     performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in Note 3 to the
                     consolidated financial statements.

                     Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

                     The Group has not early applied the following amendments to IFRS Standards that have been issued
                     but are not yet effective:

                     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                     Associate or Joint Venture1
                     Amendments to IFRS 16                         Lease liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
                     Amendments to IAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
                     Amendments to IAS 1                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
                     Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                Supplier Finance Arrangements2
                     Amendments to IAS 21                          Lack of Exchangeability3

                     1
                             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
                     2
                             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
                     3
                             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


                     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the amendments to IFRSs will have
                     no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

             3.1     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by
                     the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is
                     considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary
                     users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by
                     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing
                     Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.




80   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information

           Basis of consolidation

           The consolidated financial statements incorporates the financial statements of the Company and
           entities (including the consolidated affiliated entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries.
           Control is achieved when the Company:

           •      has power over the investee;

           •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
           there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
           when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
           to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the
           non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
           accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
           between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
           which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets
           of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

           Goodwill

           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
           acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
           units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
           combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
           management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

           A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated
           is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
           impaired.



                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   81
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Revenue from contracts with customers

                     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when control of
                     the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customers.

                     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
                     or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

                     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
                     towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                     met:

                     •       the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                             performance as the Group performs;

                     •       the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                             performs; or

                     •       the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                             Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                     good or service.

                     The Group mainly engaged in wholesales of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
                     through its online platform. The Group also engaged in retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare
                     products through its retail shops. In addition, the Group operates online platform that enable the
                     pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own pharmaceutical and healthcare products using
                     the Group’s online platform.

                     The Group evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross amounts of product sales or services
                     provided and related costs, or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Group is a principal,
                     that the Group obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the
                     customers, the revenue should be recognised in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects
                     to be entitled in exchange for the specified goods or services transferred. When the Group is an agent
                     and its obligation is to facilitate third parties in fulfilling their performance obligation for specified
                     goods or services, in which case the Group does not control the specified goods or services provided
                     by third parties before those goods or services are transferred to the customer, the revenue should be
                     recognised in the net amount for the amount of commission which the Group earns in exchange for
                     arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by other parties.

                     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
                     which the Group has received consideration from the customer.




82   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

           Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Trade receivables
           represent amounts invoiced and revenue recognised prior to invoicing when the Group has satisfied
           the Group’s performance obligation and has the unconditional right to payment.

           Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

           For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (i.e. contracts related to the software
           and service), the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative
           stand-alone selling price basis.

           The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation
           is determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
           good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
           Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated
           to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
           entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

           Specifically, revenue is recognised as follows:

           Product Revenue

           The Group mainly engaged in wholesales of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
           through its online platform. The Group also engaged in retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare
           products through its retail shops. The Group recognises product revenue on a gross basis as the Group
           is acting as a principal in these transactions and is responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the
           specified goods. Product revenue is recognised upon customers’ acceptance of product delivery, net
           of discounts and return allowances. Transportation and handling activities that occur before customers
           obtain control are considered as fulfilment activities.

           The Group also sells smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to third-party pharmacies and the revenue
           is recognised upon customers’ acceptance of product delivery and installation.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                     Service Revenue

                     The service revenue primarily consists of i) commission fees charged to pharmaceutical distributors
                     and vendors participating on the online marketplace through the Group’s online platform; ii) service
                     revenue received from third-party pharmacies for the access right granted to them for use of the
                     Group’s software; iii) service revenue received from provision of medical testing services to primary
                     healthcare institutions; and iv) service revenue from third-party pharmacies for provision of maintenance
                     and technical support services in relation to the smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth.

                     As for the commission charged related to the online platform, the Group generally is acting as an
                     agent and its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or services
                     by those pharmaceutical distributors and vendors. Upon successful sales, the Group charges the
                     pharmaceutical distributors and vendors commission fee revenue based on a certain percentage
                     of sales, net of discounts and return allowances. Commission fee revenue is recognised upon end
                     customers’ acceptance of product delivery on a net basis.

                     As for the service revenue charged related to the one-time usage fee and service fee for the inventory
                     management related SaaS solution provided to the downstream pharmacies, the Group is acting
                     as a principal and its performance obligation is to provide the access right to pharmacies to use the
                     Group’s software. Since the pharmacies simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided
                     by the Group’s performance as the Group performs, revenue from the software services therefore are
                     recognised over time on the straight-line base during the service period which less than one year.

                     As for the service revenue charged related to the medical testing services, the Group is acting as a
                     principal and its performance obligation is to perform the testing and generate testing results to the
                     primary healthcare institutions. The Group recognises revenue at a point in time when the Group
                     delivers the testing results to the primary healthcare institutions.

                     As for the service revenue charged related to the provision of maintenance and technical support
                     services in relation to the smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth, the Group is acting as a principal and
                     its performance obligation is to provide technical support service. Since the pharmacies simultaneously
                     receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs,
                     revenue are recognised over time on the straight-line base during the service period.

                     Cost of sales

                     Cost of sales consists primarily of purchase price of products, transaction processing fees and write-
                     downs of inventories.




84   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Cost of sales (Continued)

           The Group periodically receives considerations from certain vendors, representing rebates for products
           purchased. The rebates are not sufficiently separable from the Group’s purchase of the vendors’
           products and they do not represent a reimbursement of costs incurred by the Group to sell vendors’
           products. The Group accounts for the rebates received from its vendors as a reduction to the prices
           it pays for the products purchased and therefore the Group records such amounts as a reduction of
           carrying value of the inventories for inventories still held by the Group at the end of the reporting
           period or as a reduction of cost of sales for inventories sold before the end of each reporting period.

           Leases

           Definition of a lease

           A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
           for a period in exchange for consideration.

           The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16
           Leases at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be
           reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

           The Group as a lessee

           Short-term leases

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12
           months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments
           on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

           •        the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

           •        any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                    received.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
           and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Leases (Continued)

                     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                     Right-of-use assets (Continued)

                     Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life
                     and the lease term.

                     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                     financial position.

                     Lease liabilities

                     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
                     present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
                     payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
                     interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

                     The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
                     incentives receivable.

                     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

                     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                     position.

                     Foreign currencies

                     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
                     than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
                     prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
                     denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
                     items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

                     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
                     items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

                     Government grants

                     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
                     with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.




86   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Government grants (Continued)

           Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
           already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
           related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such
           grants are presented under “other income”.

           Retirement benefits costs

           Payments to state-managed retirement benefit schemes are recognised as an expense when
           employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

           Short-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected
           to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
           recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
           cost of an asset.

           A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
           and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

           Share-based payments

           Equity-settled share-based payments transactions

           Shares/share options granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
           at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

           The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking
           into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed using graded vesting method over
           the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest,
           with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of the reporting
           period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
           assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
           estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
           estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to share-based payments reserve. For shares/share options
           that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the share options granted is expensed
           immediately to profit or loss.




                                                                                          YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Share-based payments (Continued)

                     Equity-settled share-based payments transactions (Continued)

                     Shares/share options granted to employees (Continued)

                     When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
                     will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or
                     are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
                     reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

                     Taxation

                     Income tax expense represents the sum of the current and deferred income tax expense.

                     The current tax is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from loss before tax
                     because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never
                     taxable or deductible. The Group’s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
                     substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

                     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
                     liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
                     computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
                     differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences
                     to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible
                     temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the
                     temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets
                     and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at
                     the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
                     In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
                     recognition of goodwill.

                     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
                     subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it
                     is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
                     arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised
                     to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the
                     benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.




88   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Taxation (Continued)

           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced
           to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
           part of the asset to be recovered.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
           in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been
           enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
           from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
           the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
           the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
           deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
           applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The
           Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that
           taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a
           deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
           tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
           entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.

           Property, plant and equipment

           Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
           goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress). Property, plant
           and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent
           accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                     Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress)
                     less their residual values over their estimated useful lives (as below), using the straight-line method.
                     The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the
                     reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

                                                                                    Useful lives

                     Leasehold improvement                                          Over the term of the lease
                     Plant and machinery                                            5 to 10 years
                     Motor vehicles                                                 5 years
                     Office equipment                                               3 to 5 years

                     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
                     benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
                     disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
                     between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

                     Intangible assets

                     Intangible assets acquired separately

                     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
                     accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
                     with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives (as below).

                     The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period,
                     with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

                                                                                    Useful lives

                     Licences and franchise                                         10 years
                     Business relationship                                          10 years
                     Office software                                                3 to 10 years

                     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure

                     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.




90   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other
           than goodwill

           At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
           and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether
           there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists,
           the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
           impairment loss (if any).

           The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
           are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
           Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
           generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
           they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
           allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating
           unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
           carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
           in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

           Inventories

           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
           determined on specific identification method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
           price for inventories less costs necessary to make the sales. Costs necessary to make the sale include
           incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
           incur to make the sale.

           Financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
           contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
           recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
           sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation
           or convention in the market place.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Financial instruments (Continued)

                     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
                     arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue
                     from Contracts with Customers. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue
                     of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are
                     added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate,
                     on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or
                     financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
                     financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
                     effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
                     (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
                     transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
                     or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
                     recognition.

                     Financial assets

                     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

                     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

                     •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                             flows; and

                     •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                             principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value.

                     (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                             Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                             subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                             rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
                             subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently
                             become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
                             to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on
                             the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-
                             impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                             carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of each reporting period following the
                             determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.



92   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

           (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                  Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or fair value
                  through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) or designated as FVTOCI are measured at
                  FVTPL.

                  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, with any
                  fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss and is included in “other gains and losses”
                  line item.

                  The dividend or interest earned on the financial assets at FVTPL and is included in “other
                  income” line item.

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
           assets (including trade and other receivables, amount due from a shareholder, time deposits, restricted
           bank deposits and bank balances), which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
           updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
           of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime
           ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting
           date. Assessment is done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors
           that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
           conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

           The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

           For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
           there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
           recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
           significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Financial instruments (Continued)

                     Financial assets (Continued)

                     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                     (Continued)

                     (i)     Significant increase in credit risk

                             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                             compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as of the reporting date with
                             the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as of the date of initial recognition. In
                             making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that
                             is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information
                             that is available without undue cost or effort.

                             In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                             has increased significantly:

                             •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                                    available) or internal credit rating;

                             •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                                    increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                             •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                                    are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                                    obligations;

                             •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                             •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                                    technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                                    debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                             Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
                             has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
                             days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
                             otherwise.

                             The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                             has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
                             criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
                             past due.



94   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
           (Continued)

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                   is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                   collaterals held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
                   is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                   demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                   the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                   asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)    the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                          borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                          lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation.

           (iv)    Write-off policy

                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
                   in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                   counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings,
                   or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever
                   occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under
                   the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-
                   off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or
                   loss.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Financial instruments (Continued)

                     Financial assets (Continued)

                     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                     (Continued)

                     (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL

                             The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                             magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                             probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-
                             looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount
                             that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

                             Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
                             Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                             discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                             Lifetime ECL for trade and note receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                             consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                             macroeconomic information.

                             For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                             formulating the grouping:

                             •      Past-due status;

                             •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                             •      External credit ratings where available.

                             The grouping is regularly reviewed by the directors of the Company to ensure the constituents
                             of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                             Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
                             the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
                             amortised cost of the financial asset.

                             The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments
                             by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and note receivables where the
                             corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.




96   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in
           that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. For financial
           assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences
           are recognised in profit or loss in the “Other gains and losses” line item as part of the gain/(loss) from
           changes in fair value of financial assets (Note 7).

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
           the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership of the asset to another entity.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
           carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
           loss.

           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
           the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
           instrument.

           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by a group entity are recognised at the
           proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

           Financial liabilities

           All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
           or at FVTPL.

           Financial liabilities at FVTPL

           Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is designated as at FVTPL.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Financial instruments (Continued)

                     Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

                     Classification as debt or equity (Continued)

                     Financial liabilities at FVTPL (Continued)

                     A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
                     acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

                     •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
                             that would otherwise arise; or

                     •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is
                             managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s
                             documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is
                             provided internally on that basis; or

                     •       it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits
                             the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

                     The convertible preferred shares contain redemption features and/or other embedded derivatives, are
                     designated as financial liabilities at FVTPL.

                     For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
                     financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
                     comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk
                     in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.
                     For financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, such as convertible preferred shares, the
                     changes in fair value of the embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be
                     presented in other comprehensive income. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s
                     credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to
                     profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to accumulated losses upon derecognition of the financial
                     liability. Fair value is determined in the manner described in Note 32.

                     Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                     Financial liabilities including trade and other payables and bank borrowings are subsequently
                     measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




98   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the Year ended 31 December 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

            Foreign exchange gains and losses

            The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign
            currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that
            are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses
            and is recognised in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging
            relationship.

            Derecognition of financial liabilities

            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
            discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
            liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY

     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the management of the Group are required to make
     judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
     readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
     experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
     or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     Critical judgement in applying accounting policies

     The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the directors
     of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most
     significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      4.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
              UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

              Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)

              Consolidation of affiliated entities

              The Group obtained control over PRC domestic companies, Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology
              Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudao”) and Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou
              Yaobang”), by entering into a series of the contractual arrangements with the PRC domestic companies and
              their respective nominee shareholders (collectively, the “Contractual Arrangements”). Nevertheless, the
              Contractual Arrangements and other measures may not be as effective as direct legal ownership in providing
              the Group with direct control over the PRC domestic companies and uncertainties presented by the PRC legal
              system could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights of the results, assets and liabilities of the PRC domestic
              companies. The directors of the Company, based on the advice of its legal counsel, consider that the
              Contractual Arrangements among PRC domestic companies and their respective Nominee Shareholders are
              in compliance with the relevant PRC Laws and are legally enforceable.

              Key sources of estimation uncertainty

              The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
              at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
              carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

              Allowance for inventories

              The Group records inventories at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Allowance for inventories is
              provided for those identified obsolete or slow-moving inventories; and inventories with a carrying amount
              higher than net realisable value. Regular operational procedures have been in place to monitor the allowance
              for inventories due to the significant balance involved and nature of the inventories is subject to expiry date.

              The management identified the obsolete or damaged inventories based on expiry date or physical condition
              of the inventories. The specific factors considered by management in the estimation of the allowance for
              obsolete or damaged inventories include the latest sales information, expected market demand and saleability
              of inventories. Although the Group carries out regular reviews on the net realisable value of inventories, the
              actual realisable value of inventories is not known until the sales are concluded.

              As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amounts of inventories of the Group were approximately
              RMB1,470,293,000 (2022: RMB1,016,168,000), net of allowance for inventories of approximately RMB14,184,000
              (2022: RMB14,283,000).




100   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the Year ended 31 December 2023



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets

     Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated
     depreciation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired or the event previously
     causing the impairment no longer exists, the management of the Group has to exercise judgement and
     make assumptions, particularly when assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may
     affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount,
     in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the
     continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the value in use
     included in the cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the
     recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable
     amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong, including allocation of corporate assets
     when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable amount is
     determined at the smallest group of cash generating units, for which the relevant corporate assets have been
     allocated. Changing the underlying assumptions and key inputs, including but not limited to the forecasted
     revenue, gross profit margins and discount rates, in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the
     estimated recoverable amounts.

     Determining whether property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are impaired
     requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating
     units) to which property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets have been allocated,
     which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
     the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a group of
     cash-generating units) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual
     future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward
     revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further
     impairment loss may arise. Furthermore, the cash flows projections and discount rate are subject to greater
     uncertainties due to uncertainty on how the volatility or disruptions in energy, financial, foreign currency or
     commodity markets may progress and evolve.

     For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no impairment loss was recognised for property, plant
     and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. As at 31 December 2023, the aggregate carrying
     amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are approximately
     RMB295,027,000 (2022: RMB362,913,000). Details of the recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in Note
     14.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      5.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

              The Group engaged in i) wholesales of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online through its
              online platform; ii) retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products through its retail shops; iii) operating
              online platform that enable the pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own pharmaceutical and
              healthcare products using the Group’s online platform; iv) providing SaaS solution to downstream pharmacies
              to streamline their inventory management; v) providing medical testing services to primary healthcare
              institutions; vi) selling smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to third-party pharmacies; and vii) providing
              maintenance and technical support services in relation to the smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to third-
              party pharmacies.

              (a)     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


                            Type of goods or services:
                            Self-operation business (Note (i))                                              16,036,245                 13,519,017
                            Online marketplace services (Note (ii))                                            873,119                    694,204
                            Others (Note (iii))                                                                 62,912                     61,589


                            Total                                                                           16,972,276                 14,274,810


                            Timing of revenue recognition:
                            At a point in time                                                              16,960,080                 14,268,376
                            Over-time                                                                           12,196                      6,434


                            Total                                                                           16,972,276                 14,274,810

                      Notes:

                      i)            The Group sells pharmaceutical and healthcare products mainly to pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions.

                      ii)           The marketplace services revenue represents the commission received by the Group from distributors and vendors
                                    using the Group’s online platform, which is recognised upon end customers’ acceptance and is charged based on
                                    a certain percentage of sales, net of discounts and return allowances made by the distributors and vendors through
                                    the Group’s online platform.

                      iii)          Others includes

                                    1)      The Group collects one-time usage fee and service fee for the inventory management related to the SaaS
                                            solution provided to the downstream pharmacies, which helps pharmacies to streamline their inventory
                                            management.

                                    2)      The Group provides diagnostic testing services and generates testing results to primary healthcare
                                            institutions.

                                    3)      The Group sells smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to third-party pharmacies and also provides
                                            maintenance and technical support services in relation to the smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to
                                            them.




102   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     (b)     Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
             with customers

             All contracts with customers are for period of one year or less. As permitted by IFRS 15, the transaction
             price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     (c)     Segment information

             Information is reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating
             decision maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.
             The accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. No other analysis of the
             Group’s results nor assets and liabilities is regularly provided to the CODM for review and the CODM
             reviews the overall results and financial position of the Group as a whole. Accordingly, the CODM has
             identified one operating segment and only entity-wide disclosures are presented in accordance with
             IFRS 8 Operating Segments.

     (d)     Geographic information

             The Group principally operates in the PRC, which is also the place of domicile. The Group’s revenue is
             all derived from operations in the PRC for both years and the Group’s non-current assets are all located
             in the PRC.

     (e)     Information about major customers

             There was no revenue derived from transactions with a single external customer which amounted to
             10% or more of the Group’s revenue for both years.

6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


      Government grants (Note)                                                                  21,090                   23,171
      Bank interest income                                                                      49,139                   42,657
      Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                                          15,717                   19,981
      Others                                                                                     1,784                    3,111


                                                                                                87,730                   88,920

     Note:   It represented cash received from unconditional grants by the local government to encourage the business operations in
             the PRC. Government grants are recognised in profit and loss when received.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023    103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      7.      OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


               (Losses) gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  (329)                     38
               Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note)                                                         –                   1,344
               Donations                                                                                    (485)                   (132)
               Net foreign exchange (losses) gains                                                        (3,300)                 18,715
               Gains from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                               5,015                       –


                                                                                                             901                  19,965

              Note:   The gain on disposal of subsidiaries represents the disposal of Guangzhou Yaoshibang Network Technology Co., Ltd.,
                      Beijing Yaoshibang Network Technology Co., Ltd., Dongguan Dalingshan Jianhui Comprehensive Clinic Co., Ltd., Tianjin
                      Yaoshibang Comprehensive Clinic Co., Ltd. and Shandong Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. to an independent third
                      party with a total gain of RMB1,344,000 on 8 April 2022, 6 April 2022, 28 March 2022, 1 April 2022 and 9 October 2022,
                      respectively.


      8.      FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


               Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                       8,536                    9,710
               Interest expense on discounted note receivables                                             1,496                      521


                                                                                                         10,032                   10,231


      9a.     INCOME TAX CREDIT (EXPENSE)

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


               PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”):
               Current tax                                                                                     –                        –
               Deferred tax (Note 9b)                                                                      3,690                   (3,171)


                                                                                                           3,690                   (3,171)


              The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under
              the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and is exempted from the Cayman Islands income tax.

              No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the Group
              had no assessable profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax for both years.



104   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the Year ended 31 December 2023



9a.   INCOME TAX CREDIT (EXPENSE) (CONTINUED)

      Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the PRC
      EIT rate of subsidiaries of the Group operating in the PRC was 25% for both years. Certain PRC subsidiaries
      of the Group are subject to “small and thin-profit enterprises” will benefit from a preferential tax rate of
      20% under the EIT Law. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the qualifying group entities enjoyed 87.5%
      reduction on annual taxable income on first RMB1,000,000 and 75% reduction between the annual taxable
      income of RMB1,000,000 to RMB3,000,000, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the qualifying
      group entities enjoyed 75% reduction on annual taxable income on first RMB3,000,000. As a result, such PRC
      subsidiaries were eligible for a preferential enterprise income tax rate for their respective tax holiday.

      Certified high and new technology enterprises (“HNTE”) are entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15%.
      Guangzhou Sudaoyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudaoyi”) has been qualified as an HNTE
      and enjoyed a preferential income tax rate of 15% since 2021, which is subjected to review and renewal every
      three years. The HNTE Certificate of Guangzhou Sudaoyi remains valid for 3 years from 2021 to 2023 and
      will be expired in 2024. In addition, Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Sudaoyi, Guangzhou Yuewei Medical
      Laboratory Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Xiaoweicang Intelligent Pharmacy Technology Co., Ltd., Guangzhou
      Spectrum Health Technology Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Yaobang enjoyed super deduction of 175% and 200%
      of qualifying research and development expenses as tax deductible expenses for the period from 1 January
      2020 to 30 September 2022 and for the period from 1 October 2022 to 31 December 2023, respectively,
      pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC.

      The income tax credit (expense) for the year can be reconciled to the loss before tax per the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                        2023                      2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000                   RMB’000


        Loss before tax                                                                             3,210,197                 1,496,867


        Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                                    802,549                   374,217
        Tax effect of super deduction for research and
          development expenses (Note a)                                                                 17,520                    16,721
        Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose (Note b)                                (840,784)                 (353,160)
        Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                        (52,946)                 (122,466)
        Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                             77,351                    81,534
        Others                                                                                               –                       (17)


                                                                                                          3,690                   (3,171)

      Notes:

      (a)      The eligible expenditures represent research and development costs incurred in the PRC and charged to profit or loss,
               which is subject to an additional 75% and 100% tax deduction in the calculation of income tax expense for both years.

      (b)      The non-deductible expenses mainly represent changes in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL.




                                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      9a.     INCOME TAX CREDIT (EXPENSE) (CONTINUED)

              As at 31 December 2023, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB1,399,756,000 (2022:
              RMB1,510,546,000), available for offset against future profits. Due to the unpredictability of future profit
              streams, no deferred tax asset had been recognised for these unused tax losses. Included in the unrecognised
              tax losses are losses of approximately RMB1,399,756,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB1,510,546,000)
              with expiry dates as disclosed in the following table. With effect from 1 January 2018, unused tax losses
              occurred five years prior to the year in which the entity becomes qualified as an HNTE shall be allowed to
              be carried forward to subsequent years, and the maximum carry-forward period of such tax losses shall be
              extended from 5 years to 10 years.

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


               2023                                                                                   –                  16,537
               2024                                                                             164,153                 188,318
               2025                                                                             203,304                 175,671
               2026                                                                             328,581                 330,319
               2027                                                                             377,913                 488,568
               2028                                                                             211,785                       –
               2029                                                                                   –                 136,361
               2030                                                                                   –                  85,535
               2031                                                                               3,371                  89,237
               2032                                                                             110,649                       –


                                                                                              1,399,756               1,510,546


      9b.     DEFERRED TAXATION

              For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
              and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
              purposes:

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


               Deferred tax assets                                                                 4,524                   1,584
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                           (2,598)                 (3,348)


                                                                                                   1,926                  (1,764)




106   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the Year ended 31 December 2023



9b.   DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      The following are the major deferred tax liabilities and assets recognised and movements thereon during the
      current and prior years:

                                             Fair value
                                            adjustment
                                            in business         ECL     Inventory     Right-of-use           Lease
                                           combination     provision     provision          assets       liabilities        Total
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


       At 1 January 2022                         (4,593)       5,209          791          (39,760)         39,760           1,407
       Credit (charge) to profit or loss            609       (4,174)         394            (1,677)         1,677          (3,171)


       At 31 December 2022                       (3,984)       1,035        1,185          (41,437)         41,437          (1,764)
       Credit (charge) to profit or loss            609         (417)       1,563            5,334          (3,399)          3,690


       At 31 December 2023                      (3,375)         618         2,748         (36,103)         38,038           1,926


10.   LOSS FOR THE YEAR

      Loss for the year has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


       Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                     15,054,203                     12,677,901
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        41,449                         43,429
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  78,685                         76,562
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                    13,936                         15,036
       (Reversal of write down) write down for obsolete inventories                            (99)                         1,576
       Auditors’ remunerations                                                               3,900                            101
       Listing expenses                                                                     46,868                         36,865

       Staff costs:
       Directors’ emoluments (Note 11)                                                        23,647                      28,639
       Other staff costs
         – Salaries and other allowances                                                    891,617                      897,841
         – Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                       49,233                       45,500
         – Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                       99,818                       16,620


       Total staff costs                                                                  1,064,315                      988,600




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023    107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      11.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

              Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments

              Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
              and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                         Retirement           Equity-
                                                                  Salaries Performance      benefits          settled
                                                                      and       related      scheme      share-based
               Name                                   Fee     allowances         bonus contributions       payments        Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


               Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Note i)                 –           819            500            55              –      1,374
               Mr. Fei Chen (Note iv)                    –         2,404          1,000             –         18,460     21,864
               Mr. Frank Lin (Note iii)                  –             –              –             –              –          –
               Mr. Ziyang Zhu (Note vi)                  –             –              –             –              –          –
               Ms. Rong Shao (Note v)                    –           153              –             –              –        153
               Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (Note v)               –           103              –             –              –        103
               Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (Note v)               –           153              –             –              –        153


                                                         –         3,632          1,500            55         18,460     23,647


                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                           Retirement         Equity-
                                                                  Salaries   Performance      benefits        settled
                                                                      and         related      scheme    share-based
               Name                                    Fee    allowances           bonus contributions     payments       Total
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


               Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Note i)                 –            630          1,006            34             –       1,670
               Ms. Xiaoye Xu (Note ii)                   –            968          1,000            23         4,684       6,675
               Mr. Fei Chen (Note iv)                    –          1,604            900             –        15,299      17,803
               Ms. Xiaohong Chen (Note ii)               –              –              –             –             –           –
               Ms. Yanhua Hu (Note ii)                   –            275              –             2         2,214       2,491
               Mr. Frank Lin (Note iii)                  –              –              –             –             –           –
               Mr. Lei Fu (Note ii)                      –              –              –             –             –           –
               Mr. Fei Luo (Note ii)                     –              –              –             –             –           –
               Mr. Jiangwei Wang (Note ii)               –              –              –             –             –           –
               Mr. Pengfei Wang (Note ii)                –              –              –             –             –           –
               Mr. Ziyang Zhu (Note vi)                  –              –              –             –             –           –


                                                         –          3,477          2,906            59        22,197      28,639




108   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the Year ended 31 December 2023



11.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)

      Notes:

      (i)      Mr. Buzhen Zhang acts as chief executive of the Company for both years and his emoluments disclosed above included
               those for services rendered by him as the chief executive in management of the affairs of the group entities. Mr. Buzhen
               Zhang has been redesignated as executive director of the Company on 15 April 2022.

      (ii)     Ms. Xiaoye Xu, Ms. Xiaohong Chen, Mr. Lei Fu, Mr. Fei Luo, Mr. Jiangwei Wang, Mr. Pengfei Wang and Ms. Yanhua Hu have
               been resigned from the director of the Company on 15 April 2022.

      (iii)    Mr. Frank Lin has been redesignated as non-executive director of the Company on 15 April 2022 and has been resigned
               from the director of the Company on 14 November 2023.

      (iv)     Mr. Fei Chen was appointed as the executive director of the Company on 15 April 2022 and was appointed as joint company
               secretary of the Company on 15 June 2022.

      (v)      Ms. Rong Shao, Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun, and Mr. Hongqiang Zhao were appointed as the independent non-executive directors
               of the Company on 15 April 2022, with their appointments becoming effective upon the Listing of the Company.

      (vi)     Mr. Ziyang Zhu was appointed as the director of the Company on 1 February 2021 and has been redesigned as
               non-executive director of the Company on 15 April 2022.


      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were
      for their services as directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The independent non-executive directors’
      emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company.

      The performance related bonus is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the relevant
      individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.

      There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
      remuneration during both years.




                                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023    109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      11.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              Employees’ emoluments

              The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included one (2022: three) director, details of
              whose remuneration are set out above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2022:
              two) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


               Salaries and allowances                                                       3,835                 2,201
               Performance related bonus                                                     3,697                 1,600
               Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                      51                    42
               Equity-settled share-based payment expense                                   11,766                 2,255


                                                                                            19,349                 6,098


              The performance related bonus is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the relevant
              individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.

              The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration
              fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                        Number of employees
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2023             2022


               HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                       1                    –
               HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                       –                    1
               HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                       –                    1
               HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                       2                    –
               HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                                      1                    –


                                                                                                  4                    2


              No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals
              of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office during
              both years.

      12.     DIVIDENDS

              No dividends were paid, declared or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during 2023, nor has
              any dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period (2022: nil).




110   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the Year ended 31 December 2023



13.   LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


       Loss for the year attributable to the owners of
         the Company for the purpose of calculating basic and
         diluted loss per share                                                  (3,189,212)             (1,488,688)


                                                                                      No. of shares
                                                                                      2023                     2022


       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
        the purpose of calculating basic and diluted loss per share            386,102,900             125,316,184


      The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating basic and diluted loss per
      share has been determined on the assumption that the Share Subdivision (as defined and detailed in Note 28)
      had been effected since 1 January 2022.

      The computation of diluted loss per share for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 does not assume
      the vest of award shares, exercise of share options or the conversion of preferred shares since their assumed
      exercise or conversion would result in a decrease in loss per share.

      The computation of diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2023 does not assume the exercise
      of the over-allotment option since their assumed exercise would result in a decrease in loss per share. There
      was no over-allotment option for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      14.     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET

                                                           Leasehold     Plant and       Motor          Office Construction
                                                        Improvement      machinery      vehicles    equipment in progress         Total
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


               COST
               At 1 January 2022                             122,896        30,833         2,050        28,810             –     184,589
               Additions                                      12,925        14,941         2,776         5,592         2,614      38,848
               Transfer                                         1,266              –           –             –        (1,266)          –
               Disposals                                       (4,286)       (1,675)        (657)       (3,813)            –     (10,431)
               Disposed on disposal of subsidiaries              (715)            (3)          –             –             –        (718)


               At 31 December 2022                           132,086        44,096         4,169        30,589        1,348      212,288


               Additions                                       3,895         1,436        3,026         3,654         5,194       17,205
               Transfer                                        5,233           978            –             –        (6,211)           –
               Disposals                                      (1,575)       (5,549)      (2,735)       (2,078)            –      (11,937)


               At 31 December 2023                          139,639        40,961         4,460        32,165           331     217,556


               ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
               At 1 January 2022                             (52,823)        (9,479)        (943)      (14,219)            –      (77,464)
               Provided for the year                         (25,515)        (9,314)      (1,186)        (7,414)           –      (43,429)
               Eliminated on disposals                         2,692          1,101          621          2,369            –        6,783
               Eliminated on disposal of subsidiaries             83              –            –              –            –           83


               At 31 December 2022                           (75,563)       (17,692)      (1,508)      (19,264)            –     (114,027)


               Provided for the year                         (25,900)       (8,524)      (1,001)       (6,024)             –     (41,449)
               Eliminated on disposals                         1,468         3,698          446         1,894              –       7,506


               At 31 December 2023                           (99,995)      (22,518)      (2,063)      (23,394)             –    (147,970)


               CARRYING VALUES
               At 31 December 2023                           39,644        18,443         2,397         8,771           331      69,586


               At 31 December 2022                            56,523        26,404         2,661        11,325        1,348       98,261




112   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the Year ended 31 December 2023



14.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED)

      Impairment assessment

      Giving the continuous losses incurred in the Group’s operation during the year, the management concluded
      there was indication for impairment and conducted impairment assessment on its property, plant and
      equipment, right-of-use assets and intangibles assets. As at 31 December 2023, management identified
      property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangibles assets of certain subsidiaries with
      impairment indicators at net book value amounted to approximately RMB80,898,000 (2022: RMB7,287,000).

      The Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong to when
      it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually. Each subsidiary is determined as a cash-
      generating unit. In addition to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets,
      goodwill as set out in Note 17 have been allocated to two individual cash-generating units, comprising two
      subsidiaries, Guangdong Dihao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Dihao”) and Guangdong Dongjian
      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Dongjian”).

      The recoverable amount of cash-generating unit has been determined based on a value in use calculation.
      That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by the management of the
      Group covering the following 5 years with pre-tax discount rates of 17% as at 31 December 2023 (2022: 16%).
      The pre-tax discount rate was derived from capital asset pricing model by considering different market data
      and company specific risk. The cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using 2% growth rate
      (2022: 3%). Management believes that the growth rate does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for
      the relevant industry. Another key assumption for the value in use calculated is the budgeted gross margin,
      which is determined based on the cash-generating units’ past performance and management expectations
      for the market development. The growth rates and discount rate as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 have been
      reassessed taking into consideration a higher degree of estimation uncertainties in due to uncertainty on how
      the volatility or disruptions in energy, financial, foreign currency or commodity markets may progress and
      evolve.

      Based on the result of the assessment, management of the Group determined that the recoverable amounts
      of all cash-generating units are higher than the corresponding carrying amounts as at 31 December 2023 and
      2022. Therefore, no impairment loss was recognised for both years.

      The Group performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing 1% of long-
      term growth rate, which are the key assumptions determine the recoverable amount of the cash-generating
      unit, with all other variables held constant. Based on the sensitivity test performed, no material impairment
      issue was noted for both years. The headroom of each cash-generating unit that was subject to impairment
      assessment at the end of the reporting period is not less than 13% (2022: 16%).

      Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of a cash-generating unit to exceed the recoverable amount of that cash-generating unit as
      at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      15.     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


               Carrying amounts:
               Leased properties                                                            140,130               165,749


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Depreciation recognised in profit or loss:
               Leased properties                                                             78,685                 76,562


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Expense relating to short-term leases                                          4,300                  5,418
               Total cash outflow for leases                                                 94,297                 90,404
               Additions to right-of-use assets                                              53,066                 74,095


              For both years, the Group leases various warehouses, offices and offline pharmacies for its operation. Lease
              contracts are entered into for fixed terms of 2 to 6 years with fixed payments. The Group does not have the
              option to purchase leased properties for a nominal amount at the end of the relevant lease terms or any
              extension/termination options that are solely at the Group’s discretion. The Group determines the lease
              period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.

              In addition, the Group also entered into short-term leases for warehouses and office workplace. As at 31
              December 2023 and 2022, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to
              which the short-term lease expense disclosed above.

              Lease liabilities of RMB152,153,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB140,130,000 as at 31
              December 2023 (2022: lease liabilities of RMB180,548,000 and related right-of-use assets of RMB165,749,000).
              The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that
              are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purpose.




114   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the Year ended 31 December 2023



16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                           Licences and              Business                 Office
                                                               franchise         relationship              software                Total
                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                (Note (i))           (Note (ii))           (Note (iii))


            COST
            At 1 January 2022                                     117,319                 9,340                 8,412              135,071
            Additions                                                    –                    –                 4,861                 4,861
            Disposed on disposal of a subsidiary                    (5,300)                   –                     –                (5,300)


            At 31 December 2022                                   112,019                 9,340               13,273               134,632


            Additions                                                     –                    –                  344                  344


            At 31 December 2023                                  112,019                 9,340               13,617              134,976


            AMORTISATION
            At 1 January 2022                                      (15,608)               (3,683)              (3,213)             (22,504)
            Charge for the year                                    (11,208)               (1,300)              (2,528)             (15,036)
            Eliminated on disposal of a subsidiary                   1,811                     –                    –                1,811


            At 31 December 2022                                    (25,005)               (4,983)              (5,741)             (35,729)


            Charge for the year                                  (10,833)                (1,300)              (1,803)             (13,936)


            At 31 December 2023                                  (35,838)                (6,283)              (7,544)             (49,665)


            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2023                                   76,181                 3,057                 6,073               85,311


            At 31 December 2022                                    87,014                 4,357                 7,532               98,903

      Notes:

      i          The licences and franchise acquired by the Group are for pharmaceutical distribution, health inspection and medical testing
                 business. The directors of the Company determined the useful life of 10 years of the licenses and franchise with reference to
                 the comparable transactions in the open market.

      ii         The business relationship was acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary, Guangdong Dongjian. With reference to
                 experience in the industry, historical customer retention rate and the useful life of business relationships used by industry
                 peers, the directors of the Company determined 10 years to be the useful life of the business relationship.

      iii        The directors of the Company determined the useful life of office software with reference to the term of outstanding
                 contract.




                                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023     115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      17.     GOODWILL

                                                                 Acquisition of        Acquisition of
                                                                   Guangdong             Guangdong
                                                                         Dihao             Dongjian                 Total
                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000


               COST
               At 1 January 2022 and
                 31 December 2022 and 2023                                 3,924                5,328                 9,252


               CARRYING VALUES
               At 1 January 2022 and
                 31 December 2022 and 2023                                 3,924                5,328                 9,252


              For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill have been allocated to two individual cash-generating units,
              comprising two subsidiaries, Guangdong Dihao and Guangdong Dongjian. The carrying amounts of goodwill
              allocated to these two subsidiaries as follows:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Guangdong Dihao                                                                  3,924                 3,924
               Guangdong Dongjian                                                               5,328                 5,328


                                                                                                9,252                 9,252


              In addition to goodwill above, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
              (including allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also
              included in the respective cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment assessment. Details of the
              recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in Note 14.

      18.     INVENTORIES

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Pharmaceutical and healthcare products                                      1,484,477              1,030,451
               Less: impairment provision                                                    (14,184)                (14,283)


                                                                                           1,470,293              1,016,168




116   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the Year ended 31 December 2023



19.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


       Trade receivables                                                                        32,821                  139,215
       Less: allowance for credit losses                                                        (1,059)                   (4,657)


                                                                                                31,762                  134,558
       Note receivables                                                                          7,306                   29,163


       Total trade and note receivables                                                         39,068                  163,721


       Advance to suppliers                                                                    135,544                  112,651
       Other tax recoverable                                                                     5,688                    4,145
       Prepaid expense                                                                          10,798                   12,233
       Deferred issue costs                                                                          –                    5,854
       Receivables in custodian (Note)                                                         176,196                  119,945
       Other receivables                                                                        76,772                   84,911
       Receivables from exercise of share options                                               13,649                        –


       Total trade and other receivables                                                       457,715                  503,460

      Note:   The amounts represented the payments received from online customers of Self-operation business which would deposit in
              escrow account and subsequently withdraw by the Group upon the customers’ acceptance of product delivery.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023    117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      19.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

              Trade receivables

              As at 1 January 2022, trade and note receivables from contracts with customers amounted to approximately
              RMB122,159,000.

              The Group requires full payment in advance for its online product sales, certain offline product sales and retail
              sales. For other customers, the Group primarily allows a credit period from 15 to 30 days. Trade receivables
              are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. Aging analysis of trade receivables, net of
              allowance for credit losses, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


               Within 3 months                                                                  28,005               127,854
               3 to 6 months                                                                       778                 3,057
               6 to 12 months                                                                      195                 1,182
               Over 12 months                                                                    3,843                 7,122


                                                                                                32,821               139,215
               Less: allowance for credit losses                                                (1,059)                (4,657)


                                                                                                31,762               134,558


              Note receivables are trade receivables supported by bank acceptance notes and the average ageing is
              within 2 to 6 months based on the received date and have a maturity period of less than one year, which
              management believes that no impairment allowance is necessary as there is no significant change in
              credit quality and the balances are considered fully recoverable. As at 31 December 2023, the amounts of
              RMB5,993,000 (2022: RMB28,209,000) note receivables were endorsed to settle trade payables, which were not
              derecognised until the maturity date of the endorsed notes.

              As at 31 December 2023, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with an aggregate
              carrying amount of RMB5,930,000 (2022: RMB19,519,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of
              the past due balances approximately RMB4,340,000 (2022: RMB8,646,000) have been past due over 90 days
              or more and are not considered as in default as there has not been a significant change in credit quality and
              amounts are still considered as recoverable based on historical experience. The Group does not hold any
              collateral over these balances.

              Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 32.




118   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the Year ended 31 December 2023



20.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL represented wealth management products
      placed in banks in the PRC of approximately RMB598,042,000 (31 December 2022: RMB711,076,000), and notes
      and investment funds of approximately RMB267,451,000 (31 December 2022: nil). The return of these financial
      assets were determined by reference to the return of their underlying investments. The wealth management
      products and the notes can be redeemed any time at the Group’s discretion and the investment funds can be
      redeemed any time at the Group’s discretion or upon a fixed period of six months at the Group’s request by
      giving a 60 business days notice.

      Since the contractual cash flows of these financial assets do not represent solely the payments of principal and
      interest on the principal amount outstanding, the financial assets are measured at FVTPL. Details of the fair
      value measurement over the financial assets are disclosed in Note 32.

21.   TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


       Time deposits with original maturity of three months or less                    71,819                      –
       Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                 257,854                370,487


                                                                                      329,673                370,487


       Presented as:
         Current                                                                      289,673                320,487
         Non-current                                                                   40,000                 50,000


                                                                                      329,673                370,487


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


       Time deposits denominated in foreign currency:
         US$                                                                          213,473                        –


      As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s time deposits of approximately RMB290,487,000 were held in
      designated bank accounts for issuance of bank acceptance notes (2023: nil).

      The Group’s time deposits are bank deposits and redeemable on maturity. The weight-average interest rates
      of the time deposits were 4.96% per annum as at 31 December 2023 (2022: 4.01%).

      Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 32.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      22.     RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS/BANK BALANCES AND CASH

              Restricted bank deposits represents deposits held in designated bank accounts for issuance of bank
              acceptance notes. The restricted bank deposits carry interest rate ranging from 0.25% to 2.00% per annum as
              at 31 December 2023 (2022: 0.25% to 2.50%).

              Bank balances and cash consists of balance with banks and cash on hand. Bank balances carry interest at
              prevailing market rates.

              Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 32.

      23.     TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Trade payables                                                              1,474,431          1,433,487
               Note payables                                                               1,181,242            448,797
               Salary and welfare payables                                                   154,899            168,824
               Other tax payables                                                             17,215             31,227
               Other payables                                                                277,286            299,622
               Deposits received                                                                 665              1,069
               Accrued issued costs and listing expenses                                           –             15,052


                                                                                           3,105,738          2,398,078


              Trade payables

              The credit period of trade payables is ranging from 30 to 90 days. An ageing analysis of the trade payables
              based on the invoice date at the end of each reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               0-30 days                                                                     910,330            998,860
               30-90 days                                                                    461,413            253,227
               Over 90 days                                                                  102,688            181,400


                                                                                           1,474,431          1,433,487


              Note payables

              All note payables issued by the Group are with a maturity period of less than six months.




120   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the Year ended 31 December 2023



24.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


       Receipts in advances from customers                                               10,308                  24,434


      As at 1 January 2022, contract liabilities amounted to approximately RMB9,373,000.

      The Group generally requires advance payments from certain of its customers before delivery of goods. This
      will give rise to a contract liability at the beginning of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant
      contract exceeds the amount received.

      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised for the years ended 31 December 2023 and
      2022 relates to the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year:

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


       Revenue recognised during the year                                                24,434                   9,373


25.   LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


       Lease liabilities payable
       Within one year                                                                   62,550                  81,178
       Within a period of more than one year but not more than
         two years                                                                       48,147                  50,711
       Within a period of more than two years but not more than
         five years                                                                      41,456                  48,659


                                                                                        152,153                180,548
       Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown
              under current liabilities                                                 (62,550)                (81,178)


       Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
        under non-current liabilities                                                    89,603                  99,370


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied by the relevant group entities are 4.75% (2022:
      4.75%) per annum.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      26.     BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


               Advance from banks on discounted note receivables
                 with recourse repayable within one year (Note)                                     57,508                        –


                                                                                                    57,508                        –


               Analysed as:
               Unsecured                                                                            57,508                        –


                                                                                                    57,508                        –


               Carrying amounts repayable within one year and
                 shown under current liabilities                                                    57,508                        –

              Note:   All note receivables discounted to banks as at 31 December 2023 were arising from intragroup transactions among
                      members of the Group, which were eliminated in full on consolidation.


              The effective interest rates (which was also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group’s bank borrowing
              are as follow:

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


               Effective interest rate:
               Advance from banks on discounted note receivables
                 with recourse                                                             0.73% – 1.65%                          –


              All of the borrowings are denominated in RMB which is the same as the functional currency of the
              corresponding group entities.




122   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the Year ended 31 December 2023



27.   FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL

      The Group issued a series of preferred shares (the “Preferred Shares”) to finance its operation. Details of the
      movements of the fair value of the Preferred Shares issued are as follows:

                                                                                                                 Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                           at FVTPL
                                                                                                                            RMB’000


          At 1 January 2022                                                                                                  4,222,381
          Issued during the year                                                                                               350,161
          Unrealised changes in fair value                                                                                   1,299,500


          At 31 December 2022                                                                                                5,872,042
          Unrealised changes in fair value                                                                                   3,171,903
          Automatic conversion of Preferred Shares upon the Listing (Note)                                                  (9,043,945)


          At 31 December 2023                                                                                                         –

      Note:    As at 28 June 2023, all Preferred Shares were automatically converted into 491,225,068 ordinary shares of the Company
               upon the Listing and the fair value of the Preferred Shares as at 28 June 2023 was measured with reference to the IPO offer
               price of HK$20 per share.


28.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                              Number of shares                Share capital            Presented as
                                                                                                       US$                 RMB’000


          Authorised:
          At 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022                    5,000,000,000                      50,000
          Share subdivision (Note i)                               15,000,000,000                           –


          At 31 December 2023                                    20,000,000,000                       50,000


          Issued and fully paid:
          At 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022                        31,329,046                        313                         2
          Share subdivision (Note i)                                    93,987,138                          –                         –
          Issue of shares pursuant to initial public
             offering (Note ii)                                         17,235,400                          44                         *
          Automatic conversion of Preferred
             Shares upon the Listing (Note 27)                         491,225,068                      1,228                         9
          Exercise of share options (Note 29)                            6,708,850                         17                         *


          At 31 December 2023                                        640,485,502                       1,602                         11

      *        Amount is less than RMB1,000.




                                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023     123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      28.     SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

              Notes:

              (i)      On 28 June 2023, the authorised share capital of the Company of par value US$0.00001 each was subdivided into 4 shares
                       of par value US$0.0000025 each (the “Share Subdivision”). Upon the Share Subdivision, the authorised share capital of the
                       Company was changed from US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000,000 shares of a par value of US$0.00001 each to US$50,000
                       divided into 20,000,000,000 shares of a par value of US$0.0000025 each and the issued share capital of the Company
                       became US$313 divided into 125,316,184 shares of a par value of US$0.0000025 each.

              (ii)     On 28 June 2023, the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange following the completion
                       of issuance of 15,808,800 new shares of US$0.0000025 each issued at an offer price of HK$20 per share.

                       On 25 July 2023, the Company issued and allotted ordinary shares of 1,426,600 shares to the public shareholders at an offer
                       price of HK$20 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in the Listing.

              (iii)    During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company purchased its own ordinary shares through a trust through the
                       Stock Exchange as follows:

                                                                                     No. of         Price per share            Aggregate
                        Month of repurchase                                 ordinary shares        Highest       Lowest consideration paid
                                                                                                      HK$           HK$          HK$’000


                        11                                                          30,000           18.32           18.00                  547
                        11                                                         120,000           19.78           19.46                2,358
                        11                                                         120,000           20.00           19.82                2,390

                       The purchase of ordinary shares was held by a trust for the purpose of satisfying grants made under the 2023 Share
                       Incentive Plan. Details are set out in Note 29.

                       Except for the purchase above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
                       listed securities during the year.


      29.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES

              Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group

              2017 Share Incentive Plan

              Effective on 2 February 2017, Guangzhou Sudao adopted the “2017 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which
              the Group was authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to employees
              and non-employees of Guangzhou Sudao. Share options were granted with an exercise price not less than
              the fair market value of the Guangzhou Sudao’s ordinary shares at the date of grant, and have exercise terms
              of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of directors of Guangzhou
              Sudao, and are subject to a continued service relationship. Effective on 1 January 2019, the Group terminated
              the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, meaning that, while no additional awards of share options, share appreciation
              rights, or restricted share were permitted thereunder, all outstanding awards continued to be governed by
              their existing terms.




124   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the Year ended 31 December 2023



29.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      2019 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 27 February 2019, the Company adopted the “2019 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the
      Company is authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to directors,
      officers and employees who provide services to the Company and its affiliates. Share options are to be
      granted with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the date
      of grant, and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the
      board of directors of the Company, and are subject generally to a continued service relationship.

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share Incentive Plan

      On 7 December 2018, as part of the share exchange arrangement, Guangzhou Sudao would i) substitute 1
      share of ordinary share of Guangzhou Sudao under the 2017 Share Incentive Plan and ii) assume on the same
      terms and conditions as the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, share appreciation rights, and restricted share under
      the 2019 Share Incentive Plan as defined and detailed below. The directors of the Company considered that
      the modification of terms of 2017 Share Incentive Plan have no material change in fair value of the share
      options at the date of modification.

      Two share options can be converted into one ordinary share of the Company upon exercise. Following
      the Share Subdivision, each share option can be converted into two ordinary shares of the Company upon
      exercise.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      29.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

              Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

              Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
              Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

              The following table discloses movements of share options under 2017 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                           At   Forfeited          At    Forfeited   Exercised          At
                                           Grant    Vesting     Expiry   Exercise   1 January      during 31 December       during      during 31 December
               Options                      year     period       year      price        2022    the year        2022     the year    the year        2023
                                                     (Note)                  US$


               Directors and employees
               Tranche 2017-7              2017     4 years      2027        0.30   1,808,394    (11,952)    1,796,442          –    (691,687)   1,104,755
               Tranche 2017-7              2017     4 years      2027        0.30     185,261          –       185,261    (15,537)    (85,300)      84,424
               Tranche 2018-1              2018     4 years      2028        0.30     179,286          –       179,286          –     (10,000)     169,286
               Tranche 2018-2              2018     4 years      2028        0.30     555,982          –       555,982          –           –      555,982
               Tranche 2018-12             2018     4 years      2028        1.05     847,659          –       847,659          –    (193,900)     653,759


                                                                                    3,576,582    (11,952)    3,564,630    (15,537)   (980,887)   2,568,206


               Exercisable at the end of
                 the year                                                                                           –                            2,568,206


               Weighted average exercise
                price (US$)                                                              0.48       0.30          0.48       0.30        0.45         0.49

              Note:      One quarter of options become vested at the end of each year during the vesting period.


              Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited or
              expired during the year. As at 31 December 2023, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
              options was RMB2.88 (2022: nil share options was exercisable as at 31 December 2022).




126   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the Year ended 31 December 2023



29.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2019 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                            At    Granted    Forfeited          At     Granted    Forfeited Exercised          At
                            Grant    Vesting    Expiry   Exercise    1 January      during      during 31 December       during      during    during 31 December
       Options               year     period      year      price         2022    the year    the year        2022     the year    the year the year         2023
                                     (Note i)                US$


       Directors and
          employees
       Tranche 2019-3       2019    4 years      2029        1.05       65,000           –            –       65,000          –          –     (13,300)      51,700
       Tranche 2019-4       2019    4 years      2029        1.05       40,000           –            –       40,000          –          –     (40,000)           –
       Tranche 2019-10      2019    4 years      2029        0.94    2,251,000           –      (25,000)   2,226,000          –    (27,500)   (494,500)   1,704,000
       Tranche 2019-11      2019    4 years      2029        2.00       50,000           –            –       50,000          –          –     (44,900)       5,100
       Tranche 2020-1       2020    4 years      2030        1.05      120,000           –            –      120,000          –          –     (82,500)      37,500
       Tranche 2020-4       2020    4 years      2030        1.05      270,000           –      (25,000)     245,000          –    (17,000)    (36,200)     191,800
       Tranche 2021-1       2021    4 years      2031        1.60    1,066,465           –    (799,849)      266,616          –          –    (266,600)          16
       Tranche 2021-2       2021    4 years      2031        2.00    1,001,500           –      (81,750)     919,750          –    (20,000)   (192,750)     707,000
       Tranche 2021-7       2021    4 years      2031        2.00       30,000           –      (30,000)           –          –          –           –            –
       Tranche 2021-11      2021    4 years      2031        2.00    5,220,071           –    (507,071)    4,713,000          –   (267,000)   (420,597)   4,025,403
       Tranche 2021-12      2021    4 years      2031        2.00      450,000           –            –      450,000          –          –     (50,500)     399,500
       Tranche 2022-2       2022    4 years      2032        2.00            –   1,099,000    (132,000)      967,000          –   (111,000)    (94,450)     761,550
       Tranche 2022-5-1     2022    4 years      2032        2.00            –      20,000            –       20,000          –          –      (2,000)      18,000
       Tranche 2022-5-2     2022    4 years      2032        0.80            –   2,660,000            –    2,660,000          –          –    (340,000)   2,320,000
       Tranche 2022-5-3     2022 Immediate       2032        0.80            –   1,330,000            –    1,330,000          –          –           –    1,330,000
                                  After IPO
                                   (Note ii)
       Tranche 2022-7-1     2022    4 years      2032        2.00           –     740,000       (80,000)     660,000         –     (50,000)    (55,000)     555,000
       Tranche 2023-1-1     2023    4 years      2033        2.00           –           –             –            – 200,000             –           –      200,000
       Tranche 2023-1-1     2023 Immediate       2033        0.00           –           –             –            – 280,000             –    (230,000)      50,000
       Tranche 2023-1-5     2023    4 years      2033        2.00           –           –             –            –    43,000           –     (10,241)      32,759
       Tranche 2023-3-2     2023    4 years      2033        2.00           –           –             –            –    20,000           –           –       20,000
       Tranche 2023-6-10    2023    4 years      2033        2.00           –           –             –            – 2,466,000     (28,000)          –    2,438,000


                                                                    10,564,036   5,849,000   (1,680,670)   14,732,366 3,009,000   (520,500) (2,373,538) 14,847,328


       Exercisable at the                                                                                         –                                       6,110,828
         end of the year


       Weighted average                                                   1.69        1.18         1.78         1.48       1.81       1.91        1.30         1.56
         exercise price
         (US$)



                                                                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023         127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      29.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

              Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

              Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
              Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

              Notes:

              i)         For the options with vesting period of 4 years, one quarter of options become vested at the end of each year during the
                         vesting period.

              ii)        In May 2022, the Company granted 1,330,000 share options to Mr. Fei Chen, an executive director of the Company. These
                         options are vested on the date when the Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


              Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited or
              expired during the year. As at 31 December 2023, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
              options was RMB8.28 (2022: nil share options was exercisable as at 31 December 2022).

              These fair values were calculated using the binomial method. The variables and assumptions used in
              computing the fair value of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate with reference to
              valuation reports carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer. The value of an option varies
              with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                                           2023                         2022


                    Weighted average share price                                          US$2.90 – US$4.33              US$2.10 – US$2.40
                    Exercise price                                                        US$0.00 – US$2.00              US$0.80 – US$2.00
                    Expected volatility                                                    60.60% – 61.60%                60.22% – 61.47%
                    Expected life (years)                                                                10                             10
                    Risk-free rate                                                           3.03% – 4.10%                  1.96% – 3.14%
                    Expected dividend yield                                                             0%                             0%


              Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the share prices of comparable
              companies over the previous 10 years. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on
              the directors’ best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural
              considerations.

              During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately
              RMB83,657,000 (2022: RMB38,817,000) in relation to share options granted by the Group.

              Equity-settled award shares of the Group

              2023 Share Incentive Plan

              The 2023 Share Incentive Plan was first adopted by the Board on 12 June 2023 and took effect immediately
              upon the Listing. Since the Listing, the 2023 Share Incentive Plan is subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
              Under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, a maximum number of 63,235,005 ordinary shares of the Company can
              be issued to employee participants, related party participant and service provider participant. Award shares
              have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of
              directors of the Company, and are subject to performance targets and other condition on case by case basis.

128   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the Year ended 31 December 2023



29.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group (Continued)

      2023 Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of award shares under 2023 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                         At      Granted       Forfeited          At
                                                            Vesting    Expiry     1 January        during         during 31 December
       Award shares                         Grant year       period      year          2023      the year       the year        2023
                                                             (Note)


       Employees
       Tranche 2023-9-4                          2023       2 years     2033             –       627,900         (17,000)     610,900
       Tranche 2023-9-4                          2023       4 years     2033             –     3,190,100         (82,000)   3,108,100


                                                                                               3,818,000         (99,000)   3,719,000



       Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                           –

      Note:    For award shares with vesting period of 2 and 4 years, half and one quarter of award shares become vested at the end of
               each year during the vesting period, respectively.


      Except for the forfeited award shares disclosed above, no other award shares were vested, forfeited or expired
      during the year.

      These fair values of award shares were determined by the share price of the Company at grant date.

      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately
      RMB34,621,000 (2022: nil) in relation to award shares granted by the Group.




                                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      30.     RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN

              The eligible employees of the Company’s subsidiaries in PRC are members of pension schemes operated by
              local government of the PRC. The subsidiaries in the PRC are required to contribute a certain percentage of
              the relevant cost of payroll of these employees to the pension schemes to fund the benefits.

              The contributions to the retirement benefits schemes for employees of the Group and directors of the
              Company during the year are disclosed in Notes 10 and 11, respectively.

      31.     CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

              The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
              while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
              Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

              The capital structure of the Group consists of net debts, which include lease liabilities as disclosed in Note 25
              and bank borrowings as disclosed in Note 26, net of bank balances and cash, and time deposits with original
              maturity of three months or less and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share
              capital and reserves.

              The management of the Group reviews the capital structure on a regular basis. As a part of this review,
              the management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of items in the
              context of capital structure, and takes appropriate actions to adjust the Group’s capital structure. Based
              on recommendations of the management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the
              repayment of existing debts and continuity of funding of cash flows from operating activities and new shares
              issue.




130   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the Year ended 31 December 2023



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      (a)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


             Financial assets
             Time deposits                                               329,673                370,487
             Restricted bank deposits                                  1,105,992                298,404
             Bank balances and cash                                      673,874                835,394
             Trade and other receivables                                 305,685                368,577
             Amount due from a shareholder                                     –                      2


             Financial assets at amortised cost                        2,415,224              1,872,864


             Financial assets at FVTPL                                   865,493                711,076


             Financial liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                  2,933,624              2,323,375
             Bank borrowings                                              57,508                      –


             Financial liabilities at amortised cost                   2,991,132              2,323,375


             Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                     –             5,872,042




                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies

                      The Group’s financial instruments include trade and other receivables, financial assets at FVTPL,
                      time deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash, trade and other payables, bank
                      borrowings, financial liabilities at FVTPL, lease liabilities and amount due from a shareholder. Details of
                      these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial
                      instruments mainly include market risk (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.
                      The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management of the Group manages
                      and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and
                      effective manner.

                      Market risk

                      Currency risk

                      Certain bank balances, time deposits, financial assets at FVTPL and financial liabilities at FVTPL
                      denominated in foreign currency of respective group entities expose the Group to foreign currency
                      risk. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management
                      monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure
                      should the need arise. The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary
                      assets and liabilities at the end of both years are mainly as follows:

                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


                       Assets
                       US$                                                                        520,093                  87,471


                       Liabilities
                       US$                                                                                –             4,164,994


                      Sensitivity analysis

                      The following details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2022: 5%) increase and decrease in RMB against
                      US$. 5% (2022: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to
                      key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
                      change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
                      denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5%
                      (2022: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. For a 5% (2022: 5%) weakening/strengthening of RMB
                      against US$, the Group’s post-tax loss for the year ended 31 December 2023 would decrease/increase
                      by approximately RMB19,503,000 (2022: post-tax loss would increase/decrease by approximately
                      RMB152,907,000).




132   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the Year ended 31 December 2023



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Market risk (Continued)

            Interest rate risk

            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to lease liabilities as disclosed in Note 25
            and bank borrowings as disclosed in Note 26.

            The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate restricted bank
            deposits and bank balances as disclosed in Notes 21 and 22 respectively. The Group’s cash flow
            interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on restricted bank deposits,
            and bank balances.

            The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging policy. The management of the Group
            consider the Group’s exposure of the restricted bank deposits and bank balances to interest rate risk
            is insignificant as the fluctuation of market interest rate and PRC prime rate is not expected to be
            significant, no sensitivity analysis is presented accordingly.

            Credit risk and impairment assessment

            Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
            resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable
            to trade and note receivables, other receivable, time deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank
            balances and amount due from a shareholder. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
            enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

            The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets under ECL model. Information about
            the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related impairment
            assessment, if applicable, are summarised as below:

            Trade and note receivables arising from contracts with customers

            In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
            for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that
            follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable
            amount of each individual significant trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure that
            adequate impairment loss is recognised for irrecoverable amount. In this regard, the directors of the
            Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Trade and note receivables arising from contracts with customers (Continued)

                      In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on a collective basis. Trade
                      and note receivables are grouped by internal credit rating based on shared credit risk characteristics
                      by reference to past due exposure for the customers. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the
                      Group reversed credit loss allowance of approximately RMB2,540,000 (2022: recognised RMB2,300,000)
                      for trade receivables based on collective assessment. Impairment allowance for note receivables as at
                      31 December 2023 and 2022 was not material.

                      The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which
                      accounted for 100% of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

                      Other receivables

                      The Group assessed the loss allowance for other receivables on 12m ECL basis as the Group has
                      considered that credit risks on these financial assets have not increased significantly since initial
                      recognition. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the historical default
                      experience and forward looking information as appropriate. The Group has considered the consistently
                      low historical default rate in connection with payments and the Group also actively monitors the
                      outstanding amounts owed by each debtor and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to
                      reduce the risk of a credit related loss. For the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, management
                      of the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables was insignificant and thus no loss allowance was
                      recognised.

                      Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances

                      The credit risks on time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances are limited because the
                      counterparties are authorised banks in the PRC with high credit ratings assigned by external credit-
                      rating agencies.

                      Other than the concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are placed with several banks, the
                      Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit risk.

                      The Group assessed 12m ECL for time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances by
                      reference to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit
                      rating grades published by external credit rating agencies. Based on the average loss rates, the 12m
                      ECL on time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances is considered to be insignificant and
                      therefore no loss allowance was recognised.




134   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the Year ended 31 December 2023



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

            Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

            The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

             Internal                                                     Trade and                 Other
             credit rating   Description                                  note receivables          financial assets


             Low risk        The counterparty has a low risk              Lifetime ECL –            12m ECL
                               of default and does not have                  not credit-impaired
                               material past-due amounts
             Watch list      Debtor frequently repays after               Lifetime ECL –            12m ECL
                               due date but usually settle in full           not credit-impaired
             Doubtful        There have been significant increases        Lifetime ECL –            Lifetime ECL –
                               in credit risk since initial recognition      not credit-impaired       not credit-impaired
                               through information developed
                               internally or external resources
             Loss            There is evidence indicating the             Lifetime ECL –            Lifetime ECL –
                               asset is credit-impaired                      credit-impaired           credit-impaired
             Write-off       There is evidence indicating that            Amount is written off     Amount is written of
                               the debtor is in severe financial
                               difficulty and the Group and the
                               Company has no realistic prospect
                               of recovery




                                                                                                   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

                      The table below details the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
                      ECL assessment:

                                                                                                                Gross carrying amount
                                                                                                                       At             At
                                                                  Internal      12m or                       31 December     31 December
                                                            Notes credit rating lifetime ECL                        2023            2022
                                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


                       Financial assets at amortised cost
                       Trade receivables                     19    (Note 1)     Lifetime ECL –                    32,821         139,215
                                                                                   not credit-impaired
                                                                                   (collective assessment)
                       Note receivables                      19    (Note 1)     Lifetime ECL –                     7,306          29,163
                                                                                   not credit-impaired
                                                                                   (collective assessment)
                       Other receivables                     19    (Note 2)     12m ECL                           266,617        204,856
                       Amount due from a shareholder         36    (Note 2)     12m ECL                                 –              2
                       Time deposits                         21    (Note 2)     12m ECL                           329,673        370,487
                       Restricted bank deposits              22    (Note 2)     12m ECL                         1,105,992        298,404
                       Bank balances                         22    (Note 2)     12m ECL                           673,874        835,394


                                                                                                                2,416,283       1,877,521




136   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the Year ended 31 December 2023



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

            Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

            Notes:

            1.       For not credit-impaired trade and note receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to
                     measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on a collective basis, grouped by
                     internal credit rating and past due status of respective receivable.

                     Internal credit rating

                     As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers. The
                     following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed
                     collectively as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired). Impairment allowance
                     for note receivables as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 was not material as the notes receivables are issued by
                     authorised banks in the PRC with high credit ratings assigned by external credit-rating agencies.

                     Gross carrying amount


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                2023                          2022
                                                                        Average            Trade      Average           Trade
                                                                        loss rate    receivables      loss rate    receivables
                                                                                       RMB’000                       RMB’000


                      Low risk                                             3.2%           32,821             3.3%          139,215


                     The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the
                     debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The
                     grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.

                     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group reversed credit losses allowance of approximately
                     RMB2,540,000 (2022: recognised credit losses allowance of approximately RMB2,300,000) for trade receivables.




                                                                                                        YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023    137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

                      Notes: (Continued)

                      1.      (Continued)

                              Gross carrying amount (Continued)

                              The following tables show the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables under the
                              simplified approach:

                                                                                                                                   Lifetime ECL –
                                                                                                                           collective assessment
                               Trade receivables                                                                            (not credit-impaired)
                                                                                                                                          RMB’000


                               As at 1 January 2022                                                                                           6,385
                                 – impairment losses recognised                                                                               2,300
                                 – Write-offs                                                                                                (4,028)


                               As at 31 December 2022                                                                                         4,657
                                 – impairment losses reversed                                                                                (2,540)
                                 – Write-offs                                                                                                (1,058)


                               As at 31 December 2023                                                                                        1,059

                              The Group writes off trade and note receivables when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                              financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed under
                              liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade and note receivables are over two years
                              past due, whichever occurs earlier. None of the trade and note receivables that have been written off and is subject
                              to enforcement activities.

                      2.      For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group has applied the general approach in IFRS 9 to
                              measure the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The
                              Group determines the expected credit losses for other receivables, amount due from a shareholder, time deposits,
                              restricted bank deposits and bank balances by assessment of probability of default. During the year ended 31
                              December 2023 and 2022, in view of the nature of the balance and historical default rate and forward looking
                              information, the Group considers the provision of impairment allowance for these balances are insignificant.




138   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the Year ended 31 December 2023



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Liquidity risk

            In the management of liquidity risk, the Group’s management monitors and maintains a level of cash
            and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and
            mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

            The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities based
            on the agreed repayment terms. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows
            of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table
            includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are at variable rate, the
            undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

                                                 Weighted               On demand       Between    Between
                                                   average     Carrying or less than     1 and 2    2 and 5         Over 5
                                              interest rate     amount        1 year       years      years          years       Total
                                                         %     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


             As at 31 December 2023
             Trade and other payables                 N/A     2,933,624    2,933,624          –          –               –    2,933,624
             Bank borrowings                          1.50       57,508       57,508          –          –               –       57,508
             Lease liabilities                        4.75      152,153       68,084     51,165     42,831               –      162,080


                                                              3,143,285    3,059,216     51,165     42,831               –    3,153,212


             As at 31 December 2022
             Trade and other payables                 N/A      2,323,375    2,323,375          –          –              –     2,323,375
             Financial liabilities at FVTPL           N/A      5,872,042    5,872,042          –          –              –     5,872,042
             Lease liabilities                        4.75       180,548       87,829     54,096     50,660              –       192,585


                                                               8,375,965    8,283,246     54,096     50,660              –     8,388,002




                                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Fair value measurement of financial instruments

                      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
                      recurring basis

                      Certain of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of
                      the reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial
                      assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used),
                      as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised
                      (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                2023        2022            Fair value       Valuation technique
                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000            hierarchy        and key input


                       Financial assets
                       Financial assets at FVTPL             865,493           711,076      Level 2          Quoted value from banks
                                                                                                              and financial institutions
                                                                                                              based on expected
                                                                                                              return with reference to
                                                                                                              underlying investment

                       Financial liabilities
                       Financial liabilities at FVTPL                 –      5,872,042      Level 3          Back-solve method (Note)

                      Note:

                      A 5% increase/decrease in the fair value of the total equity value of the Company, while all other variables keep
                      constant, would increase the carrying amount of financial liabilities at FVTPL as at 31 December 2022 by approximately
                      RMB281,541,000 or decrease the carrying amount as at 31 December 2022 by approximately RMB281,742,000.

                      A 5% increase/decrease in the probability of an IPO, while all other variables keep constant, would increase/decrease the
                      carrying amount of financial liabilities at FVTPL as at 31 December 2022 by approximately RMB16,681,000.


                      There were no transfer between Level 1 and 2 during both years.




140   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the Year ended 31 December 2023



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)

            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
            recurring basis (Continued)

            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                           Financial
                                                                                                           liabilities
                                                                                                           at FVTPL
                                                                                                            RMB’000


             As at 1 January 2022                                                                          4,222,381
               – issued during the year                                                                      350,161
               – changes in fair value                                                                     1,299,500


             As at 31 December 2022                                                                         5,872,042
               – changes in fair value                                                                      3,171,903
               – automatic conversion of Preferred Shares upon the Listing                                 (9,043,945)


             As at 31 December 2023                                                                                  –


            The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is determined in accordance with generally
            accepted pricing model based on discounted cash flow analysis.

            The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
            liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair
            values.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      33.     RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

              The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
              and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
              cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
              activities.

                                                   Convertible
                                                    preferred             Lease           Bank        Accrued
                                                       shares         liabilities   borrowings      issue cost         Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


               At 1 January 2022                       4,222,381        181,729               –            705      4,404,815


               Financing cash flow                       350,161        (84,986)           (521)         (2,727)      261,927
               New leases entered                              –         74,095               –               –        74,095
               Issue cost accruals                             –              –               –           4,403         4,403
               Fair value change                       1,299,500              –               –               –     1,299,500
               Finance costs                                   –          9,710             521               –        10,231


               As at 31 December 2022                  5,872,042        180,548               –          2,381      6,054,971


               Financing cash flow                           –         (89,997)         56,012        (33,798)       (67,783)
               New leases entered                            –          53,066               –              –         53,066
               Issue cost accruals                           –               –               –         31,417         31,417
               Fair value change                     3,171,903               –               –              –      3,171,903
               Finance costs                                 –           8,536           1,496              –         10,032
               Automatic conversion of
                  preferred shares upon the IPO     (9,043,945)                –              –               –    (9,043,945)


               As at 31 December 2023                          –       152,153          57,508                –      209,661




142   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the Year ended 31 December 2023



34.   TRANSFER OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

      The following were the Group’s financial assets as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 that were transferred to
      suppliers by endorsing those note receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the
      significant risks and rewards relating to these receivables, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount
      of the note receivables (see Note 19) and the full carrying amount of the trade payables (see Note 23) for
      endorsed notes receivables. These financial assets are carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated
      statement of financial position.

      As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                                 Note receivables
                                                                                                     endorsed to
                                                                                                   suppliers with
                                                                                                     full recourse
                                                                                                         RMB’000


       Carrying amount of transferred financial assets                                                        5,993
       Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             (5,993)


                                                                                                                    –


      As at 31 December 2022

                                                                                                  Note receivables
                                                                                                      endorsed to
                                                                                                    suppliers with
                                                                                                      full recourse
                                                                                                           RMB’000


       Carrying amount of transferred financial assets                                                        28,209
       Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             (28,209)


                                                                                                                    –




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      35.     CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


               Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
                 plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in
                 the consolidated financial statements                                    3,591               3,788


      36.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

              Amount due from a shareholder

              The balance as at 31 December 2022 was interest-free, non-trade related, unsecured and was fully repaid
              during the year ended 31 December 2023.

              Compensation of key management personnel

              The remuneration of directors who are also the key management personnel during the years ended 31
              December 2023 and 2022 is set out in Note 11.




144   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the Year ended 31 December 2023



37.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES

      Details of the principal subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below:

                                                                                                     Proportion ownership
                                                 Place of                                             interest attributable
                                                 incorporation/                                         by the Company
       Name of                                   registration/  Paid up/          Registered           As at 31 December
       subsidiaries                              operations     issued capital    capital                2023          2022   Principal activities


       Guangzhou Leyao Information               The PRC         USD256,000,000   USD256,000,000        100%         100%     Investment holding
        Technology Co., Ltd.
        廣州樂藥科技集團有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangdong Dihao                           The PRC         RMB105,000,000   RMB105,000,000        100%         100%     Wholesale of
        廣東帝豪藥業有限公司                                                                                                             pharmaceutical and
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                     healthcare products

       Hubei Chengweishang                       The PRC         RMB43,500,000    RMB43,500,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                               pharmaceutical and
        湖北誠為上醫藥有限公司                                                                                                            healthcare products
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Chengdu Beilebang                         The PRC         RMB81,000,000    RMB81,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                              pharmaceutical and
         成都北樂幫醫藥有限公司                                                                                                           healthcare products
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Jiangsu Jinshi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB91,000,000    RMB91,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
          江蘇金石醫藥有限公司                                                                                                           pharmaceutical
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangdong Dongjian                        The PRC         RMB146,000,000   RMB146,000,000        100%         100%     Wholesale of
        廣東東健醫藥有限公司                                                                                                             pharmaceutical and
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                     healthcare products

       Anhui Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.      The PRC         RMB76,000,000    RMB76,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         安徽樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                            pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                    healthcare products

       Guangdong Jiuzhang                        The PRC         RMB10,000,000    RMB10,000,000         100%         100%     Retail of pharmaceutical
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                and healthcare
        廣東九章醫藥有限公司                                                                                                              products
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




                                                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023         145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      37.     PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES
              (CONTINUED)

              Details of the principal subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                         Proportion ownership
                                                         Place of                                         interest attributable
                                                         incorporation/                                     by the Company
               Name of                                   registration/  Paid up/         Registered        As at 31 December
               subsidiaries                              operations     issued capital   capital             2023          2022   Principal activities


               Chongqing Yangtuo                         The PRC         RMB55,000,000   RMB55,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                 重慶央拓醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Donghua Yutai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB56,000,000   RMB56,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                東華宇泰（福建）醫藥有限公司                                                                                                     pharmaceutical and
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                 healthcare products

               Jilin Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB60,000,000   RMB60,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                  吉林省眾鑫藥業有限公司                                                                                                      pharmaceutical and
                  (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                               healthcare products

               Beijing Huisheng                          The PRC         RMB42,800,000   RMB42,800,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                 北京惠生醫藥有限責任公司                                                                                                      healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Jinan Gonghao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB41,000,000   RMB41,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 濟南共好醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        pharmaceutical and
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                healthcare products

               Heilongjiang Changle                      The PRC         RMB57,000,000   RMB57,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                           pharmaceutical and
                黑龍江常樂醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Zhejiang Lecheng                          The PRC         RMB52,000,000   RMB52,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                 浙江樂成醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Shaanxi Leying Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB28,000,000   RMB28,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 陝西樂盈醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        pharmaceutical and
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                healthcare products




146   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the Year ended 31 December 2023



37.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES
      (CONTINUED)

      Details of the principal subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                   Proportion ownership
                                               Place of                                             interest attributable
                                               incorporation/                                         by the Company
       Name of                                 registration/  Paid up/          Registered           As at 31 December
       subsidiaries                            operations     issued capital    capital                2023          2022   Principal activities


       Shanxi Lejin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB23,000,000    RMB23,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         山西樂進醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

       Liaoning Lexing Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. The PRC        RMB61,000,000    RMB61,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         遼寧樂興醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

       Guangzhou Junhe Huilian Supply          The PRC         RMB523,398,631   RMB524,000,000        100%         100%     Investment holding
        Chain Management Co., Ltd.
        廣州君合慧聯供應鏈管理有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Xi’an Leying Zhongkang                  The PRC         RMB28,000,000    RMB28,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
          pharmaceutical chain Co., Ltd.                                                                                     pharmaceutical and
          西安樂盈眾康醫藥連鎖有限公司                                                                                                     healthcare products
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       YSB Investment Limited                  Hong Kong       USD166,299,980   N/A                   100%         100%     Investment holding

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi                       The PRC         RMB1,120,246,702 RMB1,122,890,000      100%         100%     Platform and
        廣州速道易信息科技有限公司                                                                                                         software service
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Business Service      The PRC         nil              RMB1,000,000          100%         100%     Platform and
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             software service
        廣州速道易商務服務有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Henan Subiao Information Technology     The PRC         nil              RMB1,000,000          100%         100%     Platform and
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             software service
        河南速標信息科技有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




                                                                                                                   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023     147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      37.     PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES
              (CONTINUED)

              Details of the principal subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                             Proportion ownership
                                                            Place of                                          interest attributable
                                                            incorporation/                                      by the Company
                  Name of                                   registration/  Paid up/          Registered        As at 31 December
                  subsidiaries                              operations     issued capital    capital             2023          2022   Principal activities


                  Leyou Investment Limited                  Hong Kong       USD204,830,000   N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding

                  Guangzhou Yaobang*                        The PRC         nil              RMB1,000,000         0%           0%     Platform and
                   廣州藥幫信息科技有限公司                                                                                                         software service

                  Guangzhou Sudao*                          The PRC         RMB9,818,877     RMB9,818,877         0%           0%     Platform and
                   廣州速道信息科技有限公司                                                                                                         software service

                  Hebei Zeyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.       The PRC         RMB30,000,000    RMB40,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                   河北澤怡醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

                  Zhejiang Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB45,000,000    RMB45,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                    浙江樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                         pharmaceutical and
                    (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                 healthcare products

                  Hunan Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.      The PRC         RMB25,000,000    RMB25,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                   湖南樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

                  Henan Huiying Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB70,000,000    RMB70,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                   河南惠盈醫藥有限公司                                                                                                         pharmaceutical and
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                 healthcare products

                  YSB Technology Limited                    BVI             nil              N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding

                  YSB Technology (Hong Kong) Limited        Hong Kong       nil              N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding

                  YSB Health Limited                        Hong Kong       nil              N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding

                  Guangzhou Yuewei Medical                  The PRC         RMB7,000,000     RMB10,000,000      100%         100%     Medical testing services
                   Laboratory Co., Ltd.
                   廣州閱微醫學檢驗所有限公司
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)



              *          The Group obtained control over these entities through Contractual Arrangements as set out in Note 4.




148   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the Year ended 31 December 2023



37.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES
      (CONTINUED)

      Details of the principal subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                  Proportion ownership
                                                Place of                                           interest attributable
                                                incorporation/                                       by the Company
       Name of                                  registration/  Paid up/         Registered          As at 31 December
       subsidiaries                             operations     issued capital   capital               2023          2022   Principal activities


       Guangzhou Xiaoweicang Smart Drug         The PRC         nil             RMB1,000,000          70%          70%     Intelligent Pharmacy
        Store Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                            services
        廣州小微倉智能藥店科技有限公司
        (Incorporated domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Linyaohui Information          The PRC         nil             USD1,000,000         100%         100%     Investment holding
        Technology Co., Ltd.
        廣州鄰藥匯信息科技有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Spectrum Health                The PRC         nil             RMB1,000,000          70%          70%     Medical testing services
        Technology Co., Ltd.
        廣州光譜健康科技有限公司
        (Incorporated domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Project                The PRC         nil             RMB100,000           100%         100%     Investment holding
        Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
        廣州速道易項目管理顧問有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Enterprise             The PRC         nil             RMB100,000           100%         100%     Investment holding
        Management Consulting Co, Ltd.
        廣州速道易企業管理顧問有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Sudao Business                 The PRC         nil             USD50,000            100%         100%     Investment holding
        Consulting Co., Ltd.
        廣州速道商務諮詢有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Jiangxi Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB10,000,000   RMB10,000,000        100%         100%     Wholesale of
          江西樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        pharmaceutical and
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                healthcare products




                                                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023         149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the Year ended 31 December 2023



      37.     PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES
              (CONTINUED)

              The above table lists the subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities of the Company that the directors of
              the Company believe to principally affect the results or assets of the Group. In the opinion of the directors of
              the Company, to give details of other subsidiaries would, result in particulars of excessive length.

              The voting power of the subsidiaries held by the Company are same with the ownership interest held by the
              Company.

              None of the subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities had issued any debt securities at the end of the
              year.

      38.     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES (DEFICITS) OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Non-current asset
               Investments in subsidiaries                                                  3,049,288              2,950,495


               Current assets
               Other receivables                                                               16,533                 6,421
               Amount due from a shareholder                                                        –                     2
               Amount due from a subsidiary                                                   310,541                     –
               Financial assets at FVTPL                                                            –                60,654
               Time deposits                                                                  239,673                     –
               Bank balances and cash                                                          28,346                 6,904


                                                                                              595,093                73,981


               Current liabilities
               Other payables                                                                  (4,771)               (15,455)
               Amount due to a subsidiary                                                    (272,323)                     –
               Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                       –             (5,872,042)


                                                                                             (277,094)            (5,887,497)


               Net current assets (liabilities)                                               317,999             (5,813,516)


               Net assets (liabilities)                                                     3,367,287             (2,863,021)


               Capital and reserves
               Share capital                                                                       11                      2
               Reserves (deficits)                                                          3,367,276             (2,863,023)


               Total equities (deficits)                                                    3,367,287             (2,863,021)



150   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the Year ended 31 December 2023



38.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES (DEFICITS) OF THE COMPANY
      (CONTINUED)

      Movement in the Company’s reserves (deficits) is as follows:

                                                           Share-based
                                                 Share       payments      Treasury    Accumulated
                                              premium         reserves       Shares          losses          Total
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


       At 1 January 2022                              –         24,040            –       (1,557,205)     (1,533,165)
       Loss and other comprehensive
         expense for the year                         –               –           –       (1,368,675)     (1,368,675)
       Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments                         –         38,817            –                –         38,817
       Transfer forfeited equity-settled
         share-based payments to
         accumulated losses                           –          (3,683)          –           3,683                –


       At 31 December 2022                            –         59,174            –       (2,922,197)     (2,863,023)


       Loss and other comprehensive
          expense for the year                       –                –           –      (3,229,447)    (3,229,447)
       Issue of new shares upon the IPO        317,132                –           –               –        317,132
       Transaction costs attributable to
          issue of new shares                   (39,243)              –           –                –        (39,243)
       Automatic conversion of Preferred
          Shares upon the IPO                9,043,936                –           –                –     9,043,936
       Recognition of equity-settled
          share-based payments                        –       118,278             –                –       118,278
       Purchase of shares for the award
          share scheme                                –               –      (4,829)               –         (4,829)
       Transfer forfeited equity-settled
          share-based payments to
          accumulated losses                         –          (2,825)           –           2,825              –
       Exercise of share options                48,605         (24,133)           –               –         24,472


       At 31 December 2023                   9,370,430        150,494        (4,829)     (6,148,819)     3,367,276


39.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      There have been no material subsequent events identified subsequent to 31 December 2023.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   151
      Financial Summary


      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

      A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last four financial years(Note) is set out
      below:

                                                                                 Year Ended 31 December
                                                                   2020                2021           2022                   2023
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000                RMB’000


       Revenue                                                  6,064,907          10,093,538           14,274,810       16,972,276
       Gross profit                                               608,789             913,830             1,434,717       1,740,923
       Loss before tax                                           (576,272)           (503,074)           (1,496,867)     (3,210,197)
       Income tax credit (expense)                                  4,561               1,454                 (3,171)         3,690
       Loss for the year                                         (571,711)           (501,620)           (1,500,038)     (3,206,507)
       Loss and total comprehensive expense
         for the year attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                                   (571,711)            (494,041)          (1,488,688)     (3,189,212)
         Non-controlling interests                                      –               (7,579)             (11,350)        (17,295)


       Loss and total comprehensive expense
         for the year                                            (571,711)            (501,620)          (1,500,038)     (3,206,507)


       Loss per share (basic and diluted, RMB)                       (4.56)               (3.94)               (11.88)        (8.26)

      Note:   The Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2023.




152   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                           Financial Summary


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                            As at 31 December
                                                 2020           2021          2022               2023
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000


Assets
Non-current assets                             797,876       863,865        423,749            348,803
Current assets                               1,792,858     2,572,700      3,684,991          4,863,040


Total assets                                 2,590,734     3,436,565      4,108,740          5,211,843


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities                        105,075       119,529        102,718             92,201
Current liabilities                          4,947,815     6,225,525      8,375,732          3,236,104


Total liabilities                            5,052,890     6,345,054      8,478,450          3,328,305


Equities
(Deficits)/equities attributable to owners
  of the Company                             (2,462,156)   (2,900,910)    (4,350,781)        1,919,762
Non-controlling interests                             –         (7,579)      (18,929)          (36,224)


Total (deficits) equities                    (2,462,156)   (2,908,489)    (4,369,710)        1,883,538


Total equities and liabilities               2,590,734     3,436,565      4,108,740          5,211,843




                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   153
      Definitions


      “Audit Committee”                       the audit committee of the Company

      “Award Shares”                          the Shares underlying an award granted under the 2023 Share Incentive
                                              Plan, which includes new Shares or existing Shares

      “Board”                                 the board of Directors

      “CG Code”                               the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                              Rules (as amended from time to time)

      “China” or the “PRC”                    the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this annual report
                                              only, except where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong,
                                              the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

      “Companies Ordinance”                   the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Company”, “our Company” or             YSB Inc. (藥師幫股份有限公司), (formerly known as YSB Capital Limited),
        “the Company”                         a limited liability company incorporated under the Laws of the Cayman
                                              Islands on 27 August 2018, the shares of which are listed on the Main
                                              Board of the Stock Exchange under the stock code “9885”

      “Consolidated Affiliated Entity(ies)”   Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Yaobang and their subsidiaries and
                                              affiliated entities, the financial accounts of which have been consolidated
                                              and accounted for as if they were subsidiaries of our Company by virtue of
                                              contractual arrangements

      “Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

      “Environmental, Social and              the environmental, social and corporate governance committee of the
        Corporate Governance                  Company
        Committee”

      “FY”                                    financial year ended 31 December

      “Global Offering”                       the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering

      “Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”            the Company and its subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                                              time to time, and where the context requires, in respect of the period
                                              prior to our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                              subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our Company
                                              at the relevant time

      “Guangzhou Sudao”                       Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有
                                              限公司)

      “Guangzhou Yaobang”                     Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技
                                              有限公司)




154   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                         Definitions


“HK$”                         Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”           the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Public Offering”   has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus

“IFRS”                        International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                              the International Accounting Standards Board

“International Offering”      has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus

“Listing”                     the listing of our shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                28 June 2023, the date on which our shares were listed and on which
                              dealings in our shares were first permitted to take place on the Stock
                              Exchange

“Listing Rules”               the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                              Hong Kong Limited

“Main Board”                  the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                              Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with Growth
                              Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                              set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Zhang”                   Mr. Zhang Buzhen (張步鎮), the founder, executive Director, Chairman of
                              the Board and Chief Executive Officer of our Group

“Nomination Committee”        the nomination committee of the Company

“PRC Legal Advisor”           Fangda Partners, our legal advisor on PRC law

“Prospectus”                  the Company’s prospectus dated 15 June 2023, a copy of which is
                              available on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at
                              www.hkexnews.hk

“Remuneration Committee”      the remuneration committee of the Company

“Reporting Period”            the financial year ended 31 December 2023

“RMB” or “Renminbi”           Renminbi, the lawful currency of China

“SFO”                         the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                              Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                              time




                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023   155
      Definitions


      “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par value of
                                       US$0.0000025 each

      “Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of the Share(s)

      “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                       Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and includes our
                                       consolidated affiliated entities and any other entity the financials of which
                                       are consolidated into the accounts of the Company

      “substantial shareholder”        has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules

      “U.S. dollars” or “US$”          United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “United States” or “US”          the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                       subject to its jurisdiction

      “2019 Share Incentive Plan”      the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                       effective since 1 January 2019 (as amended from time to time), the
                                       principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory and general information –
                                       Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the Prospectus

      “2023 Share Incentive Plan”      the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                       effective upon Listing, which constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17
                                       of the Listing Rules, the principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory
                                       and general information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the
                                       Prospectus

      “%”                              per cent




156   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2023
