藥師幫股份有限公司
YSB Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code: 9885




ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS

2    CORPORATE INFORMATION

4    FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

5    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

9    BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND REVIEW

19   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

27   REPORT OF DIRECTORS

39   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

43   OTHER INFORMATION

54   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

71   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

77   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
     LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

78   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION

80   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
     IN EQUITY

81   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

83   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS

166 FINANCIAL SUMMARY

168 DEFINITIONS
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

    Executive Directors                       Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                              Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)
    Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮)
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   AUDITOR
    Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Non-Executive Director                    Certified Public Accountants
                                              Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽)
                                              REGISTERED OFFICE
    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                              Vistra (Cayman) Limited
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  Grand Cayman KY1-1205
                                              Cayman Islands
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                              HEADQUARTERS
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        Yaoshibang Building
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  No. 8 Brand Street
                                              TIT Creative Industry Zone
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                    No. 397 Xingang Middle Road
                                              Guangzhou, China
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉) (Chairman)
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  HONG KONG

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                      Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
                                              33 Hysan Avenue
    Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮) (Chairman)         Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)
    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  LEGAL ADVISORS

    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND CORPORATE       As to Hong Kong law
    GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                      King & Wood Mallesons

    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)       As to PRC law
    Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        Anjie Broad Law Firm
    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)
                                              As to Cayman Islands law
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                 Harney Westwood & Riegels

    Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
    Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)




2   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                         Corporate Information


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

Maxa Capital Limited
Unit 2602, 26/F, Golden Centre
188 Des Voeux Road Central
Sheung Wan, Hong Kong

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Vistra (Cayman) Limited
P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
Grand Cayman KY1-1205
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL BANKS

Ping An Bank, Shenzhen Bantian Branch
China Merchants Bank, Guangzhou Branch
Bank Of China, Guangzhou Panyu Branch

STOCK CODE

9885

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.ysbang.cn




                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   3
    Financial and Business Highlights


                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2024                 2023          Change (%)
                                                                                       (in RMB thousands, except specified
                                                                                            otherwise or percentages)


      Revenue                                                                  17,903,608                   16,972,276                          5.5
      – Self-operation Business                                                16,972,895                   16,036,245                          5.8
      – Online Marketplace                                                        881,075                      873,119                          0.9
      – Other Businesses                                                           49,638                       62,912                        (21.1)

      Gross profit                                                               1,813,451                   1,740,923                          4.2
      Profit (loss) attributable to the owners
        of the Company                                                              30,013                   (3,189,212)                       N/A
      Non-IFRS: Adjusted Net Profit(1)                                             156,734                      130,542                        20.1

      Earnings/(loss) per share (RMB)                                                   0.05                       (8.26)                      N/A
      Dividend per share for the year (RMB)                                            0.075                           –                       N/A

    (1)     The adjusted net profit (the “Adjusted Net Profit”) represents profit/loss for the year adding back (i) changes in fair value of financial
            liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (ii) equity-settled share-based payment expenses, (iii) listing expenses of the Company;
            and (iv) acquisition-related expenses.




4   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                     Chairman’s Statement


First of all, on behalf of YSB Inc. and the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders,
partners and all sectors of the community for their kind attention and tremendous support over the years.

There were both opportunities and challenges in China’s pharmaceutical and healthcare industry in 2024. On one
hand, the Government accelerated the advancement of the “Healthy China” initiative, promoting the accessibility
of medical and healthcare services to all, and driving the industry toward innovative and quality development. The
increasingly prominent trend of aging population, evolving health consumption concepts of residents, and the
broadening application of technologies, including AI and big data, facilitated participants in the pharmaceutical
and healthcare industry to innovate their service models in order to offer diverse and differentiated health products
and services, which has further expanded the boundaries of the pharmaceutical and healthcare market. On the
other hand, the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry experienced a slow growth stage as a result of the impact of
cyclical economic downturns, adjustments in medical insurance policies and other factors. For all participants in the
pharmaceutical and healthcare industry, the importance of enhancing quality and efficiency has become increasingly
significant, undoubtedly imposing stricter requirements on us.

During the year, YSB Inc. forged ahead in a challenging market environment and firmly seized market opportunities.
Leveraging its industry-leading omni-channel layout strategy, the Company carried out business innovation
and service upgrades along the upstream and downstream of the pharmaceutical industry chain. By deepening
collaborative partnerships with upstream and downstream partners, we reached a broader and more diverse user
base, providing more convenient, efficient, professional and comprehensive digital solutions to over 820,000
downstream users. Through advancing user experience upgrades and promoting cost reduction and efficiency
improvement in the industry, we continuously stimulated and released the potential of the industry chain with value
co-creation and win-win collaboration, which injected new momentum into the growth of the outside-of-hospital
pharmaceutical and healthcare industry and further solidified the Company’s leading position in the outside-of-
hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare industry.

CONSOLIDATING THE LEADING POSITION IN ONLINE MARKETPLACE AND SELF-OPERATION
BUSINESSES, CONTINUOUSLY EXPLORING BUSINESS GROWTH POINTS

In 2024, leveraging user-oriented digital operational capabilities, we continued to gain insights into the demands
of downstream users on our platform. By collaborating with merchants on the platform to enhance the diversity of
products from suppliers, we have become the most preferred platform for third-party merchant partnership and
downstream user procurement. Through continuous upgrades of our refined operational management system, we
assisted merchants in refining their operational strategies, achieving win-win growth. During the Reporting Period, our
“Supporting Programme for Helping A Thousand of Third-Party Merchants to Realise Monthly Sales More than One
Million” has supported hundreds of small and medium-sized merchants. Meanwhile, suppliers on the platform have
achieved product matrix diversity and quality improvement, precisely meeting the diverse demands of downstream
users and driving continuous value enhancement of the platform. During the Reporting Period, the number of SKUs
for non-pharmaceutical products on the platform increased by approximately 50%, and the procurement user base
continued to expand. Significant achievements were also realised in category development, quality standardisation
management, and market expansion of traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”) decoction pieces on the platform.
As of 31 December 2024, we have successfully introduced approximately 600 TCM decoction piece manufacturers,
committing to strict quality control at the supply chain source. Moreover, we have established a new benchmark for
TCM decoction piece delivery in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical market (i.e. the “Jinfang standards”), driving
continuous record-breaking growth in the number of procurement users for TCM decoction pieces, a sufficient proof
of the market’s high recognition and trust in our platform’s TCM decoction piece products.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   5
    Chairman’s Statement


    During the Reporting Period, stronger supply chain management capabilities, a more efficient warehouse and
    logistics system as well as smarter digitalised operational models collectively formed a solid foundation for the
    development of our Self-operation Business. We have established close cooperation relationships with numerous
    renowned pharmaceutical brands and manufacturers, such as CR Sanjiu (華潤三九), Kenvue (China) (科赴中國) and
    Hengrui Pharmaceuticals (恒瑞醫藥), which not only guarantees the stable and quality supply of pharmaceutical and
    healthcare products, but also allows all parties to share growth in performance, achieving multi-win situation. In terms
    of warehousing and logistics, we continuously optimised our fulfillment service capabilities. During the Reporting
    Period, the proportion of half-day delivery orders increased to 68.9% from 58.6% for the same period of last year.
    While ensuring continuous improvement in delivery efficiency, we further optimised logistics fulfillment costs.
    Through ongoing iteration of our intelligent operational system, we are able to perform real-time monitoring more
    accurately on inventory data, sales data and market dynamics, enabling more refined management and optimisation
    of each section, thereby enhancing operational efficiency and reducing operating costs.

    The Targeted Product Launch Business has propelled our Self-operation Business to a new level of high-quality
    development. Our exclusive strategic partnership brands together with our own brands (including “Leyaoshi (樂藥
    師)” and the own brands of Yikuai Pharmaceutical) have formed a key driving force for our Targeted Product Launch
    Business. During the Reporting Period, the number of SKUs for the products under our exclusive strategic partnership
    brands and own brands increased by approximately 700 from last year, with the corresponding transaction amounts
    increased by approximately 220% from last year, both achieving explosive growth. The breakthrough growth of this
    business has effectively enhanced the differentiated competitiveness and sustained profitability of YSB.

    In addition, to accelerate the advancement of our own brand business, we successfully completed the main
    settlement for the 100% equity acquisition of “Yikuai Pharmaceutical” during the Reporting Period, with a total
    consideration of approximately RMB1.035 billion, of which the cash consideration was RMB420 million and share
    consideration was RMB615 million (valued at HK$12 per share). We believe that through this acquisition, YSB will
    further strengthen its own brand channels, deeply explore the establishment and expansion of its own brands and
    enrich its product and service offerings. This will provide downstream users with products that have differentiated
    competitive advantages to meet their diverse and personalised needs, thereby improving downstream users’
    operational efficiency and profitability, and securing a leading position in the intensively competitive and ever-
    changing market. Furthermore, the complementary downstream user bases of both parties, once being deeply
    integrated and shared, will accelerate the coverage and penetration of YSB in the small and medium-sized pharmacy
    chain market, injecting a strong catalyst into the expansion of our market share.




6   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                      Chairman’s Statement


BUILDING A NEW ECOSYSTEM OF CO-PROSPERITY BETWEEN COMMERCIAL AND SOCIAL
VALUE WITH DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY AS THE ENGINE

In 2024, we achieved deeper progress in our strategic layout for digital transformation and comprehensive
empowerment of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical services sector. We continuously refined and upgraded our
SaaS solutions tailored for pharmaceutical companies, merchants, pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions. By
integrating artificial intelligence, big data analytics and other technologies, we significantly enhanced the intelligent
performance of our systems and user satisfaction. We continued to focus on the needs of primary healthcare and
made a strong debut in the POCT auxiliary diagnosis market. We launched several point-of-care testing equipments
suitable for the usage scenarios of primary healthcare institutions and continued to create overall solutions for
“ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)” primary smart healthcare system. The overall solutions for “ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)”
primary smart healthcare system integrate “FutureClou (未來光譜)”, the point-of-care testing and monitoring devices,
“Cloud Consultation (光譜雲診)”, a SaaS digital clinic management system, and “ClouWiseDoctor (光譜智醫)”, an AI
doctors-aid system, fully empowering primary healthcare institutions and their doctors from hardware, software and
intelligent assistance perspectives, enabling rapid screening and diagnosis of common and chronic diseases, greatly
improving the efficiency and quality of primary healthcare services, facilitating the downward allocation of high-
quality medical resources, and contributing to a more balanced and efficient distribution of medical resources.

We continued to deepen our efforts in public welfare and social responsibilities, actively exploring ESG practices to
promote the high-quality development of the industry. Externally, we collaborated with industry partners to jointly
develop the “First-tier Electronic Data Exchange Standard (首營電子資料交換數據標準)”, contributing wisdom and
effort to advancing industry standardisation and digitisation. We made sustained investments in improving primary
healthcare levels, educating primary pharmaceutical workers and supporting public welfare education, working hand-
in-hand with various parties to fulfill social responsibilities with solid actions. Internally, we significantly reduced
carbon emissions and resource consumption in our operations by optimising the pharmaceutical supply chain,
promoting green packaging and adopting energy-saving technologies. At the same time, we further enhanced our
employee care programmes and implemented diversity and inclusion policies, providing employees with more career
development opportunities and training resources, ensuring their ample room for growth within the Company. Based
on these outstanding practices, we received various honors and awards during the Reporting Period, including “2024
Annual Capital Power Awards – Industry Influence Award (2024資本力量年度評選－行業影響力獎)”, “2024 Most
Socially Responsible Listed Company (2024最具社會責任上市公司)” and “2024 ESG Best Practice Enterprise in Social
Responsibility (2024年度ESG最佳社會責任實踐企業)”.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   7
    Chairman’s Statement


    Looking ahead to 2025, in the context of China’s accelerated efforts to build “Healthy China” and promote
    accessible healthcare, YSB will continue to strengthen and solidify the foundation of our existing Online Marketplace
    and Self-operation Business in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry. Meanwhile, we will persistently
    advance the widespread adoption and deep application of AI technology along the upstream and downstream of
    the pharmaceutical industry chain, striving to achieve a leap in service quality and fully empower our users, further
    unlocking potential growth drivers and expanding our development horizons. Leveraging our outstanding digital
    technologies and operational power, we will remain committed to delivering accessible, convenient and efficient
    healthcare service experiences to millions of merchants, pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions.

    While the dream may appear to be far beyond reach, it is still attainable with ceaseless endeavours. We would
    like to express our gratitude to our shareholders, partners, users, and various sectors of the community who have
    been accompanying the Company all the way with their long-term trust and support to YSB. It is your steadfast
    companionship and valuable suggestions that have enabled us to move forward in a challenging market environment.
    Going forward, we will continue to uphold the mission of “To make quality medical care and good medicine
    accessible to all (讓好醫好藥普惠可及)”, leveraging innovative technology to build new momentum for the high-
    quality development of the Company, creating greater value for shareholders and contributing more to society.




    Buzhen Zhang
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

    17 March 2025




8   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                        Business Outlook and Review


In 2024, Chinese government continued to promote the “Healthy China 2030 (健康中國2030)” strategy and the 14th
Five-Year Plan, introducing a number of supporting policies to encourage the digital and intelligent transformation of
the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. The promulgation of policies such as the “Guideline
to Advance High-quality Development of Service Consumption (《關於促進服務消費高質量發展的意見》)” has clarified
the functional positioning of retail pharmacies in health promotion, nutrition and health care. Consumers’ demand for
high-quality, personalised pharmaceutical products and services in chronic disease management, health and beauty
management continued to increase, creating new growth opportunities for the industry. In addition, policies are
driving the allocation of high-quality medical resources to grassroots levels, making the primary healthcare market a
new growth area for the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. Meanwhile, the strengthening of
the overall medical insurance policy and the enhanced supervision of the retail market are accelerating the industry
reform. Against this backdrop, the Company has closely followed the policy guidance, increased investment in
technological innovation, and deepened digital transformation. By continuously leveraging digital and intelligent
procurement to reduce costs and increase efficiency, accelerating digital and intelligent logistics, and iteratively
optimising digital and intelligent marketing, the Company has driven comprehensive business upgrades and built a
more complete service ecosystem for outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and healthcare.

During the Reporting Period, although we were challenged by the slowdown in the overall growth of the
pharmaceutical retail market, our business achieved steady growth. We have consistently enhanced user experience,
strengthened user loyalty and driven business growth by accurately understanding user needs, building a
comprehensive service ecosystem and continuously optimising through digital empowerment. As of 31 December
2024, our cumulative number of registered buyers was over 827,000, including 491,000 pharmacies and 330,000
primary healthcare institutions. During the Reporting Period, we had an average number of monthly active buyers
(“MAB”) of 433,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.0%. The average number of monthly paying buyers
(“MPB”) reached 401,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.2%. Our paying ratio, i.e. the proportion of
average number of MPB to average number of MAB, reached 92.7%, and the average number of orders per paying
buyer per month was around 28.5.

ONLINE MARKETPLACE

As a leading digital service platform for the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry in China, we continued to
strengthen the construction of our digital capabilities, optimise user experience, and solidify the platform’s service
offerings, further improving user satisfaction and market competitiveness.

During the Reporting Period, we comprehensively improved the diversity of products on our platform to cover
a wider range of customer needs and scenarios. Through big data analysis and user needs insight, our platform
meticulously curated product selections, optimised and expanded categories to ensure that listed products are
aligned with market demands. During the Reporting Period, the average monthly SKUs on the platform continued
to grow by approximately 400,000 to more than 3,900,000, greatly meeting the diverse needs of users. In response
to the consumption upgrading trend of traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”) decoction pieces, our platform has
comprehensively improved the scale and quality of the TCM decoction pieces business by optimising suppliers,
promoting Jinfang standards, and strengthening user education and coverage. During the Reporting Period,
we provided over 130,000 SKUs of TCM decoction pieces to our downstream customers with sales amounting
to approximately RMB2,073 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 62.8%. During the
Reporting Period, our platform established profound cooperative relationships with a number of well-known TCM
decoction pieces manufacturers to ensure stable product quality and supply continuity. By directly connecting with
TCM decoction pieces manufacturers, our platform reduced intermediate links, lowered costs, and simultaneously
guaranteed the high quality of products. The platform rigorously adheres to stringent quality control standards for
TCM decoction pieces, and has completed the formulation of a total of 271 Jinfang standards as of 31 December
2024.



                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   9
     Business Outlook and Review


     At the same time, we are always committed to building a more prosperous and diverse user ecosystem. On one
     hand, we have successfully attracted a large number of high-quality third-party sellers to join the platform through
     operational strategy support, technical empowerment and ecological co-construction, and helped them achieve
     business growth through a complete service system. On the other hand, we have enhanced user experience across
     all dimensions by optimising platform functions and conducting diverse marketing activities. The influence of the
     platform among downstream user groups continues to rise, and user activity and loyalty have increased significantly.
     As of the end of 2024, we attracted 15,000 upstream sellers and over 820,000 downstream buyers to transact on our
     platform.

     We charge upstream sellers a commission based on a certain percentage of their sales on our Online Marketplace.
     The average Online Marketplace commission rate we charged was 3.2% and 3.3% for 2023 and 2024, respectively.
     Accordingly, our Online Marketplace provides subsidies in the form of coupon to our downstream buyers. Our Online
     Marketplace subsidy ratio was 0.6% for 2024, which was on a par with 2023, without compromising platform retention
     rate and transaction level.

     GENERAL SELF-OPERATION BUSINESS

     During the Reporting Period, we focused on comprehensive advancement in the four core dimensions of “more,
     quicker, better, and economical”, continuously enhancing the operating capabilities of our Self-operation Business
     and achieving steady development in this segment. The business is conducted through our self-operated online
     digital stores, which is committed to providing convenient, efficient and high-quality medical and health services to
     downstream users.

     In the dimension of “more”, we further refined the overall category layout of our Self-operation Business during
     the Reporting Period. Based on the transaction history on our Online Marketplace and underpinned by our big
     data analysis of buyers’ demand and transaction preference, we are able to make procurement decisions based on
     downstream demand, select SKUs with higher frequencies of purchase and better quality, and exercise a higher level
     of quality control over products on our own. We not only further introduced treatment drugs for various common
     diseases, but also enriched related categories such as medical devices and tonics to meet the diversified health
     procurement needs of downstream users. By establishing partnerships with more high-quality suppliers, we have
     continuously expanded our product categories, offering users a broader selection. As of 31 December 2024, the
     number of suppliers of our Self-operation Business amounted to 11,600, representing an increase of over 1,100
     suppliers as compared to the same period of last year. During the Reporting Period, our Self-operation Business
     provided an average monthly SKUs of 350,000 to downstream buyers, representing an increase of 9,000 as compared
     to the same period of last year.




10   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                          Business Outlook and Review


“Quicker” is reflected in the continuous optimisation of our smart supply chain system during the Reporting Period.
We have established efficient procurement, warehousing and logistics and distribution systems to achieve rapid
performance in relation to medical and health products. We have further improved logistics efficiency and achieved
faster order processing and distribution, especially in remote areas and grassroots markets, which has significantly
improved distribution efficiency and met the immediate needs of end users. During the Reporting Period, we
achieved an average warehouse dispatch time of around 3 hours, with inter-provincial delivery of around 38 hours
for cities and around 49 hours for towns. As the intra-city delivery business became increasingly mature, we have
launched intra-city delivery services in certain cities where our main warehouses are located and in surrounding cities.
We established a logistics platform to organise vehicles and monitor the services and efficiency of the entire process
covering loading, transportation and delivery. As of 31 December 2024, we had opened a total of over 146 logistics
routes across 15 cities nationwide, and achieved half-day delivery and same-day delivery for intra-city orders. Thanks
to the optimised route planning and improved delivery efficiency, the per-unit fulfilment costs of our self-operation
warehouses for intra-city (equal to the sum of the total delivery charges per delivery shift/the number of users in a
single delivery shift) has dropped by 12.87%. In terms of delivery efficiency, the proportion of orders were delivered
within only half a day from placement of orders to delivery has increased from 58.6% for 2023 to 68.9% for 2024. Such
fast and fabulous procurement experience significantly increased the variety and frequency of purchases from our
downstream customers. Moreover, we have also piloted the delivery services via medical cold chains in Guangzhou
and Foshan, where 93.5% of orders were delivered within only half a day from placement of orders to delivery, further
increasing the coverage and speed of our supply to downstream users.

“Better” is the bottom line of quality that we always adhere to. Starting from the source of pharmaceutical and
health product procurement, we rigorously control quality by partnering with suppliers that have comprehensive
qualifications and good reputation. During the Reporting Period, we further upgraded our supplier service platform
and successfully achieved data interaction with the internal systems of the Company, ensuring real-time updates and
sharing of key data such as supplier information, order information, and order status. The platform promoted the
flow and sharing of information among various nodes in the supply chain, and improved the response speed and
flexibility of the overall supply chain. Meanwhile, we have optimised the service efficiency of the flow management
system and achieved full traceability of pharmaceutical and healthcare product sales channels to ensure their safety
and compliance. Thanks to this stringent control of quality, our product return rate continued to decline during the
Reporting Period, representing a decrease from 0.5% for the same period of last year to 0.4%.

“Economical” is an important manifestation of the value we create for users. During the Reporting Period, we further
strengthened the direct supply model from manufacturers. By purchasing directly with manufacturers, we continued
to optimise procurement channels and reduce operating costs, enabling us to provide pharmaceutical and healthcare
products to downstream users at more competitive prices. During the Reporting Period, we carried out official group
cooperation with leading pharmaceutical manufacturers such as CR Sanjiu (華潤三九), Huahai Pharmaceutical (華海
藥業), and Hengrui Pharmaceuticals to shorten the supply chain from pharmaceutical manufacturers directly to the
extensive outside-of-hospital market. Through cooperation with CR Sanjiu (華潤三九), we provided users with more
cost-effective and channel-focused exclusive products. By deepening our partnership with Qilu Pharmaceutical (齊
魯製藥), we have introduced more high-quality medications from Qilu Pharmaceutical, opening up a high-efficiency
and cost-effective channel from pharmaceutical companies to end users. In addition, we have also launched a series
of promotional activities such as free shipping for single items and subsidies from pharmaceutical companies, and a
membership system, allowing downstream users to enjoy premium services at a more affordable price.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   11
     Business Outlook and Review


     TARGETED PRODUCT LAUNCH BUSINESS

     Leveraging years of deep experience and keen insight in both Online Marketplace and General Self-operation
     Business, we are able to accurately identify products with broad market demand prospects. Based on such insight, on
     one hand, we actively sought to establish in-depth cooperation with pharmaceutical companies, aiming to promote
     their products customised for downstream needs to a broader market, thereby turning potential market opportunities
     into sales performance. On the other hand, leveraging the brand influence and channel advantages we have built, we
     strategically promoted the expansion of our own brand “Leyaoshi” products, and committed to launching our own
     brand products with high-quality and diverse categories that closely meet the market demand in order to meet the
     diversified needs of a wider range of downstream users. Through this dual-drive approach, we not only created value
     for our partners, but also provided downstream users with higher quality and more diverse pharmaceutical and health
     product options, continuously driving the Company’s business growth. With the accelerated coverage of the products
     of our exclusive strategic partnership brands and our own brand “Leyaoshi” in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical
     market, we significantly enhanced our brand influence, strengthened our market competitiveness and further
     expanded our market share. During the Reporting Period, the financial results of Yikuai Pharmaceutical in December
     2024 had been consolidated, and its core business had been included in the Targeted Product Launch Business. The
     transaction amounts of our Targeted Product Launch Business totaled to RMB1,157 million, representing a year-on-
     year increase of 5.8%.

     In the process of synergistic development with the partner pharmaceutical companies which carried out our Targeted
     Product Launch Business, we developed a comprehensive, refined and professional service system with our profound
     industry insight and professional ability. We integrated online and offline resources and planned comprehensive
     promotional activities to rapidly increase product awareness and market popularity. Meanwhile, we have set up an
     efficient market feedback mechanism to continuously track product performance and gather feedback from end
     users. Based on the market dynamics and competitive situation, we promptly adjusted our marketing strategies,
     providing comprehensive strategic support to our partner pharmaceutical companies from brand communication
     and channel expansion to promotion planning. During the Reporting Period, we collaborated with approximately 500
     pharmaceutical companies to launch promotion campaigns, covering 11 products each with sales exceeding RMB10
     million.

     During the Reporting Period, we focused the strategic layout of our Targeted Product Launch Business on expanding
     the coverage of our exclusive strategic partnership brands and our own brands (including “Leyaoshi” and the
     own brands of Yikuai Pharmaceutical) in downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions, driving deep
     penetration of our brand influence. As of 31 December 2024, the number of SKUs for the products under our
     exclusive strategic partnership brands and own brands was more than 830, with a growth of over 720 in 2024. In 2024,
     the transaction amounts of our exclusive strategic partnership brands and own brands amounted to RMB651 million,
     representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 152% and an increase from approximately 24% for 2023 to
     approximately 56% of the transaction amounts of our Targeted Product Launch Business.




12   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                        Business Outlook and Review


In terms of the expansion of our own brands, by upholding quality and safety and based on the actual needs of
downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions, we are committed to continuously identifying products
with the potential to become channel bestsellers and comprehensively enhancing the product coverage of our own
brands and use these measures as the key to differentiating ourselves from competition and enhancing profitability.
Meanwhile, we utilise digital marketing to promote the brand concept and product advantages of our own brands
through channels such as targeted advertising, social media platforms, and collaboration with benchmark offline
image stores. As of 31 December 2024, the number of products under our own brands exceeded 760, which signifies
a better product ecosystem with our efforts. We has successfully become a new force in terminal pharmaceutical sales
with an accumulated number of over 370,000 purchasing customers. During the Reporting Period, the transaction
amounts of our brand products soared by approximately 220% year-on-year, and accounted for approximately 44%
of the transaction amounts of our Targeted Product Launch Business. Among which, the key single product “Leyaoshi
Huoxiang Zhengqi Kou Fu Ye (樂藥師藿香正氣口服液)” launched in 2024 had covered 115,000 end users and
achieved annual sales of more than RMB38 million.

In order to accelerate the business development of our own brands, we entered into a transaction agreement for
the acquisition of 100% equity interest in “Yikuai Pharmaceutical” at a total consideration of RMB1,035 million by
way of shares issuance and partial cash payment and completed the main settlement for the acquisition during
the Reporting Period. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 15 October 2024, 28
October 2024 and 26 November 2024 (collectively the “2024 Announcements”). This acquisition marked a key step
towards the Company’s “Go Upstream (向上走)” strategy aiming at the efficient resource integration and strength
complementarity of both parties, which further enriched the Company’s product and service portfolio, particularly the
significant improvement in the synergies in drug categories, supply chain capabilities, and market coverage. As of 31
December 2024, “Yikuai Pharmaceutical” had a total of 8 sub-brands, comprising Yuandian (元典), Antaibang (安泰邦),
Futai (輔太), Peitong (培彤), Duoweijia (多維佳), Shizhenling (時珍令), BoWei (博為), XinglinTai (杏林泰) and its major
purchasers are chain pharmacies, which has effectively injected new vitality into the development of our Targeted
Product Launch Business and accelerated the breakthrough of our Targeted Product Launch Business in terms of
product development, marketing and channel penetration. This not only deepened the layout of our pharmaceutical
industry chain, but also significantly enhanced our core competitiveness in the industry, facilitating the Company’s
moves in tapping into higher value-added sectors and driving its high-quality growth and construction of a closed-
loop industry ecosystem.

OTHER BUSINESSES

ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)

In the context of the digital revolution transforming the healthcare industry, we have continued to strive to improve
the diagnosis and treatment capability of primary care doctors, assist them in expanding their service offerings, and
enhance their comprehensive service capabilities. During the Reporting Period, we launched comprehensive solutions
for “ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)” primary smart healthcare system, which integrated “FutureClou (未來光譜)” series
products, the advanced point-of-care testing and monitoring devices, “Cloud Consultation SaaS (光譜雲診SaaS)”, a
digital clinic management system, and “ClouWiseDoctor (光譜智醫)”, a smart AI doctors-aid system. By focusing on
equipment upgrades, management efficiency improvements, as well as diagnosis and treatment empowerment, we
aim to comprehensively improve the operational standards of primary healthcare institutions and the professional
skills of primary care doctors.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   13
     Business Outlook and Review


     Leveraging our platform’s vast user base and extensive market data, we have accurately identified potential demands
     within common and critical application scenarios in primary healthcare, such as disease prevention, acute disease
     treatment, chronic disease rehabilitation, severe disease screening, as well as epidemic monitoring and treatment.
     Based on these precise insights, we launched three “FutureClou (未來光譜)” series point-of-care testing devices
     in August 2024, namely Clou Immuno Cube (光譜免疫小方盒), Clou Chronic Disease Analyzer (光譜慢病檢測儀),
     and Clou Micro Hematology Analyzer (光譜微型血球儀). These devices feature immediate testing, multi-parameter
     analysis, compact size, and ease of operation, significantly enhancing the efficiency of primary healthcare testing
     and quickly gaining market recognition. Within just about four months from their launches to 31 December 2024,
     these three devices covered more than 11,000 end users and have more than 14,000 units being put into use with
     their powerful functions and excellent performance. They played a crucial role in various diagnostic and treatment
     scenarios, such as chronic disease monitoring, acute infection diagnosis, and respiratory pathogen diagnosis,
     effectively empowering primary healthcare services. By providing more comprehensive and accurate diagnostic
     information, these devices facilitated precise medication use by primary care doctors, thereby improving the quality
     and effectiveness of primary healthcare services and safeguarding the health of general grass-roots patients.

     We continued to optimise and upgrade the “Cloud Consultation (光譜雲診)” SaaS service for primary healthcare
     institutions. Focusing on intelligence and convenience, the service integrated features such as quick clinical
     reception, consultation and prescription, patient management, and pharmaceuticals management, and connected
     to the local medical insurance system, providing a comprehensive digital solution for primary healthcare institutions
     and enhancing the operational and management efficiency of primary healthcare institutions. Such services have
     been well received by many clients including Western medical clinics, Chinese medical clinics and combined
     medical clinics. As of 31 December 2024, there were more than 660 paying users of “Cloud Consultation”. During
     the Reporting Period, we accelerated the integration and development of the medical insurance and healthcare
     inspection system in our pilot cities, and completed the integration with the medical insurance system in Guangdong,
     Shandong and Jilin provinces, and the integration with the healthcare inspection system in Guangzhou, Shenzhen
     and Foshan.

     Other SaaS solutions

     During the Reporting Period, we always focused on enhancing operational efficiency of the upstream and
     downstream participants in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry chain, and continued to optimise the
     synergy effect of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical ecosystem through digital empowerment and innovative
     services.

     We constantly upgraded the “CloudComm” SaaS service for upstream sellers to digitally upgrade their
     inventory management, order processing, market analysis, etc., and improved operational efficiency and market
     responsiveness. Supported by accurate data insights and smart supply chain, we helped our upstream partners
     reduce their operating costs and expand market coverage. As of 31 December 2024, we provided the service to over
     8,400 sellers, representing an increase of approximately 1,400 sellers during the Reporting Period.




14   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                          Business Outlook and Review


We continued to refine our “ePalm” SaaS service for downstream buyers, providing pharmacies and primary
healthcare institutions with one-stop purchasing, inventory management, sales analysis and other tools to achieve
efficient operations and accurate decision-making. Through in-depth application of digital tools, we empowered
downstream users to improve operational efficiency and optimise service quality. As of 31 December 2024, ePalm
provided the service to approximately 60,000 buyers, representing an increase of over 10,000 buyers during the
Reporting Period. ePalm also assisted buyers from 231 cities in connecting to social security departments. In
addition, the “PHDS Pharmacy Health Diagnosis System (PHDS藥房健康診斷系統)”, which was specially designed
for chain pharmacies by “Yikuai Pharmaceutical” under the Group, had been connected to more than 1,000 chain
headquarters. On the basis of data and algorithms, the “PHDS Pharmacy Health Diagnosis System” can accurately
target and identify problems through efficient multi-dimensional analysis and give optimisation suggestions based on
the analysis report, improving the operational efficiency and effectiveness of chain pharmacies.

YSB eLEARN

During the Reporting Period, we continued to make efforts in improving the service capability of pharmacists to
better meet the needs of end customers. Since 2015, we had innovatively introduced mobile pharmaceutical training
classrooms, aiming to strengthen the professional knowledge and practical skills of pharmacists through systematic
training. We offer comprehensive online training sessions covering pharmaceutical theory, clinical practice and
regulatory knowledge to help prospective pharmacists prepare for the Pharmacist Licensure Examination efficiently.
Meanwhile, we actively facilitated the communication among pharmaceutical companies and pharmacists, and
regularly invited well-known pharmaceutical companies to hold online introductory sessions to help pharmacists gain
an in-depth understanding of the latest pharmaceuticals information, clinical application and market dynamics, which
in turn enhances their professional judgment and services in practice. As of 31 December 2024, we provided online
training to approximately 299,000 pharmacists and prospective pharmacists.

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Our self-developed smart supply chain management system is an integral key player in the continuous expansion of
business scale. Relying on advanced algorithm technology and the profound insights accumulated from extensive
transacting on our Self-operation Business and Online Marketplace, we have successfully realised the in-depth
integration and comprehensive consolidation of the front and back ends of the supply chain, which covers the whole
process of procurement, warehousing and delivery, driving the intelligent upgrading and substantial enhancement of
the efficiency throughout the supply chain system. During the Reporting Period, we were able to guarantee an order
can be processed and completed for delivery with approximately 3 hours on average, much faster than the industry
level. During the Reporting Period, by leveraging on smart supply chain management, we maintained payable
turnover days at around 66.1 days, inventory turnover days at around 33.4 days and receivable turnover days at
around 1.3 days. Accordingly, our cash conversion cycle was around –31.5 days, and the operating cash flow remained
net inflow in the long run. The quick turnover business model not only significantly improves our cash management
efficiency, but also brings considerable idle cash to the platform, which greatly improves our liquidity and provides a
solid guarantee for us to safely and quickly scale up our business. Meanwhile, the availability of idle cash also brings
us extra revenue streams in addition to higher gross profit, further improving the overall profitability and driving the
sustainable development of our business.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   15
     Business Outlook and Review


     In terms of payment, our platform offers innovative supply chain financial services to downstream buyers. We use
     advanced digital technology to efficiently integrate business, logistics, information flow and capital, through which we
     have built a full-chain financial service ecosystem linking up upstream and downstream enterprises. With the support
     of our platform, third-party financial institutions offer tailor-made order financing products to downstream users,
     which ensures that loan funds are utilised according to their specific purposes and used only for the procurement
     on our platform, thereby enhancing the funds utilisation of downstream users and further promoting the value co-
     creation in the supply chain. During the Reporting Period, the number of downstream active users for order financing
     products was over 9,500; the cumulative lending amount was approximately RMB8,275 million, representing a year-
     on-year increase of 40.0%, of which the cumulative lending amount of order financing products from downstream
     chain pharmacy customers was approximately RMB6,516 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 42.8%.
     The supply chain financial business significantly relieved the pressure on capital turnover of downstream users by
     optimising their capital flow management, while boosting the willingness of chain pharmacies in purchasing on
     our platform. During the Reporting Period, the number of MPB from chain headquarters was over 4,800, and the
     purchases amount recorded a year-on-year increase of approximately 19%.

     BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

     Through years of dedication in the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical sector, we have accumulated extensive
     industry experience and developed precise market insights, efficient resource deployment and excellent customer
     service capabilities. Based on such core strengths, we have tailored our business development strategies in line with
     our own development and market needs. We have been closely monitoring the immense potential and opportunities
     in the market, while keeping track on regulatory policy changes to continuously optimise our strategic layout, in order
     to comply with the dual guidance of policy and market. This flexible and forward-looking strategy not only enables us
     to respond quickly to market changes, but also serves as a strong support for us to consistently expand our market
     share and consolidate our leading position in the industry. As of 31 December 2024, our business development team
     consisted of around 2,600 members, and we saw a further increase in staff efficiency of this team as compared to the
     same period of last year. Each member can manage approximately over 180 pharmacies on average, representing an
     increase of over 50 pharmacies as compared to the same period of last year. This development strategy is extremely
     effective. As of 31 December 2024, we covered 330,000 primary healthcare institution users, representing an increase
     of over 80,000 users as compared to the number of such users as of 31 December 2023. Moreover, our registered
     buyers covered 98.9% of counties and 91.2% of towns in China.

     PUBLIC WELFARE AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

     We have always incorporated the concept of sustainable development into our corporate DNA, and been active in
     fulfilling corporate social responsibility and committed to creating long-term value for society. During the Reporting
     Period, with the joint efforts from all departments, we officially established “Sudao Technology Welfare Association
     (速道科技公益社團)” as a concrete action to give back to society by making continuous endeavours in environmental
     protection, education and public welfare.

     In terms of environmental protection, we actively responded to the voluntary tree-planting activities of the Ecological
     Construction of Green Beauty Guangdong (綠美廣東生態建設), we donated bundles of osmanthus fragrans saplings as
     a solid action of “greening the world by tree-planting (植樹護綠)”, making contribution to the Ecological Construction
     of Green Beauty Guangdong.




16   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                         Business Outlook and Review


In terms of charity activities for education, we initiated a book donation activity where staff from all departments of
the Company were invited to deliver warmth through Mutian Charity (幕天公益) by sending books to children from
villages. We participated in the public welfare project of “One Kilogram Box (一公斤盒子)” organised by Liepin to
provide diverse teaching toolkits to the schools and students in need. We also made donations to the Green & Shine
Foundation (桂馨基金會) on a quarterly basis to support the improvement of China’s rural education environment,
helping education welfare and improving the educational conditions for rural teachers and students.

In terms of public welfare activities, we donated funds to sponsor rural revitalisation activities and continued to
explore diversified paths for assistance. We joined hands with our partners to initiate promotional activities for
agriculture charity, making practical initiatives to contribute to rural revitalisation. We also provide “Leyaoshi
Huoxiang Zhengqi Kou Fu Ye” and refreshing drinks to social workers who work under high temperature to safeguard
their health.

OUTLOOK

As a leader in the digital ecosystem construction of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry, we will navigate
amidst the waves of digital transformation of outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical by virtue of our profound industry
accumulation as well as our outstanding technological innovation capability. We will further deepen the synergistic
cooperation with all participants in the industry chain, comprehensively improve the operational efficiency of
all participants in the industry chain, and promote digital and intelligent upgrading in the outside-of-hospital
pharmaceutical industry, with a view to making the pharmaceutical resources accessible to all and the sustainable
development of the industry ecosystem.

In terms of Online Marketplace, we will shoulder the responsibility of promoting the development of the industry and
fostering the growth of our partners, aiming to build a more comprehensive and efficient digital operation system for
upstream sellers. We will empower merchants from all aspects, from accurate market trend insights, efficient inventory
management to customised marketing and promotional strategy development, to support them in achieving solid
growth in a highly competitive market. In addition, we will continuously strive to optimise our product supply system,
enrich product categories and introduce more quality and innovative pharmaceutical products and health services
to meet user needs in a one-stop manner. In terms of TCM decoction pieces, a key sector for expansion, we will
actively strengthen in-depth strategic cooperation with leading enterprises in production areas to jointly deliver
authentic medicinal decoction pieces with ultimate cost-effective prices. With respect to quality control, we adhere
to the principle of “authenticity + superiority over ordinary goods (保真+優於統貨)”, and collaborate with third-
party merchants to launch Jinfang standards, together create a system of Jinfang graded products, and construct a
comprehensive product gradient.

In terms of General Self-operation Business, we are committed to further maximising the advantages of our smart
supply chain management system, continuously optimising our warehousing network and logistics distribution
system, in order to enhance the overall operational efficiency and user experience. We will continue to strengthen
collaboration with key pharmaceutical leading enterprises to enrich product matrix and enhance cooperation results.
Meanwhile, we will gradually carry out the piloting of local self-operation models to create self-operation exclusive
areas and half-day speedy delivery experience for local downstream users so as to continuously improve user
satisfaction.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   17
     Business Outlook and Review


     In terms of Targeted Product Launch Business, we will establish a stronger upstream cooperation ecosystem through
     in-depth cooperation with upstream pharmaceutical enterprises and suppliers to create the distinctive advantages
     of Targeted Product Launch Business for a win-win situation for all parties concerned. At the same time, we will also
     keep on expanding the product mix of our own brand “Leyaoshi” and the own brand of “Yikuai Pharmaceutical”
     under the Group to facilitate brand growth. We build a brand benchmark by focusing on market demand to create
     key single products under our Targeted Product Launch Business with high growth potential; promote scale sales of
     best-selling products by developing cost-effective best-selling products; and forge differentiated competitive edges
     by launching quality and high value-added exclusive products. We will progressively build a product matrix covering
     multiple categories and scenarios, thereby continuously expanding the footprint and influence of our own brands.

     In terms of other businesses, taking technology investment as the core driving force, we will promote full release
     of the potential of digitalisation and AI technology application through the in-depth integration of advanced AI
     capabilities with our SaaS product matrix, thereby further optimising supply chain management, enhancing the
     operational efficiency of pharmacies and clinics, and promoting primary smart healthcare services, to create a
     smarter, more efficient and user-friendly business ecosystem. Meanwhile, in order to accelerate the improvement
     in primary medical testing level, we will continue to upgrade “FutureClou (未來光譜)” series diagnostic-aid devices
     according to the actual primary healthcare needs. By constantly establishing testing projects and device iterative
     feedback mechanism, we will optimise testing projects and device functions, and continue to enrich testing projects
     in different diagnosis and treatment scenarios.

     In the longer term, we will maintain a strategic vision and prudent attitude to actively promote industry chain
     investments and merger and acquisition deployment in order to bring new momentum to the Company’s long-term
     development, achieve strategic upgrading towards ecology and diversification, and build a comprehensive and
     synergistic pharmaceutical and healthcare industrial ecosystem.




18   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis


REVENUE

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB17,903.6 million, representing an
increase of 5.5% as compared with RMB16,972.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase in
revenue was mainly attributable to the continued steady development of the Self-operation Business during the
Reporting Period.

The Group’s revenue from the Self-operation Business increased from RMB16,036.2 million for the year ended 31
December 2023 to RMB16,972.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily attributable to enlarged
buyer base and the continuous optimization of buyers’ experience such as logistics and customer services. The
number of MPB of our Self-operation Business recorded a continuous and stable increase as compared with the same
period of last year.

The Group’s revenue from the Online Marketplace increased slightly from RMB873.1 million for the year ended 31
December 2023 to RMB881.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily attributable to the increased
commission rate. During the Reporting Period, the commission rate applied to third-party sellers increased slightly
from 3.2% to 3.3% as compared with the same period of last year due to the increase in the percentage of high-fee
businesses of the Online Marketplace.

The Group’s revenue from the other businesses decreased by 21.1% from RMB62.9 million for the year ended 31
December 2023 to RMB49.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly attributable to the adjustment of
the operation/service model of ClouDiagnos.

COST OF SALES

The Group’s cost of sales increased by 5.6% from RMB15,231.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
RMB16,090.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to the increase in sales of our Self-operation
Business.

The cost of sales of the Group’s Self-operation Business increased by 5.8% from RMB15,054.1 million for the year
ended 31 December 2023 to RMB15,929.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase in cost of sales
for the year ended 31 December 2024 was primarily due to the growth of purchase demand from buyers, as a result
of which we increased the procurement of pharmaceutical products accordingly.

The cost of sales of the Group’s Online Marketplace slightly decreased by 0.4% from RMB146.6 million for the year
ended 31 December 2023 to RMB146.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly due to a lower average
overall transaction processing fee rate.

The cost of sales of the Group’s other businesses decreased significantly by 50.7% from RMB30.6 million for the year
ended 31 December 2023 to RMB15.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly due to the decrease in
costs in relation to ClouDiagnos.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

     As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s gross profit increased steadily by 4.2% from RMB1,740.9 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2023 to RMB1,813.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The Group’s gross profit
     margin decreased from 10.3% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to 10.1% for the year ended 31 December 2024,
     mainly due to the increased proportion of the revenue of Self-operation Business, which generally has a lower gross
     profit margin than other businesses.

     The gross profit margin for the Group’s Self-operation Business recorded an increase from 6.1% for the year ended
     31 December 2023 to 6.2% for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to the implementation of the “Go
     Upstream” (向上走) strategy by gradually increasing the percentages of the exclusive strategic partnership brands
     and our own brand in our product pipeline, both of which have much higher gross margin than other products.

     The gross profit margin for the Group’s Online Marketplace increased from 83.2% for the year ended 31 December
     2023 to 83.4% for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly attributable to (i) the increase in usage of the low-fee
     transaction channels; and (ii) the slightly increase in the commission rate.

     The gross profit margin for the Group’s other businesses increased from 51.3% for the year ended 31 December
     2023 to 69.6% for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly due to the year-on-year growth of revenue of our SaaS
     solution, which has a higher gross profit, and the corresponding increase of its proportion of revenue.

     SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

     The Group’s selling and marketing expenses increased by 5.3% from RMB1,387.3 million for the year ended 31
     December 2023 to RMB1,461.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly due to the increase in salaries
     and welfare benefits as we continue to expand our business operations. Fulfillment expenses decreased slightly
     by 0.8% from RMB314.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB312.3 million for the year ended 31
     December 2024, among which logistics expenses decreased from RMB234.2 million for the year ended 31 December
     2023 to RMB232.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. Although the Group’s selling and marketing
     expenses had increased during the Reporting Period, due to the corresponding growth in the Group’s overall
     revenue, the selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of the Group’s revenue remained stable.

     GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

     The Group’s administrative expenses increased by 6.4% from RMB332.6 million for the year ended 31 December
     2023 to RMB354.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly due to the increase in general corporate
     expenses, which includes professional services fees incurred in connection with our compliance with the Listing Rules,
     and acquisition-related expenses incurred in relation to our acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. Although general
     and administrative expenses had increased during the Reporting Period, it remained stable as a percentage of the
     Group’s revenue.

     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

     The Group’s research and development expenses increased by 0.6% from RMB93.6 million for the year ended 31
     December 2023 to RMB94.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily attributable to the increase in
     equity-settled share-based payment expenses.




20   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


OTHER INCOME

The Group’s other income increased from RMB87.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB91.2
million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in bank interest
income and investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, but offset by the decrease in
government grants.

OTHER GAINS/LOSSES (NET)

The Group recorded net other gains of RMB30.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 as compared to net
other gains of RMB0.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase was primarily due to the gains from
changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

CHANGES IN FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND
LOSS

The Group’s changes in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss resulted in a loss of
RMB3,171.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 and nil for the year ended 31 December 2024. After
the completion of the Global Offering in 2023, all of such redeemable convertible preferred shares had been
automatically converted to our shares, and we will no longer recognize any further change in fair value in respect of
them. The fair value of each of redeemable convertible preferred share on the conversion date is the offer price in the
Global Offering.

FINANCE COSTS

Finance costs increased by 13.0% from RMB10.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB11.3 million for
the corresponding period in 2024 due to the increase in interest expense on discounted note receivables.

PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s profit for the year amounted to RMB15.1 million for the year ended 31
December 2024, as compared with a loss of RMB3,206.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. We, for the
first time, have achieved profitability for the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     NON-IFRS MEASURE

     In evaluating our business, we consider and use (i) Adjusted Net Profit; and (ii) Adjusted Net Profit margin as
     supplemental measures to review and assess our operating performance. The presentation of these non-IFRS financial
     measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the financial information prepared and
     presented in accordance with IFRS. We define Adjusted Net Profit as profit/loss for the year adding back (i) changes
     in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) equity-settled share-based payment expenses;
     (iii) listing expenses; and (iv) acquisition-related expenses. We define Adjusted Net Profit margin as adjusted net
     profit divided by revenue. We present these non-IFRS financial measures because they are used by our management
     to evaluate our operating performance and formulate business plans. Accordingly, we believe that the use of these
     non-IFRS financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating
     our operating results in the same manner as our management and Board. These non-IFRS financial measures are
     not defined under IFRS and are not presented in accordance with IFRS. These non-IFRS financial measures have
     limitations as an analytical tool. Further, these non-IFRS measures may differ from the non-IFRS information used by
     other companies, including peer companies, and therefore its comparability may be limited. These non-IFRS financial
     measures should not be considered in isolation or construed as alternatives to profit/loss or any other measure of
     performance. Investors are encouraged to review our historical non-IFRS financial measures in light of the most
     directly comparable IFRS measures, as shown below. The non-IFRS financial measures presented here may not be
     comparable to similarly titled measure presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled
     measures differently, limiting the usefulness of such measures when analysing our data comparatively. We encourage
     you to review our financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure.

     The Adjusted Net Profit, which is unaudited, represents profit/loss for the year adding back (i) changes in fair
     value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) equity-settled share-based payment expenses;
     (iii) listing expenses; and (iv) acquisition-related expenses. The Adjusted Net Profit of the Group increased from
     RMB130.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB156.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,
     representing a year-on-year growth of 20.1%.

     The following table reconciles our Adjusted Net Profit from the most directly comparable financial measure
     calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS (profit/loss for the year).

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                              (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)


      Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                  15,081              (3,206,507)
      Add back:
      Changes in fair value of financial liabilities at
         fair value through profit or loss                                                             –               3,171,903
      Equity-settled shared-based payment expenses                                               137,692                 118,278
      Listing expenses                                                                                 –                  46,868
      Acquisition-related expenses                                                                 3,961                       –
      Adjusted Net Profit, a non-IFRS measure                                                    156,734                 130,542
      Adjusted Net Profit margin, a non-IFRS measure                                               0.9%                    0.8%


     Adjusted Net Profit is not a measure of performance under IFRS. The use of the Adjusted Net Profit has material
     limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact our profit/loss for the relevant period.




22   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


LIQUIDITY AND SOURCE OF FUNDING AND BORROWING

The Group financed its operating and investing activities mainly through cash generated from capital contribution
from shareholders and operating activities. Our cash and cash equivalents are represented by cash and bank balances
and time deposits with original maturity of three months or less.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased significantly by 39.6% from RMB745.7
million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB1,041.2 million. The increase of cash and cash equivalents for the year ended
31 December 2024 primarily resulted from a higher turnover efficiency of working capital.

The following table sets forth our cash flows for the year indicated:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                   (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)


 Net cash generated from operating activities                                         655,858                 451,202
 Net cash used in investing activities                                               (253,579)               (792,946)
 Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                              (109,805)                255,343
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                 292,474                  (86,401)
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                               745,693                 835,394
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                3,061                    (3,300)
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                   1,041,228                 745,693


The Group adopts a prudent financial management approach for its cash management policy to ensure that
the Group’s liquidity structure, comprising assets, liabilities and other commitments, is able to always meet its
capital requirements. Going forward, we believe our liquidity requirements will be satisfied by using funds from a
combination of cash generated from operating activities, external borrowings, net proceeds from the Global Offering
and other funds raised from the capital markets from time to time.

NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

For the year ended 31 December 2024, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB655.9 million, mainly
attributable to our profit before tax of RMB14.4 million for the period, as adjusted by (i) non-cash and non-operating
items, which primarily comprised equity-settled share-based payment expenses of RMB137.7 million; and (ii) changes
in working capital, which were mainly due to the increase in trade and other payables of RMB374.0 million and
decrease in inventories of RMB150.1 million.

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES

For the year ended 31 December 2024, net cash used in investing activities was RMB253.6 million. It was mainly
due to proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB12,269.6 million and the
withdrawal of time deposits of RMB1,020.8 million during the Reporting Period. This was offset by the purchase
of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB12,075.0 million, the placement of time deposits of
RMB1,266.4 million and net cash outflow on the acquisition of subsidiaries of RMB263.0 million.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, net cash used in financing activities was RMB109.8 million, which was
     mainly attributable to (i) repayment of lease liabilities; and (ii) net increase of bank borrowings on discounted note
     receivables during the Reporting Period.

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

     The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a
     value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2024) for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

     On 15 October 2024 (after trading hours of the Stock Exchange), (i) the Company, (ii) GD Venture Ltd., Paul Sprint
     Ltd, JFC Venture Ltd, Cenova China Healthcare Fund V, L.P., Cherubic Ventures Fund IV, L.P., CVP INTERNATIONAL
     INC., Cherubic Ventures SSG XIV Ltd., Jianqiao OneK Investment Limited* (康橋資本), I-Bridge II Investment OneK
     Limited, Atum Ventures Limited, HSG Seed I Holdco, Ltd., D Healthcare 1 Limited, Xiamen Meihua Shengshi Equity
     Investment Limited Partnership* (廈門梅花盛世股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）), Yikuaiyiyao Jiuhe Holdings Limited,
     HT Darwin Capital, G.P., Chan Chiu Fan Wesleyjack (陳昭帆) and YK United Limited (collectively, the “Sellers”), (iii)
     Gao Bo (高博), Ouyang Peng (歐陽鵬) and He Yu (何雨), (iv) Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd. (the “Target Company”),
     the Hunan Folding Space Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (湖南空間折疊醫藥有限責任公司), Hunan Folding Space Internet
     Technology Co., Ltd.* (湖南空間折疊互聯網科技有限公司) and Hunan Yikuai Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.*
     (湖南一塊醫藥科技有限公司), (v) Ningbo Dade Hongyi Investment Center (Limited Partnership)* (寧波大得宏毅投資中
     心（有限合夥）) and (vi) Shenzhen Dezhiqing Investment Co., Ltd.* (深圳市德之青投資有限公司) entered into a share
     purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Sellers have agreed to sell, and the Company has agreed to purchase the
     sale shares, collectively representing 100% of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Target Company, at a
     consideration of approximately RMB1,034.85 million. Further details of the aforementioned matter are set out in the
     2024 Announcements.

     Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
     Consolidated Affiliated Entities or associated companies for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     PLEDGE OF ASSETS

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s interest-bearing deposits of RMB1,490.2 million were used as pledge for the
     issuance of bank acceptance notes.

     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

     The Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2024.

     GEARING RATIO

     The Group’s gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. As of 31
     December 2024, as the Group had bank borrowings advance from discounted notes, its gearing ratio was 0.9% (as of
     31 December 2023: 3.1%).




24   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in this report and/or other announcements of the Company, there is no other significant events that
might affect the Group since the end of the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

After the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical, the Group added some employees. As at 31 December 2024, the
Group had 6,763 employees. The following table sets forth the total number of employees by function as at 31
December 2024:

                                                                                                          Number of
 Function                                                                                                 employees


 General and Administrative                                                                                     1,045
 Selling and Marketing                                                                                          3,014
 Operations                                                                                                     2,322
 Research and Development                                                                                         382


 Total                                                                                                          6,763

The Group believes in the importance of attraction, recruitment and retention of quality employees in achieving
the Group’s success. Employees’ remuneration is determined in accordance with prevailing industry practice and
employees’ educational backgrounds, experience and performance. The remuneration policy and package of the
Group’s employees are periodically reviewed.

The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises competitive salaries, performance-based sales
commissions, performance-based cash bonuses and certain other incentives. In accordance with applicable PRC
regulations, the Group has made contributions to housing fund and various employee social security plans that are
organised by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, maternity,
work-related injury and unemployment benefit plans, at specified percentages of the salaries of our employees.
Bonuses and sales commissions are generally discretionary and based in part on employee performance and in part
on the overall performance of our business.

The Company also has adopted two share incentive plans, the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive
Plan to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General
Information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further details of the share incentive plans.

The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB1,120.4 million, as
compared to RMB1,064.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

The eligible employees of the Company’s subsidiaries in PRC are members of pension schemes operated by local
government of the PRC. The subsidiaries in the PRC are required to contribute a certain percentage of the relevant
cost of payroll of these employees to the pension schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group
with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make specified contributions. The Company does not operate any
other defined contribution schemes, and as such, there is no forfeited contributions.

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group did not experience any significant labour disputes or any difficulty
in recruiting employees.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the transactions were
     settled in Renminbi (“RMB”), the Company’s primary Consolidated Affiliated Entities’ functional currency. We are
     exposed to foreign exchange risk arising mainly from bank balances and financial assets at fair value through profit
     or loss denominated in foreign currency of certain entities of the Group. The Group currently does not have a foreign
     currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor
     its foreign currency exposure and foreign exchange risk management strategies closely and will consider hedging
     significant foreign currency exposure should the need arises to minimise its foreign exchange risk.

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2024.




26   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                        Report of Directors


The Board is pleased to present this report of Directors together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for FY 2024.

OVERVIEW OF OUR BOARD

The Directors who held office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors

Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Fei Chen

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Ziyang Zhu

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Ms. Rong Shao
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao

Biographical details of the Directors are set out in “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. Save as
disclosed therein, none of the members of the Board is related to one another, including financial, business, family or
other material/relevant relationships.

In accordance with Article 15.1 of our articles of association, Mr. Fei Chen and Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun shall retire at our
upcoming annual general meeting. Each of these Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at our
upcoming annual general meeting.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   27
     Report of Directors


     OVERVIEW OF OUR COMPANY

     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 27 August 2018 as an exempted company with limited
     liability, and the Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date.

     Our Business

     We operate a digital pharmaceutical platform serving businesses outside of hospitals in China. We develop
     technology-backed solutions that connect and empower both upstream (including pharmaceutical companies,
     distributors and vendors) and downstream (including pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions. Primary
     healthcare institutions refer to downstream pharmaceutical retailer that is not a hospital or a pharmacy, including,
     but not limited to, a private clinic, township health centre, village clinic, and community medical institution) players
     in the pharmaceutical value chain, through our ecosystem. We achieve this through our two primary businesses: (a)
     Online Marketplace dedicated to registered pharmaceutical sellers and buyers to interact and transact with one
     another; and (b) Self-operation Business, in which we carefully select quality products and sell these to downstream
     pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions through our proprietary fulfilment system. Additionally, as part of
     our ecosystem, we operate add-on services and ancillary businesses, including ClouDiagnos, SaaS Solutions, and
     YSB eLearn to improve the operating efficiency of our upstream and the downstream customers and partners, and
     to empower pharmacies and primary healthcare with market insights and professional knowledge to enhance their
     service capability and quality.

     Subsidiaries

     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities

     During the Reporting Period, save for the Shares purchased through a trust for the purpose of satisfying grants
     made under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan as detailed in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements, neither
     the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or Consolidated Affiliated Entities purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including any sale of treasury shares (as defined under the Listing
     Rules)). As at 31 December 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

     Public Float

     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the
     date of this annual report, the Company had maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Listing
     Rules.




28   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                        Report of Directors


OVERVIEW OF OUR PERFORMANCE OVER THE REPORTING PERIOD

A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance and an indication of likely future
developments in the Group’s business is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement”, “Business Outlook
and Review” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report. Those discussions form part of this
report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the Reporting Period is set out in “Important
Events after the Reporting Period” in this annual report. An account of the Company’s key relationships with our
employees, customers and suppliers and others that have a significant impact on the Company is set out in page 31
of this annual report and will also be set out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” to be published
at the same time of this annual report.

Results of our Group

The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in this
annual report.

Financial Summary

A summary of the consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is
set out at pages 166 to 167 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the consolidated financial
statements.

Pre-emptive Rights

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands that
would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to Shareholders.

Tax Relief and Exemption

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to our Shareholders by reason of their holding
of our securities.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Reporting
Period are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

Share Capital and Shares Issued

The Company has one class of shares with a nominal or par value of US$0.0000025 each. Details of movements in the
share capital of the Company, and details of our shares issued, during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 27 to
the consolidated financial statements.

Debenture Issued

The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   29
     Report of Directors


     Equity-linked Agreements

     Save as disclosed in “Other Information – Share Incentive Plans” in this annual report, no equity-linked agreements
     were entered into by the Group, or existed during the Reporting Period.

     Final dividend

     The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.075 (equivalent to HK$0.081, which is based
     on the rate of HK$1 to RMB0.92298, being the average of central parity rates of Hong Kong dollars against RMB
     announced by the China Foreign Exchange Trade System under the authorisation of the People’s Bank of China on
     12 March, 13 March and 14 March 2025) per share for the year ended 31 December 2024. The final dividend is subject
     to the approval of the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) to be
     held on 21 May 2025 and the final dividend will be paid in Hong Kong dollars at HK$0.081 per share. For determining
     the entitlement to the final dividend (subject to approval by the Shareholders at the AGM), the register of members
     of the Company will be closed, from Tuesday, 27 May 2025 to Friday, 30 May 2025, both dates inclusive, during
     which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. The final dividend will be paid on or around 18 June 2025 to
     the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 30 May 2025. There was no
     arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend during the Reporting Period. It is
     expected that the Company will adopt a long-term stable cash dividend policy in case of sustained profitability in the
     future.

     Permitted Indemnity

     Pursuant to our articles of association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be
     indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained which they or any of
     them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices.

     Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force over the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out liability
     insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.

     Distributable Reserves

     As at 31 December 2024, the Company had distributable reserves of approximately RMB3,468.6 million.

     Bank Loans and Other Borrowings

     Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out in Note 26 to the
     consolidated financial statements.




30   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                         Report of Directors


Major Customers and Suppliers

We have a broad base of customers. During the Reporting Period, our major customers were mainly pharmaceutical
companies and large chain pharmacies. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the revenue generated from the
Group’s five largest customers combined accounted for less than 30% of the Group’s revenue in the same year.

Our suppliers are primarily pharmaceutical companies, pharmaceutical manufacturers or their distributors. For the
year ended 31 December 2024, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers combined accounted for less than
30% of the Group’s total purchases amount in the same year.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond
our control:

(a)    ability to accurately predict and effectively cater to changing preferences, particularly in terms of product
       offerings and supply, in relation to upstream and downstream players in the pharmaceutical value chain;

(b)    ability to protect, maintain and enhance our brand;

(c)    uncertainties with compliance with laws and regulations in the PRC and other jurisdictions relating to data
       privacy and security;

(d)    uncertainties with respect to the enactment, interpretation and implementation of certain laws, regulations
       and government policies in the PRC;

(e)    ability to effectively execute monetisation strategies;

(f)    competition with other business-to-business (B2B) pharmaceutical sales platforms and traditional
       pharmaceutical distributors;

(g)    risks related to industry, business, and operations.

The above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own investment
advisors before making any investment in our Shares.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   31
     Report of Directors


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     We are committed to furthering our social responsibility, namely in promoting employee benefits and development,
     and protecting the environment around us and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth.
     Further details are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which is published at the same time
     of this annual report.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     To the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and regulations
     that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During the Reporting Period, there was no
     material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.

     MATERIAL LITIGATION

     The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the Reporting Period. The Directors
     are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the
     Reporting Period.

     INFORMATION RELATING TO OUR DIRECTORS

     Directors’ Service Contracts

     Each of the Directors entered into an appointment service contract with the Company on 12 June 2023. Under the
     contracts, the term of the respective Director’s appointment shall be for an initial term of three years from the Listing
     Date or until the third annual general meeting of the Company after the Listing Date, whichever is sooner (subject to
     retirement as and when required under the Articles of Association). Either party may terminate the contract by giving
     not less than three months’ written notice.

     The above appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement of Directors under our articles of association.

     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at our upcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with
     members of the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation,
     other than statutory compensation.

     Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of Significance

     None of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly,
     in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of
     its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of FY 2024.




32   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                        Report of Directors


Directors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debenture

Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their
spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or
any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.

Emolument Policy and Directors’ Remuneration

In compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code, the Company has established a remuneration
committee to assist the Board in formulating remuneration policies. Remuneration is determined and recommended
based on each Director’s and senior management personnel’s qualification, position, and seniority. Their
remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from the Board’s remuneration committee. The
Directors and the senior management personnel are eligible participants of our share incentive plan (details of which
are summarised in “Other Information – Share Incentive Plans” in this annual report). Details of the remuneration of
the Directors and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the
Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group,
or as compensation for loss of office.

Over the Reporting Period, the aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances,
other allowances, and benefits in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for the Directors
was approximately RMB11.2 million (as set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements).

Competing interests

To the best knowledge and belief of the Directors, the Directors have no contracts of significance with us or have any
competing business which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

Management contracts

Save as disclosed in this annual report, no contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or
any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure
obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   33
     Report of Directors


     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     During the Reporting Period, the Group engaged in certain transactions with the following persons that constituted
     continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules.

      Name of connected person                                              Relationship


      Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Notes)                                              Executive Director, chief executive officer and substantial
                                                                            shareholder of our Company


     Set out below is a summary of the continuing connected transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period.

     Notes:

     1.       The Onshore Holdcos and their subsidiaries are collectively our Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The Onshore Holdcos are
              Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Sudao”) and Guangzhou Yaobang
              Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Yaobang”). The subsidiary of Guangzhou Sudao is
              Henan Subiao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (河南速標信息科技有限公司, “Henan Subiao”). The subsidiaries of Guangzhou
              Yaobang are Guangzhou Yuewei Medical Laboratory Co., Ltd. (廣州閱微醫學檢驗所有限公司, “Guangzhou Yuewei”) and Guangzhou
              Spectrum Health Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州光譜健康科技有限公司, “Guangzhou Spectrum”).

     2.       The registered shareholders of Guangzhou Sudao are Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director (as to 85.92%), Mr. Jiangwei Wang (as to 3.18%),
              Mr. Jiahao Shao (as to 0.92%), and Guangzhou Yaodao Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership), which is controlled
              by Mr. Zhang (as to 9.98%). Mr. Wang and Mr. Shao are independent third parties. The registered shareholder of Guangzhou
              Yaobang is Mr. Zhang.


     Contractual Arrangements

     We engage in certain activities that are subject to foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws and regulations.
     These activities are namely: (a) development and application of gene diagnosis and treatment technologies, which
     is prohibited from any foreign investment; and (b) value-added telecommunications, which requires EDI (electronic
     data interchange and transaction processing) and ICP (internet content provider) licences that are subject to foreign
     investment restrictions; entities holding these licences must be approved by the Ministry of Industry and Information
     Technology of the PRC (中華人民共和國工業和信息化部).

     As a result of these foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws and regulations, these businesses are operated
     by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, which are in turn, controlled by us and from which we derive the economic
     benefits through a series of contractual arrangements. These contractual arrangements are narrowly tailored to
     achieve our business purpose and minimise the potential for conflict with relevant PRC laws and regulations.

     Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements and actions taken to mitigate the risks

     We believe the following risks are associated with our contractual arrangements. Further details of these risks are set
     out in the “Risk Factors” section of the Prospectus.

     (a)      If the PRC government finds that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our businesses in
              China do not comply with PRC regulations on foreign investment in internet and other related businesses, or
              if these regulations or their interpretation change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be
              forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.




34   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                        Report of Directors


(b)   We rely on contractual arrangements with our consolidated affiliated entities and their shareholders for our
      operations in China, which may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership.

(c)   We may lose the ability to use and enjoy assets held by our consolidated affiliated entities that are important
      to our business if our consolidated affiliated entities declare bankruptcy or become subject to a dissolution or
      liquidation proceeding.

(d)   Contractual arrangements we have entered into with our consolidated affiliated entities may be subject to
      scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities. A finding that we owe additional taxes could negatively affect our financial
      condition and the value of your investment.

(e)   If the chops of our PRC subsidiaries, including our consolidated affiliated entities, are not kept safely, are
      stolen or are used by unauthorised persons or for unauthorised purposes, the corporate governance of these
      entities could be severely and adversely compromised.

(f)   Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to how the Foreign Investment Law may impact the viability of our
      current corporate structure and operations.

Summary of the agreements underlying our contractual arrangements

The contractual arrangements in place during the Reporting Period include:

(a)   an exclusive business cooperation agreement (獨家業務合作協議) dated 16 May 2022 entered into between
      Guangzhou Sudaoyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道易信息科技有限公司) (“Guangzhou Sudaoyi”)
      and Guangzhou Sudao.

(b)   an exclusive option agreement (獨家購買權合同) dated 16 May 2022 entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
      Guangzhou Sudao and its registered shareholders, Mr. Zhang Buzhen (張步鎮), Mr. Wang Jiangwei (汪薑
      維) (“Mr. Wang”), Mr. Shao Jiahao (邵佳豪) (“Mr. Shao”), and Guangzhou Yaodao Information Technology
      Partnership (Limited Partnership) (廣州藥道信息科技合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Guangzhou Yaodao” and
      collectively with Mr. Zhang, Mr. Wang and Mr. Shao, the “Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders”).

(c)   a share pledge agreement (股權質押合同), dated 16 May 2022, entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
      Guangzhou Sudao and each of Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders.

(d)   voting entrustment agreements (授權委託協議), each dated 16 May 2022 and entered into among Guangzhou
      Sudaoyi, Guangzhou Sudao and each of the Guangzhou Sudao Shareholders.

(e)   an exclusive business cooperation agreement (獨家業務合作協議) dated 16 May 2022 entered into between
      Guangzhou Sudaoyi and Guangzhou Yaobang.

(f)   an exclusive option agreement (獨家購買權合同) dated 16 May 2022 entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
      Guangzhou Yaobang and its registered shareholder, Mr. Zhang.

(g)   a share pledge agreement (股權質押合同), dated 16 May 2022, entered into among Guangzhou Sudaoyi,
      Guangzhou Yaobang and Mr. Zhang.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   35
     Report of Directors


     (h)     a voting entrustment agreement (授權委託協議), dated 16 May 2022 and entered into among Guangzhou
             Sudaoyi, Guangzhou Yaobang and Mr. Zhang.

     In FY 2024, the revenue contribution of our consolidated affiliated entities to the Group accounted for approximately
     5.21% of our total revenue (2023: 5.49%).

     No dividends or other distributions have been made by Guangzhou Sudao and Guangzhou Yaobang to the holders
     of their equity interests.

     For further details of the relevant foreign ownership regulations in the PRC and a discussion of the material terms of
     the agreements underlying our contractual arrangements are set out in “Contractual Arrangements” section of the
     Prospectus.

     Implication under the Listing Rules and Confirmations

     Waivers applied for under the Listing Rules

     For the purposes of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, our consolidated affiliated entities are treated as connected
     persons of the Company, and as such, the contractual arrangements are considered continuing connected
     transactions for the Company.

     We have applied for, and the Stock Exchange has granted us, in respect of the contractual arrangements, (i) a
     waiver from strict compliance with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval (including
     recommendation from an independent financial advisor) requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules; (ii) a
     waiver from strict compliance with the requirement to set a term of not exceeding three years under Rule 14A.52 of
     the Listing Rules; and (iii) a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements to set monetary annual caps under
     Rule 14A.53(1) of the Listing Rules, subject to certain conditions set out in the Prospectus.

     Confirmations from Independent Non-executive Directors

     Our independent non-executive Directors had reviewed the agreements underlying the Contractual Arrangements
     and confirm the factors listed under Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules and that the transactions carried out during the
     Reporting Period under the Contractual Arrangements had been in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
     agreements.

     Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor

     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the auditor of the Company, has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to
     the transactions underlying the Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to their attention that would cause
     them to believe that any of the factors listed under Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, where applicable, had existed
     during the Reporting Period.

     During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in “Continuing Connected Transactions” of this annual report, no
     related party transactions disclosed in Note 36 to the financial statements constituted a connected transaction or
     continuing connected transaction that should be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company has complied
     with the disclosure requirements prescribed in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to these continuing
     connected transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period.




36   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                   Report of Directors


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING

The Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2023. The net proceeds raised from the Global
Offering were approximately HK$242.2 million (including the additional proceeds received upon the partial exercise
of the Over-allotment Option (as defined in the Prospectus)).

As of 31 December 2024, HK$242.2 million out of the net proceeds have been utilized in the manner consistent
with that disclosed in the Prospectus under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” and the
announcement of the Company dated 15 October 2024. Set out below is the status of use of proceeds from the
Global Offering as of 31 December 2024.

                                                                                                        Revised
                                                                                                   allocation of
                                                                  Net proceeds      Unutilised        unutilised       Utilisation    Unutilised net
                                                                      from the    amount as of    amount as of         during the    proceeds as of
                                                                        Global       1 January        1 January        Reporting      31 December
                                                                       Offering          2024            2024(1)           Period              2024
                                                                  (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


Pharmaceutical circulation business                                      109.0            99.0             23.9              23.9                 –
• leveraging market insights accumulated through our platform             48.4            46.6              8.3               8.3                 –
   to engage more qualified upstream participants and diversify
   our SKU offerings, making our platform a more attractive go-
   to platform for our buyers
• improving our BD capabilities and efficiencies with our                  48.4            42.5            10.4               10.4                –
   dedicated digital tools
• strengthening our supply chain capability                               12.2             9.9              5.2               5.2                 –
Further developing our other businesses                                   60.5            52.9              9.8               9.8                 –
• expanding the geographical coverage of our ClouDiagnos                  36.3            31.7              9.0               9.0                 –
   services
• promoting market awareness and popularity of our                         24.2            21.2              0.8               0.8                –
   wePharmacy
Research and development                                                  53.3            49.6            15.2               15.2                 –
Working capital and general corporate purposes                            19.4            16.7             1.9                1.9                 –
Investing in or acquiring projects related to key business                   –               –           167.4              167.4                 –
of the Company in order to better expand the Company’s
operations


 Total                                                                   242.2           218.2           218.2              218.2                 –

Note:

1.       As disclosed in the 2024 Announcements, in order to better utilise the financial resources of the Group and to capture favourable
         investment opportunities, the Company has decided to change the use of all of the unutilised net proceeds of HK$167.4 million
         to invest in or acquire projects related to key business of the Company in order to better expand the Company’s operations. For
         further details, please refer to the 2024 Announcements.




                                                                                                                      YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024      37
     Report of Directors


     AUDITOR

     There has been no change in auditor during the preceding three years. The consolidated financial statements of the
     Group have been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants and Registered Public Interest
     Entity Auditors, who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for reappointment at our upcoming annual
     general meeting.

     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     Save as disclosed in this report and/or other announcements of the Company, there are no other significant events
     that might affect the Group since the end of the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.




     By the order of the Board of Directors
     Mr. Buzhen Zhang
     Chairman

     Hong Kong
     17 March 2025




38   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                 Directors and Senior Management


As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and
three independent non-executive Directors.

DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮), aged 49, is our executive Director, Chairman of our Board, Chief Executive Officer and
chairperson of the Nomination Committee. Mr. Zhang co-founded our Group and served as our Chief Executive
Officer since January 2015, and as the Director of our Company since its incorporation in August 2018. Prior to
founding our Group, from April 1999 to October 2014, Mr. Zhang held a number of positions with Fang Holdings
Limited, which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: SFUN), including chief technology officer and
vice president, and was responsible for the technology development and business management. Mr Zhang received
a bachelor’s degree majoring in communication engineering from the Beijing Institute of Electronic Science and
Technology (北京電子科技學院) in China in July 1997.

Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛), aged 41, is our executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and joint company secretary. Mr. Chen
joined our Group in April 2022 and has served as our Director since April 2022 and our Chief Financial Officer since
May 2022. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Chen previously worked as an investment banker with HSBC from July 2008
to May 2010, advising on financings and mergers and acquisitions for domestic and foreign clients. From May 2010
to May 2018, Mr. Chen worked with UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, also advising on a broad range of financings and
mergers and acquisitions. From May 2018 to April 2022, Mr. Chen was the chief financial officer and board secretary
at Tubatu Group Co., Ltd. (土巴兔集團股份有限公司), overseeing their financial and investment activities. Mr. Chen is
currently an independent non-executive director of Shanghai REFIRE Group Limited, a company listed on the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 2570) since December 2024. Mr. Chen received a bachelor’s degree in finance in July 2006
and a master’s degree in finance in July 2008 from Peking University (北京大學) in China. Mr. Chen holds a chartered
financial analyst certificate from the CFA Institute, awarded in September 2012, and a board secretary certification
from the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, awarded in November 2020.

Non-executive Director

Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽), aged 29, is our non-executive Director. Mr. Zhu joined our Group in February 2021. Mr. Zhu is
the Vice President at Hopson Development Holdings Limited (合生創展集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 754) and a fellow subsidiary of Million Surplus Developments Limited (i.e., both are controlled
corporations of Sounda Properties Limited), since July 2021. Mr. Zhu also serves as the non-executive director, the
chairman of the risk control committee and the member of the strategy committee at Genertec Universal Medical
Group Company Limited (通用環球醫療集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2666)
since July 2021, and the non-executive director at Ping An Healthcare and Technology Company Limited (平安健康醫
療科技有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1833), since December 2021. Mr. Zhu was an
assistant to the strategic committee director at Hopson Development Holdings Limited (合生創展集團有限公司). Mr.
Zhu received his bachelor’s degree majoring in information management and information systems from the Beijing
Institute of Technology (北京理工大學) in China in June 2017. Mr. Zhu is a nephew of Mr. Chu Mang Yee (朱孟依), a
substantial shareholder of the Company.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   39
     Directors and Senior Management


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉), aged 62, is our independent non-executive Director and members of the Audit Committee,
     Remuneration Committee and Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Committee. Ms. Shao joined our
     Group in June 2023. Ms. Shao has been the Executive Dean of the Institute of Drug Regulatory Sciences, China
     Pharmaceutical University (National Drug Administration Scientific Research Base), in charge of regulatory science
     disciplines and research since October 2021. Ms. Shao is or has been a director of several listed corporations,
     including an independent director of Jiangsu GDK Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (江蘇金迪克生物技術股份有限公司),
     a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688670) since June 2020, an independent non-
     executive director of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 241) since August 2023 and an independent director of Shanghai Innostar Bio-tech Co.,
     Ltd. (上海益諾思生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688710)
     since December 2023. From June 2021 to June 2024, Ms. Shao was an independent director of I-Mab, a company
     listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: IMAB). Ms. Shao received her bachelor’s degree in medicinal chemistry from Nanjing
     College of Pharmacy (南京藥學院) (now China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學)) in China in July 1983, her
     second bachelor’s degree in law from Nanjing University in China in July 1989, and a PhD in Pharmacy from Shenyang
     Pharmaceutical University (瀋陽藥科大學) in China in July 2010. Ms. Shao is a qualified lawyer licenced by the Jiangsu
     Justice Department (江蘇司法廳) in 2009.

     Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉), aged 52, is our independent non-executive Director, the chairperson of the
     Remuneration Committee, and members of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Environmental, Social
     and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Sun joined our Group in June 2023. Mr. Sun has been the chairman of
     VSP Private Fund Management (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. (維世私募基金管理（珠海）有限公司) since December 2020, and
     the chairman of VSP Investment Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (維世投資諮询（深圳）有限公司) since August 2021.
     Mr. Sun assumed various positions at Qunar Cayman Islands Limited, a mobile and online travel platform listed on
     Nasdaq until February 2017. Mr. Sun currently acts as an independent director of various listed companies, namely
     Zhihu Inc. (知乎), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2390) and the New York Stock Exchange
     (stock symbol: ZH), iQIYI Inc. (愛奇藝) a company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: IQ) since March 2018, and Yiren
     Digital Ltd. (宜人金科), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: YRD) since December 2015.
     From August 2014 to July 2021, Mr. Sun acted as an independent non-executive director of CAR Inc. (神州租車有
     限公司), a company formerly listed on the Stock Exchange until July 2021. From March 2018 to July 2019, Mr. Sun
     served as an independent director of Sunlands Technology Group (formerly known as Sunlands Online Education
     Group), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: STG). From September 2010 to May 2019,
     Mr. Sun served as an independent director of Fang Holdings Limited (formerly known as SouFun Holdings Limited),
     a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: SFUN). Mr. Sun received a bachelor’s degree in
     business administration from Beijing Institute of Technology in China in July 1993. Mr. Sun was also awarded his
     PRC certified public accountant (non-practicing member) certificate from the Beijing Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (北京註冊會計師協會).

     Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強), aged 48, is our independent non-executive Director, the chairperson of the Audit
     Committee and Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Committee, and members of the Remuneration
     Committee and Nomination Committee. Ms. Zhao joined our Group in June 2023. Mr. Zhao has been an independent
     non-executive director of Beisen Holding Limited (北森控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 9669) since March 2023, GOGOX Holdings Limited (快狗打車控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 2246) since August 2021, and non-executive director of Li Auto Inc. (理想汽車), a company
     listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: LI) and the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2015) since July 2020, and HUYA Inc. (虎牙
     直播), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: HUYA) since May 2018. From June 2018 to
     May 2023, he was the executive director and chief financial officer at Bairong Inc. (百融雲創), a company listed on the
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 6608), and from August 2013 to October 2014, he was the vice president of finance at
     Fang Holdings Limited, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: SFUN). Mr. Zhao formerly
     served as an assistant Chief Auditor on the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, in 2009. Mr. Zhao received
     his bachelor’s degree in accounting from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in China in July 1999, and his master’s
     degree in accountancy from George Washington University in Washington D.C., the United States, in May 2001.



40   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                  Directors and Senior Management


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Buzhen Zhang is our executive Director, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. See “– Executive
Directors” for Mr. Zhang’s biography.

Mr. Fei Chen is our executive Director and Chief Financial Officer. See “– Executive Directors” for Mr. Chen’s
biography.

Mr. Haodong Xiao (肖浩東) is our Vice President. Mr. Xiao joined our Group in December 2018. Aside from our
Group, Mr. Xiao previously held positions with Xi’an Janssen Pharmaceutical Ltd. (西安楊森製藥有限公司), including
as the Commercial Regional Sales Director, South, responsible for southern region dealers and market management,
from January 1999 to December 2013. From January 2014 to February 2017, Mr. Xiao has also worked as the general
manager of Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Corporation’s Popular Drug Sales Branch (廣州醫藥有限公司大眾藥品
銷售分公司). Following this, from March 2017 to November 2018, Mr. Xiao joined Johnson & Johnson Medical
(Shanghai) Ltd. (強生（上海）醫療器材有限公司) as the Director of Channel Management, responsible for company-
wide commercial channels management. Mr. Xiao received his certification in culinary and hospitality enterprise
management (餐旅企業管理) from Shenzhen University in China in June 1993 and his MBA in business management
from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2011.

Mr. Zhuoqi Chen (陳焯杞) is the Chief Technology Officer as well as a director of our subsidiary Leyou Investment
Limited. Mr. Chen joined our Group in January 2015. From November 2009 to May 2013, Mr. Chen worked at New
Post Telecommunication Equipment Co., Ltd. (新郵通信設備有限公司), and from June 2013 to January 2015, as
system architect at Vtron Group Co., Ltd. (威創集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen stock exchange
(stock code: 002308) (formerly known as 廣東威創視訊科技股份有限公司). Mr. Chen received his Bachelor of Science
degree (majoring in applied physics) from the Southeast University (東南大學) in China in June 2001.

COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Fei Chen is a joint company secretary of our Company. See “– Executive Directors” for Mr. Chen’s biography.

Ms. Emily Fung (馮慧森), also known as Ms. Fung Wai Sum, is a joint company secretary of our Company. Ms. Fung is
a Senior Manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services provider specialising
in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Fung has over 20 years of experience in the corporate
secretarial field. She has been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies as well as
multinational, private and offshore companies. Ms. Fung is currently the company secretary/joint company secretary
of various listed companies on the Stock Exchange, namely FriendTimes Inc. (友誼時光股份有限公司) (stock code:
6820), Tongdao Liepin Group (同道獵聘集團) (stock code: 6100), Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited (綠地香港
控股有限公司) (stock code: 337), Shenzhen Neptunus Interlong Bio-technique Company Limited (深圳市海王英特龍
生物技術股份有限公司) (stock code: 8329), China ZhengTong Auto Services Holdings Limited (中國正通汽車服務控
股有限公司) (stock code: 1728), ClouDr Group Limited (stock code: 9955) and Migao Group Holdings Limited (米高
集團控股有限公司) (stock code: 9879). Ms. Fung is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and
an Associate of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the
United Kingdom. Ms. Fung obtained her master’s degree in professional accounting and corporate governance from
City University of Hong Kong in November 2008.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   41
     Directors and Senior Management


     Changes in Director’s Information

     Changes in Director’s information is set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51(B) of the Listing Rules:

     1)      Mr. Fei Chen, an executive Director of the Company, has served as an independent non-executive director of
             Shanghai REFIRE Group Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2570) since December
             2024.

     2)      Ms. Rong Shao, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, has served as an independent
             director of Shanghai Innostar Bio-tech Co., Ltd. (上海益諾思生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed on the
             Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688710), since December 2023.

     Save as disclosed above, there is no other change in information of Directors required to be disclosed pursuant to
     Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the last published interim report.




42   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                            Other Information


DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures of the Company or Any of its Associated Corporations

As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in any
of our Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)), as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or as otherwise
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

Interest in the Company

                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                               Number of              percentage of        Long position/
  Name of Directors                Capacity/Nature of interest             ordinary shares                 holding(1)      Short position


  Mr. Buzhen Zhang(2)              Interest in a controlled                     125,316,184                    18.54%      Long position
                                      corporation
                                   Interest of spouse                             5,400,000                     0.80%      Long position
  Mr. Fei Chen(3)                  Beneficial owner                               7,300,000                     1.08%      Long position

Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 675,766,001 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2024.

(2)      Represents (i) 125,316,184 Shares held by MIYT Holdings Limited, a company controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited, which in turn is
         wholly owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director; and (ii) 5,400,000 Shares underlying options granted under
         the 2019 Share Incentive Plan to Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Zhang. Under the SFO, Mr. Zhang is deemed to be interested in
         the entire interests of MIYT Holdings Limited and Ms. Xu in our Company.

(3)      Represents 7,300,000 Shares underlying options granted under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan to Mr. Chen pursuant to the exercise
         of options granted to Mr. Chen under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, so far as is known to any Director or the chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company has any interest or short position in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code.




                                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024     43
     Other Information


     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares

     As at 31 December 2024, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief
     executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in our Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures
     Ordinance:

                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                     Number of         percentage of     Long position/
      Name of Shareholder          Capacity/Nature of interest   ordinary shares            holding(1)   Short position


      MIYT Holdings Limited(2)     Beneficial owner                 125,316,184               18.54%     Long position
      MIYT Worldwide Limited(2)    Interest of a controlled          125,316,184               18.54%    Long position
                                      corporation
      TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(2)         Trustee                           125,316,184              18.54%     Long position
      Buzhen Zhang(2)(3)           Interest of a controlled          125,316,184              18.54%     Long position
                                      corporation
                                   Interest of spouse                  5,400,000                0.80%    Long position
      Million Surplus              Beneficial owner                  63,324,784                9.37%     Long position
        Developments Limited(4)
      Meta Group Limited(4)        Interest of a controlled           63,324,784                9.37%    Long position
                                      corporation
      Sounda Hopson Technology Interest of a controlled               63,324,784                9.37%    Long position
         Holdings Limited(4)          corporation
      Sounda Hopson Technology Interest of a controlled               63,324,784                9.37%    Long position
         Investment Limited(4)        corporation
      Sounda Hopson Investment Interest of a controlled               63,324,784                9.37%    Long position
         Holdings Limited(4)          corporation
      Sounda Properties            Beneficial owner                  16,400,000                2.43%     Long position
         Limited(4)                Interest of a controlled           63,324,784                9.37%    Long position
                                      corporation
      Chu Mang Yee(4)              Interest of a controlled           79,724,784              11.80%     Long position
                                      corporation
      Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.(5) Nominee for another person         79,750,800               11.80%     Long position
      Internet Fund Holding V.     Interest of a controlled           79,750,800               11.80%    Long position
         Ltd.(5)                      corporation
      Tiger Global Private         Beneficial owner                   79,750,800              11.80%     Long position
         Investment Partners XI,
         L.P.(5)
      Tiger Global Management      Investment manager                 79,750,800              11.80%     Long position
         LLC(5)
      Tiger Global PIP Performance Interest of a controlled           79,750,800              11.80%     Long position
         XI, L.P.(5)                  corporation
      Charles P. Coleman III(5)    Interest of a controlled           79,750,800              11.80%     Long position
                                      corporation
      Scott Shleifer(5)            Interest of a controlled           79,750,800              11.80%     Long position
                                      corporation




44   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                    Other Information


                                                                                Approximate
                                                                 Number of     percentage of     Long position/
Name of Shareholder            Capacity/Nature of interest   ordinary shares        holding(1)   Short position


H Capital V, L.P.(6)           Beneficial owner                  55,831,444            8.26%     Long position
H Capital V GP, L.P.(6)        Interest of a controlled           55,831,444            8.26%    Long position
                                  corporation
H Capital V GP, Ltd.(6)        Interest of a controlled           55,831,444            8.26%    Long position
                                  corporation
Xiaohong Chen(6)               Interest of a controlled           55,831,444            8.26%    Long position
                                  corporation
DCM Investments (DE 5),        Beneficial owner                  53,323,236            7.89%     Long position
  LLC(7)
DCM IX, L.P.(7)                Interest of a controlled           53,323,236            7.89%    Long position
                                  corporation
DCM Investment                 Interest of a controlled           53,323,236            7.89%    Long position
  Management IX, L.P.(7)          corporation
DCM IX International Ltd(7)    Interest of a controlled           53,323,236            7.89%    Long position
                                  corporation
Shanghai Fosun                 Beneficial owner                  40,033,160            5.92%     Long position
  Pharmaceutical Industrial
  Development Co., Ltd(8)
Shanghai Fosun                 Interest of a controlled           40,033,160            5.92%    Long position
  Pharmaceutical (Group)          corporation
  Co., Ltd.(8)
Fosun International Limited(8) Interest of a controlled           40,033,160            5.92%    Long position
                                  corporation
Shanghai Fosun High            Interest of a controlled           40,033,160            5.92%    Long position
  Technology (Group)              corporation
  Co., Ltd.(8)
Fosun Holdings Limited(8)      Interest of a controlled           40,033,160            5.92%    Long position
                                  corporation
Fosun International Holdings Interest of a controlled             40,033,160            5.92%    Long position
  Ltd.(8)                         corporation
Guo Guangchang(8)              Interest of a controlled           40,033,160            5.92%    Long position
                                  corporation




                                                                                        YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   45
     Other Information


     Notes:

     (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 675,766,001 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2024. “Control” takes the meaning
              under Part XV of the SFO.

     (2)      MIYT Holdings Limited is wholly-owned by MIYT Worldwide Limited which in turn is the holding vehicle wholly-owned by TMF
              (Cayman) Ltd., the trustee of a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of
              Mr. Buzhen Zhang, TMF (Cayman) Ltd. and MIYT Worldwide Limited is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by MIYT
              Holdings Limited.

     (3)      Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, is interested in the underlying options granted under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan
              of the Company. By virtue of Part XV of the SFO, Mr. Buzhen Zhang is deemed to be interested in the entire interest of Ms. Xiaoye
              Xu in our Company.

     (4)      Million Surplus Developments Limited is wholly-owned by Meta Group Limited which is in turn controlled by Sounda Hopson
              Technology Holdings Limited and by Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited. Both Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings
              Limited and Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited are wholly-owned by Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings Limited
              which is turn is wholly-owned by Sounda Properties Limited. Sounda Properties Limited is controlled by Mr. Chu Mang Yee.
              Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Chu Mang Yee, Sounda Properties Limited, Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings
              Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited and Meta Group Limited is
              deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Million Surplus Developments Limited, and Mr. Chu Mang Yee is deemed to be
              interested in all of the Shares held by Sounda Properties Limited.

     (5)      Internet Fund V Pte. Ltd. is wholly-owned by Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd., which is in turn controlled by Tiger Global Private
              Investment Partners XI, L.P., which general partner is Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and is wholly owned by Tiger Global
              Management, LLC. Both Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and Tiger Global Management, LLC are controlled by Mr. Charles P.
              Coleman III and Mr. Scott Shleifer. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Charles P. Coleman III, Mr. Scott Shleifer, Tiger
              Global PIP Performance XI, L.P., Tiger Global Management, LLC, Tiger Global Private Investment Partners XI, L.P. and Internet Fund
              Holding V. Ltd. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.

     (6)      H Capital V GP, L.P. is the general partner of H Capital V, L.P. H Capital V GP, Ltd. is the general partner of H Capital V GP, L.P. and
              is controlled by Ms. Xiaohong Chen. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Ms Xiaohong Chen, H Capital V GP, Ltd. and H
              Capital V GP, L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by H Capital V, L.P.

     (7)      DCM Investments (DE 5), LLC is controlled by DCM IX L.P., which is in turn wholly-owned by DCM Investment Management IX, L.P.,
              which is in turn wholly-owned by DCM IX International Ltd. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of DCM IX International Limited,
              DCM Investment Management IX, L.P. and DCM IX L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by DCM Investments (DE
              5), LLC.

     (8)      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned by Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
              Ltd., which is owned as to 0.22% by Fosun International Limited and 35.99% by Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.,
              which is in turn wholly-owned by Fosun International Limited. Fosun International Limited is owned as to 72.76% by Fosun Holdings
              Limited and 0.01% by Mr. Guo Guangchang. Fosun Holdings Limited is in turn wholly-owned by Fosun International Holdings Ltd.
              and which Mr. Guo Guangchang is holding as to 85.29%. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Guo Guangchang, Fosun
              International Holdings Ltd., Fosun Holdings Limited, Fosun International Limited, Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co.,
              Ltd., and Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Shanghai Fosun
              Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd.


     Save as disclosed above, as at the date 31 December 2024 based on publicly available information, no other person
     (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the Shares or
     underlying Shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of
     Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or which were required to be entered in the
     register required to be kept under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.




46   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                             Other Information


SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

Details of Share Incentive Plans of our Company

Overview

Adoption

The Company had two share incentive plans in effect during the Reporting Period: (a) the 2019 Share Incentive Plan,
which was adopted before our Listing and does not constitute a share scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules and under which we may not grant any new incentive units (or awards) after Listing; and (b) and the 2023 Share
Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Plans”), which was adopted immediately prior to our Listing and constitutes a share
scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

Purpose of the Plans

The purpose of both Plans is to, among others, attract and retain talent, provide incentives to participants under
the Plans and to promote the success of our business by aligning the personal interests of participants with those of
shareholders of our Company.

Awards

Under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan, we were able to grant options, unit purchase rights, or unit awards, with each
option/unit entitling the holder to receive two Shares. Following our Listing, we have ceased granting any new
incentive units (or awards) under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan. Under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, we are able to
grant options or restrictive share units (each being an award), with each entitling the holder to receive one newly issued
or existing Share.

Further details of the Plans

The following table summarises the material terms of the Plans. For further information about the 2019 Share
Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-15 to IV-16 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus. For further information about the
2023 Share Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-19 to IV-28 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

11,775,400 new shares, representing approximately 1.79% of the weighted average number of issued shares of
the Company, may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible
participants pursuant to the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.




                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   47
     Other Information


                                              2019 Share Incentive Plan               2023 Share Incentive Plan


      Scheme mandate limit                    47,772,984 Shares                       63,235,005 new Shares; and subject
                                                                                      to an annual limit of 2% of the total
                                                                                      issued shares immediately upon
                                                                                      Listing, for awards over existing
                                                                                      Shares (which is automatically
                                                                                      refreshed on 1 January of each year
                                                                                      up to 2% of the total issued share
                                                                                      number on 31 December of the
                                                                                      previous year, and which may be
                                                                                      adjusted by the Board from time to
                                                                                      time).

      Service provider sublimit               N/A                                     1,264,700 new Shares

      Number of options and awards            No further grant of awards would be     As at 1 January 2024, 59,516,005
      (either to be satisfied by new Shares   made under the 2019 Share Incentive     Award Shares (to be satisfied by
      or existing Shares) available for       Plan after Listing. As at 1 January     new Shares) were available for grant
      grant under the scheme mandate          2024 and 31 December 2024, the          under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.
      and the service provider sublimit (if   aggregate number of underlying
      applicable) at the beginning and the    Shares pursuant to the outstanding      During the Reporting Period,
      end of the financial year               options granted under the 2019          12,410,500 Award Shares (to be
                                              Share Incentive Plan were 34,831,068    satisfied by new Shares) had been
                                              and 30,542,723 Shares, respectively.    granted and 1,103,150 Award Shares
                                                                                      had lapsed pursuant to the 2023
                                                                                      Share Incentive Plan.

                                                                                      As at 31 December 2024, the total
                                                                                      number of Shares available for grant
                                                                                      under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan
                                                                                      was 48,208,655 Shares.

      Number of Shares available for issue    30,542,723 shares, representing         62,247,805 shares, representing
      (i.e., new Shares) pursuant to awards   4.49% of the Company’s total issued     9.15% of the Company’s total issued
      granted and ungranted under the         share number as at the date of the      share number as at the date of the
      plan                                    annual report, all of which represent   annual report.
                                              awards already granted prior to
      (assuming no granted awards have        Listing.
      lapsed or are cancelled or satisfied
      in a manner other than issuing new
      shares)




48   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                 Other Information


                              2019 Share Incentive Plan                 2023 Share Incentive Plan


Eligible participants         Eligibility is determined by the plan     Eligibility is determined by the plan
                              administrator, and includes:              administrator, and includes, for
                                                                        grants over new Shares:
                              • employees, director or consultant
                                (collectively, “service providers”),    • directors and employees of the
                                or trusts or companies established        Company and its subsidiaries
                                in connection with an employee            (“employee participants”);
                                benefit plan of our Company
                                (including this plan) for the benefit   • directors and employees of our
                                of a service provider. Employees          parent and a fellow subsidiary
                                and directors refer to our Group,         or associated company of
                                our parent or an affiliate of our         the Company (“related entity
                                Company. Consultant refers to             participants”); and
                                an entity that is engaged by our
                                Group or our parent to provide          • service providers that, in the
                                and is compensated for providing          opinion of the plan administrator,
                                consulting or advisory services.          provide services to the Group on
                                                                          a continuing or recurring basis
                                                                          in our ordinary and usual course
                                                                          of business and that are in the
                                                                          interests of the long-term growth
                                                                          of the Group or to which grants
                                                                          of awards under the 2023 Share
                                                                          Incentive Plan would be in the
                                                                          interest of the Company and our
                                                                          shareholders as a whole, and shall
                                                                          include those identified on page
                                                                          IV-20 and IV-21 of Appendix IV to
                                                                          the Prospectus (“service provider
                                                                          participants”).

                                                                        Eligibility is determined by the
                                                                        plan administrator, and includes,
                                                                        but is not limited to, for grants
                                                                        over existing Shares, employee
                                                                        participants, related entity
                                                                        participants and service provider
                                                                        participants.

Maximum entitlement of each   None                                      None; however, grants over new
participant                                                             Shares may be subject to additional
                                                                        approval requirements as specified
                                                                        under Rules 17.04 and 17.03D of the
                                                                        Listing Rules.




                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   49
     Other Information


                                             2019 Share Incentive Plan              2023 Share Incentive Plan


      Exercise period for options            10 years from date of grant.           For grants over new Shares: 10 years
                                                                                    from date of grant; for grants over
                                                                                    existing Shares: none.

      Vesting period                         A period to be determined by the       For grants over new Shares: a
                                             plan administrator.                    minimum of 12 months from the
                                                                                    date of grant, except limited
                                                                                    circumstances set out on page IV-24
                                                                                    of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

                                                                                    For grants over existing Shares: no
                                                                                    restrictions under the 2023 Share
                                                                                    Incentive Plan.

      Consideration payable for accepting    None, unless otherwise specified by    None, unless otherwise specified by
      a grant                                the plan administrator.                the plan administrator.

      Basis of determining the exercise      None, unless otherwise specified by    For grants of options over new
      price of options                       the plan administrator.                Shares: at a price specified by the
                                                                                    administrator, provided that the
                                                                                    exercise price shall be the higher
                                                                                    of: (i) closing price of the Shares as
                                                                                    stated in the daily quotations sheet
                                                                                    issued by the Stock Exchange on
                                                                                    the grant date; and (ii) the average
                                                                                    closing price of the Shares as stated
                                                                                    in the daily quotations sheets
                                                                                    issued by the Stock Exchange for
                                                                                    the five business days immediately
                                                                                    preceding the grant date.

      Basis of determining the purchase      None, unless otherwise specified by    None, unless otherwise specified by
      price of awards (other than options)   the plan administrator.                the plan administrator.

      Scheme life                            10 years from adoption date, with a    10 years from adoption date, with a
      (unless terminated earlier by          scheme life of approximately 4 years   scheme life of approximately 8 years
      the Board)                             remaining.                             remaining.




50   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                         Other Information


Details of grants made under the Plans

2019 Share Incentive Plan

The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding share options under the 2019 Share Incentive
Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards were made under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan that
ought to be disclosed in this annual report.

                                                                                                                                  Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                             Number                 Fair value Weighted
                                                                                                                    Number                                                                  of Shares               of options   average
                                                                                                                  of options                                               Number         underlying      Closing on date of      closing
                                                                                                                 outstanding      Number        Number         Number of options                  the    price of grant and      price of
                                                                                                                        as at   of options    of options     of options outstanding      outstanding our Shares            the our Shares
                                                                                                                   beginning      granted      exercised      forfeited    as at the          options immediately accounting immediately
 Name or                                                          Vesting period                      Exercise             of   during the    during the     during the      end of      as at end of before the standard and before the
 category                                                         (from date of grant) and/               price Reporting       Reporting     Reporting      Reporting Reporting           Reporting      date of       policy   exercise
 of grantee(1)    Position/Relationship Date of grant             or performance target (2)         per Share(3)      Period        Period        Period         Period      Period            Period       grant adopted(4)         date


 Directors, Chief Executive, Substantial Shareholders and Associates


 Fei Chen         Director, Chief           5 May 2022            Two-third of the outstanding         US$0.40      3,650,000           –       1,000,000             –      2,650,000     5,300,000        N/A          N/A      HK$7.23
                      Financial Officers,                         options will be vested within
                      Joint Company                               4 years, and one-third of the
                      Secretary                                   outstanding options will be
                                                                  vested upon the completion of
                                                                  the core projects


 Xiaoye Xu(5)     Chief Operation           1 October 2019 to 4 years                             US$0.525-1.00     2,400,000           –              –              –      2,400,000     4,800,000        N/A          N/A         N/A
                     Officer of Online         1 November 2021
                     Marketplace


 Other Grantees


 Employee participants in aggregate         1 July 2017 to        4 years                          US$0.14-1.00    11,315,534           –        307,372        783,050     10,171,362    20,342,723        N/A          N/A      HK$9.21
                                                10 June 2023


 Service provider participants (consultants) 1 January 2023       4 years                                   Nil        50,000           –              –              –         50,000      100,000         N/A          N/A         N/A
    in aggregate


 Total                                                                                                            17,415,534            –     1,307,372        783,050 15,271,362 30,542,723




                                                                                                                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024                  51
     Other Information


     Notes:

     (1)            With respect to each award granted, upon each vesting date, the portion of the award that vests shall depend on the grantee
                    meeting the vesting requirements, which are typically performance targets for a specified threshold in their performance evaluations
                    during the one-year period prior to the vesting date, or upon successful completion of specified projects.

     (2)            The exercise period of these options commences from the vesting date of the relevant options and end on the tenth anniversary of
                    the grant date thereof, subject to the terms of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the share option agreement signed by the grantee.

     (3)            No consideration was payable by grantees for these share options.

     (4)            The fair value of share options were calculated according to the binomial option pricing model. The fair value was determined based
                    on a number of factors, including market conditions (e.g., share price volatility and fluctuations), the impact of any non-vesting
                    conditions (e.g., lock-up restrictions), and excluding any impact of service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g.,
                    profitability, sales growth targets, employment tenure). For the relevant accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 3
                    and Note 28 to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements”.

     (5)            Ms. Xiaoye Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former director of our
                    Company.


     2023 Share Incentive Plan

     The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding Award Shares over new Shares under the 2023
     Share Incentive Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards over new Shares were made under the
     2023 Share Incentive Plan that ought to be disclosed in this annual report.

                                                                                                                    Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                             Fair value of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Award
                                                                                                                                                                                               Shares on      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                            Closing price   date of grant       average
                                                                                                Outstanding                                                    Outstanding of our Shares          and the closing price
                                                                                                        as at      Granted       Exercised       Forfeited        as at the immediately       accounting of our Shares
       Name or                                                      Vesting period                 beginning     during the     during the      during the          end of        before         standard immediately
       category                                                     (from date of Performance   of Reporting     Reporting      Reporting       Reporting        Reporting      the date       and policy    before the
       of grantee      Position/Relationship     Date of grant      grant)         target             Period         Period         Period          Period          Period       of grant       adopted(4) exercise date


       Directors, Chief Executive, Substantial Shareholders and Associates
       Xiaoye Xu(7)      Chief Operation Officer 6 November 2024 3 years          See Note 5              Nil       600,000              –               –             600,000    HK$7.24        HK$7.24            N/A
                            of Online Marketplace
       Other Grantees
       992 grantees Employee participants 4 September 2023 2-4 years(1)           See Note 5        3,719,000              –       981,200         468,050        2,269,750          N/A            N/A         HK$7.42
       619 grantees Employee participants 6 February 2024 1-4 years(2)            See Note 5               Nil    10,432,500             –         605,100        9,827,400       HK$6.00        HK$6.00           N/A
       1 grantee         Service provider           6 February 2024 2 years(3)    See Note 5               Nil       120,000             –               –          120,000       HK$6.00        HK$6.00           N/A
                            participant
       35 grantees       Employee participants 6 November 2024 1-4 years(4)       See Note 5              Nil      1,258,000             –           30,000       1,228,000       HK$7.24        HK$7.24            N/A


       Total                                                                                      3,719,000      12,410,500       981,200        1,103,150      14,045,150




52   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                            Other Information


Notes:

(1)      627,900 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; and 3,190,100 Award Shares
         shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was payable on the grant of
         these Award Shares.

(2)      1,462,500 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 3,275,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on
         annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; 5,655,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years equally on annual basis in arrears
         from the date of grant; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant.
         No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(3)      The 120,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was
         payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(4)      2,000 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 444,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years from the date of grant
         equally on an annual basis in arrears; 600,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years from the date of grant equally on an annual
         basis in arrears; 30,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on March 26, 2025 and 50% to be vested on
         March 26, 2026; 130,000 Award Shares shall vest in two batches, with 50% to be vested on July 21, 2025 and 50% to be vested on
         July 21, 2026; 12,000 Award Shares shall vest in three batches with one-third to be vested on July 7, 2025, one-third to be vested on
         July 7, 2026 and one-third to be vested on July 7, 2027; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest in four batches, with 25% to be vested on
         July 11, 2025, 25% to be vested on July 11, 2026, 25% to be vested on July 11, 2027 and 25% to be vested on July 11, 2028.

(5)      Each vesting of the award shares granted to the award grantees will be subject to the individual annual performance targets
         as stipulated in the respective grant letters entered into by each award grantee and the Company. These performance targets
         are set against certain benchmark in which the individual grantee achieves, including but not limited to annual sales target, and
         various project milestone achievements, etc. The vesting percentage of the award shares will be adjusted based on his/her annual
         performance evaluation at each vesting.

(6)      The fair value of award shares was determined based on the market price of the Company’s shares at the grant date. For the relevant
         accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 3 and Note 28 to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements”.

(7)      Ms. Xiaoye Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former director of our
         Company.




                                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024     53
     Corporate Governance Report


     The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for FY 2024.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate
     governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of shareholders
     and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

     During FY 2024, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG Code
     contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules except for the deviation as set out below.

     Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the roles of chairperson and chief
     executive to be separate and not to be performed by the same person. Our Company deviates from this provision
     as Mr. Buzhen Zhang performs both the roles of chairman of our Board and the chief executive officer of our
     Company. Mr. Zhang is the founder of the Company and a substantial shareholder, and has extensive experience in
     the business operations and management of our Group. Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairman
     and chief executive officer to Mr. Zhang has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and
     enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning. This structure will enable our Company to make and
     implement decisions promptly and effectively. Our Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not
     be impaired due to this arrangement. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of our
     Board, including the relevant board committees, and our three independent non-executive Directors. Our Board will
     reassess the division of the roles of chairman and the chief executive officer from time-to-time, and may recommend
     dividing the two roles between different people in the future, taking into account the circumstances of our Group as
     a whole.

     Code provision C.3.2 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the functions reserved to the
     board and those delegated to management should be formalised. These arrangements should also be reviewed
     periodically to ensure that they remain appropriate to the issuer’s needs. The Company did not review periodically
     the arrangement regarding the functions reserved to the board and those delegated to management. However,
     when a matter arises that requires decision, the Board will determine whether it should be reserved for the Board or
     delegate to the management to deal with.

     The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
     with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.




54   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by
Directors and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.

Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the Model
Code during the Reporting Period. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the relevant employees has
been noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board Composition

During the Reporting Period, our Board comprised two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three
independent non-executive Directors.

For details on the members of the Board and their biographies, see “Directors and Senior Management” of this
annual report.

Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors and members of senior management are related to other
Directors or members of senior management.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Buzhen Zhang. Please refer to “Corporate
Governance Practices” above for further details.

Board Meetings, Committee Meetings and General Meetings

During the Reporting Period, the Company held five Board meetings, three Audit Committee meetings, one
Remuneration Committee meeting, one Nomination Committee meeting, one Environmental, Social and Corporate
Governance Committee meeting and one annual general meeting. The Company will continue to fully comply
with code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code to hold Board meetings at least four times a year, and at approximately
quarterly intervals.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   55
     Corporate Governance Report


     A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at the Board meetings and committee meetings during the
     Reporting Period is set out in the following table below:

                                                      Meetings Attended/Meetings Held during Tenure of Office
                                                                                                                Environmental,
                                                                                                                     Social and
                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                    Remuneration     Nomination          Audit                    Governance
                                          Board       Committee      Committee       Committee         General     Committee
      Name of Directors                meeting(s)     meeting(s)      meeting(s)     meeting(s)      meeting(s)     meeting(s)


      Executive Directors
      Mr. Buzhen Zhang                        5/5              –             1/1              –             1/1              –
      Mr. Fei Chen                            5/5              –               –              –             1/1              –

      Non-executive Director
      Mr. Ziyang Zhu                          5/5              –               –              –             1/1              –

      Independent Non-executive
         Directors
      Ms. Rong Shao                           5/5            1/1               –            3/3             1/1             1/1
      Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun                      5/5            1/1             1/1            3/3             1/1             1/1
      Mr. Hongqiang Zhao                      5/5            1/1             1/1            3/3             1/1             1/1


     Apart from regular board meetings, the Chairman of our Board also held one meeting with the independent non-
     executive Directors without the presence of the other executive Directors during the Reporting Period.

     Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors

     During the Reporting Period, the Board had at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the
     appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of
     whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

     The Company confirms that it considers the independent non-executive Directors to be independent pursuant to
     Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

     The non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) of the Company are appointed for a
     specific term of 3 years, subject to renewal after the expiry of the then current term.

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are laid down in our articles
     of association. The Board’s Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the composition of the Board,
     developing, and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of Directors, monitoring the
     appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors and assessing the independence of independent
     non-executive Directors.




56   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report


At every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number
is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office
by rotation, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.
A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the annual general meeting at which he/she retires and shall
be eligible for re-election thereat. Our articles of association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a
casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the annual general meeting after
appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management

The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for
directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

All Directors, including non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge, and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.

The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities
relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing, and coordinating the daily operation and management of
the Company are delegated to the management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors

All Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills to ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

Every newly appointed Director should receive formal, comprehensive, and tailored induction on the first occasion of
his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of our Company and full
awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for the Directors would be arranged and reading materials
on relevant topics would be provided to the Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend
relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.

During the Reporting Period, the Directors (Mr. Buzhen Zhang, Mr. Fei Chen, Mr. Ziyang Zhu, Ms. Rong Shao, Mr.
Sam Hanhui Sun and Mr. Hongqiang Zhao) were regularly briefed on the amendments to or updates on the relevant
laws, rules and regulations. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would be arranged and reading material on
relevant topics would be provided to Directors where appropriate.




                                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   57
     Corporate Governance Report


     For the year ended 31 December 2024, all of the Directors participated in training sessions on Listing Rules
     amendments, anti-corruption and rules on cross-border takeover.

     Directors’ and Officers’ Liabilities Insurance

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of legal
     actions against Directors, officers and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities. See
     also “Permitted Indemnity” on page 30 of this annual report.

     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the
     Nomination Committee, and the Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Committee, for overseeing
     particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is established with defined written terms of
     reference. Copies of these terms of reference are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

                                    Chairperson (C)/
      Board Committee               Members                     Description and summary of work performed



      Audit Committee               Independent                 The purpose of this committee is to assist and advise
                                      non-executive Directors   the Board in establishing formal and transparent
                                    Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (C)      arrangements to consider how the Board should apply
                                    Ms. Rong Shao               financial reporting, risk management and internal control
                                    Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun          principles and maintain an appropriate relationship with
                                                                the Company’s auditor.

                                                                Its scope of duties includes, among others, advising
                                                                on significant issues relating to the financial reporting,
                                                                operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness
                                                                of risk management and internal control systems and
                                                                internal audit function, recommending the appointment
                                                                of external auditors and engagement of non-audit
                                                                services and relevant scope of works.

                                                                It has reviewed, in respect of the year ended 31
                                                                December 2024, the interim financial results and report
                                                                for the period ended 30 June 2024, the annual financial
                                                                results and report for the year ended 31 December
                                                                2024, and significant issues on the financial reporting,
                                                                operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness
                                                                of the risk management and internal control systems
                                                                and internal audit function, appointment of external
                                                                auditors and engagement of non-audit services and
                                                                relevant scope of works and, connected transactions and
                                                                arrangements for employees to raise concerns about
                                                                possible improprieties.




58   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                               Corporate Governance Report


                         Chairperson (C)/
Board Committee          Members                     Description and summary of work performed


Remuneration Committee   Independent                 The purpose of this committee is to make
                           non-executive Directors   recommendations to the Board on the policy and
                         Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (C)      structure for the remuneration of directors and senior
                         Ms. Rong Shao               management, to establish a formal and transparent
                         Mr. Hongqiang Zhao          procedure for developing policy, to evaluate the
                                                     performance of Directors and senior management, to
                                                     review and approve the terms of and/or matters relating
                                                     to incentive schemes including share schemes under
                                                     Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

                                                     Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing
                                                     proposed remuneration packages for Directors and
                                                     senior managers, including their share incentive
                                                     packages, and to make recommendations to the Board.

                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024, it has considered
                                                     and reviewed the existing remuneration policies and
                                                     structures, and reviewed and made recommendations
                                                     to the Board on the remuneration policy and the
                                                     remuneration packages (which includes the grant of
                                                     awards under the Company’s incentive schemes, where
                                                     applicable) of the Directors and senior management.

Nomination Committee     Executive Director          The purpose of this committee is to identify, consider
                         Mr. Buzhen Zhang (C)        and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates
                         Independent                 to serve as Directors of the Company, to oversee the
                           non-executive Directors   process for evaluating the performance of the Board,
                         Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun          and to develop and recommend to the Board the
                         Mr. Hongqiang Zhao          nomination guidelines, which shall be consistent with any
                                                     applicable laws, regulations and listing standards.

                                                     Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing
                                                     the current Board composition, assessing diversity and
                                                     needs of the Board, and making recommendations
                                                     about future Director appointments.

                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024, it has conducted
                                                     an annual review of the Board Diversity Policy, the
                                                     Director Nomination Policy and the composition of
                                                     the Board, and reviewed the annual confirmation of
                                                     independence of the independent non-executive
                                                     Directors and assessed their independence.




                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   59
     Corporate Governance Report


                                     Chairperson (C)/
      Board Committee                Members                      Description and summary of work performed


      Environmental, Social and      Independent                  The purpose of this committee is to review and monitor
      Corporate Governance             non-executive Directors    the Company’s environmental, social and corporate
      Committee                      Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (C)       governance policies and practices to ensure compliance
                                     Ms. Rong Shao                with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements,
                                     Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun           monitor and respond to emerging ESG issues.

                                                                  Its scope of duties includes, among others, reviewing
                                                                  the ESG report prepared on the Company and making
                                                                  further ESG related suggestions and recommendations
                                                                  to the Board to further enhance ESG practices and
                                                                  achieve ESG targets of the Group.

                                                                  The key area of consideration performed by the
                                                                  committee for the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                  includes reviewing the Company’s compliance with the
                                                                  Listing Rules with respect to ESG matters; analysing the
                                                                  current ESG status of the Company; and assessing the
                                                                  adequacy of the Company’s policies and practices on
                                                                  ESG matters.


     Other than Mr. Buzhen Zhang, who is the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and executive Director of
     the Company, the other members of the Board committees are all independent non-executive Directors.

     Director and Senior Management Remuneration

     Details of the Directors’ remuneration for FY 2024 are set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

     The remuneration of the senior management (other than Directors) of the Group by band for FY 2024 are:

      Remuneration Bands (HK$)                                                                       Number of Persons


      HKD3,000,001 to HKD3,500,000                                                                                         1
      HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000                                                                                         1


      TOTAL                                                                                                                2




60   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report


BOARD POLICIES AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

Board Diversity Policy

Our Company has adopted a board diversity policy (“Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out the approach to
achieve diversity of the Board. Our Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and
sees increasing diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the
Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the
widest possible pool of available talent. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable
candidates to serve as a Director of the Company, the Nomination Committee will consider a number of aspects,
including, but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills,
knowledge, and industry and regional experience. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee
will discuss periodically and when necessary, agree on the measurable objectives for achieving diversity, including
gender diversity, on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption.

The Nomination Committee has conducted an annual review of the Board Diversity Policy to ensure its effectiveness.
The review results are satisfactory. The Nomination Committee and the Board consider that the current composition
of the Board is sufficiently diverse and provided the Company with a good balance of skills, experience and diversity
of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of its business, and accordingly have not set other measurable
objectives.

Gender Diversity

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. Currently, the Board has one female Director and
five male Directors, and the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, representing its senior management, is male. The Board
targeted to achieve and has achieved to have at least one female Director, and considers that the above current
gender diversity in the Board is satisfactory. The Board will continue to embrace gender diversity when making
future board appointments but no specific targets or timelines to further enhance gender diversity have been set as
the Board is of the view that all aspects of diversity should be considered as a whole in the selection of candidates
for directorship. The same approach to gender diversity at the Board level also applies to the Group’s workforce,
including its senior management. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group,
including the Board and senior management as at the date of this annual report:

                                                                                 Female                       Male
                                                                    Percentage (number)        Percentage (number)


 Board                                                                               16.7%                        83.3%
                                                                                         (1)                          (5)
 Senior management                                                                    0.0%                      100.0%
                                                                                         (0)                          (2)
 Other employees                                                                     42.2%                        57.8%
                                                                                    (2,851)                      (3,908)
 Overall (Members of the Board and                                                   42.1%                        57.9%
  senior management included)                                                       (2,852)                      (3,915)




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   61
     Corporate Governance Report


     We will implement policy to ensure gender diversity when recruiting staff to develop a pipeline of female senior
     management and potential successors to the Board. We will strive to enhance our female representation and
     achieve appropriate balance of gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’ expectation and international
     and local recommended best practices. Furthermore, we continue to embrace gender diversity aimed at identifying
     and training our female staff who display leadership and potential, with the goal of promoting them to the senior
     management or the Board. However, our Company currently does not consider it appropriate to set any specific
     gender target for its workforce. As an equal opportunity employer, our Company also takes into account other
     relevant factors in its hiring decisions, and we believe the gender ratio of our current workforce is appropriate for our
     current business model and operational needs.

     Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report, which will be published at the same time as the publication of this annual report.

     Director Nomination Policy

     The Company has adopted a director nomination policy in accordance with the CG Code. The director nomination
     policy sets out the selection criteria and process and the Board’s succession planning considerations in relation to
     nomination and appointment of Directors of the Company and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills,
     experience, and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

     The Nomination Committee shall identify, consider, and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates to serve
     as Directors and to make recommendations to our Shareholders. The ultimate responsibility for selection and
     appointment of Directors rests with our entire Board.

     The director nomination policy sets out the non-exhaustive factors for assessing the suitability and the potential
     contribution to the Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:

     •       reputation for integrity;

     •       professional qualifications and skills;

     •       accomplishment and experience in the industry of the Company;

     •       commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

     •       independence of proposed independent non-executive Directors; and

     •       diversity of the Board in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
             background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge, and length of service.

     The director nomination policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and
     re-election of Directors at general meetings.

     The Nomination Committee will review the director nomination policy, from time to time and as appropriate, to
     ensure its effectiveness.




62   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report


Corporate Governance Function

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.

The Board would review the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies, and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure
in its Corporate Governance Report.

The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances
require provide updated written training materials relating to the roles, functions, and duties of a director of a
company listed on the Stock Exchange.

BOARD INDEPENDENCE EVALUATION MECHANISM

The Board has established mechanisms in accordance with the code provision B.1.4 of CG Code to ensure
independent views and input from any Directors are conveyed to the Board. The Board includes a balanced
composition of executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors)
so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which enables it effectively exercise independent
judgement. External independent professional advice is available as and when required by individual Directors. The
Board reviews annually the implementation and effectiveness of the board independence mechanisms, including but
not limited to assessing the independence of non-executive directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Board also evaluates the board composition and its independence with reference to the requirements under Listing
Rules.

During FY 2024, the Board has completed the review for the implementation and effectiveness of the Board
independence evaluation mechanism and concluded that the results were satisfactory.

Dividend Policy

The Company has adopted a dividend policy on payment of dividends in accordance with code provision F.1.1 of the
CG Code.

The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. According to the dividend policy, payment
of dividends depends on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and
surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Directors may deem relevant.
Dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial
year will be subject to our Shareholders’ approval.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   63
     Corporate Governance Report


     Additionally, we are a holding company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, the payment
     and amount of any future dividends will also depend on the availability of dividends received from our subsidiaries.
     PRC Laws require that dividends be paid only out of the profit for the year determined according to PRC accounting
     principles. When distributing the company’s after-tax profits for the current year, after offsetting losses from previous
     fiscal years, PRC Laws also require companies to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits, if any, to fund its
     statutory reserves, which are not available for distribution as cash dividends, until such statutory reserves reaches 50%
     or more of the company’s registered capital. Dividend distribution to our Shareholders is recognised as a liability in
     the period in which the dividends are approved by our Shareholders or Directors, where appropriate. As advised by
     our Cayman Islands counsel, under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company may pay a dividend out of either
     profits or share premium account. Even if there are accumulated losses, a dividend may be paid out of the share
     premium account, provided that the memorandum and articles of association do not prohibit such payment. In no
     circumstances may a dividend be declared or paid if this would result in the company being unable to pay its debts as
     they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

     Directors’ Responsibility in Respect of the Financial Statements

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
     Reporting Period.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement of the independent auditor of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, about their reporting
     responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual
     report.

     Auditors’ Responsibility and Remuneration

     The Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the external auditor for the Reporting Period. A statement
     by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the
     Independent Auditors’ Report at pages 71 to 76.

     Details of the fees paid and payable in respect of the audit and non-audit services provided by Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu for FY 2024 are set out in the table below. The non-audit services covered tax compliance service, data due
     diligence service and ESG related assurance service.

                                                                                                            Total fees paid
      Services rendered for the Company                                                                       and payable
                                                                                                                  RMB’000


      Audit and review services                                                                                        4,280
      Non-audit services                                                                                                 707


      Total                                                                                                           4,987




64   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report


Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and
reviewing their effectiveness. The risk management and internal control measures are designed to manage rather
than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Company recognises that risk management is critical to the success of the business operation. Accordingly, we
have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems consisting of
policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are dedicated to
continuously improving these systems. We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies
in various aspects of our business operations, such as financial reporting, information system, internal control, and
human resources, and have conducted regular (at least once a year) risk assessments to ensure the effective operation
of our risk assessment management and internal control systems. During the Reporting Period, the Board conducted
an annual review on the effectiveness on the risk management and internal control system of the Company and
considered the system effective and adequate. The annual review also covered the financial reporting and internal
audit function and staff qualifications, experiences and relevant resources.

The Audit Committee, and ultimately the Board, supervise the implementation of risk management policies. Risks
identified by management will be analysed on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly followed up
and mitigated by the Group and the Board.

Some notable areas of risk management focus include:

Financial Risk Management

We have in place a set of accounting policies in connection with our financial reporting risk management, such as
financial management policies, budget management policies, treasury management policies, tax management
policies and accounting manual. We have various procedures and IT systems in place to implement our accounting
policies, and our finance department reviews our management accounts based on such procedures. We also provide
diverse training programs tailored for our finance department employees to ensure that they understand our financial
management and accounting policies and implement them in our daily operations.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   65
     Corporate Governance Report


     Information System Risk Management

     We have implemented a network of process and software controls to protect individual personal information and
     privacy. We encrypt data in network transmission. For back-end storage, we also use various encryption technologies
     at software and hardware levels to protect sensitive data. To minimise the risk of data loss or leakage, we conduct
     regular data backup and data recovery tests. We collect and process data and narrowly tailor their usage to the
     extent possible. In particular:

     •       Data Collection. We collect and process data and narrowly tailor their usage to the extent possible.

     •       Data Security and Privacy. We prioritise data security and privacy by strictly following our defined policy.
             We have a dedicated team to enforce our privacy practises. We have completed the grading and filing for
             our primary business information systems under China’s Multiple-level Protection System according to the
             Administrative Measures for the Graded Protection of Information Security (《信息安全等級保護管理辦法》).
             We have established a coordination mechanism with third parties to handle information security threats in a
             timely manner. We have established company-wide policies to cover various aspects of network security and
             data privacy and protection. We have adopted and implemented various cybersecurity and data protection
             policies which set out technical and organisation measures to protect users’ data privacy and security,
             including: Guidelines for Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment (《個人信息保護影響評估指
             引》), Guidelines for Vendor Data Protection Management (《供應商數據保護管理指引》), Network and Data
             Security Management Policy (《網絡及數據安全管理制度》), Emergency Response Plan for Network and
             Personal Data Security Incidents (《網絡與個人信息安全事件應急預案》), Network Failure Operation Manual
             (《網絡故障操作手冊》), Information Security Operation Protocol (《信息安全操作規範》), Account Password
             Management Policy (《賬號口令管理制度》), Response Plan for Business System Disaster (《業務系統整體災難
             應急預案》), Confidentiality Provisions (《保密條款》), Confidentiality Grading Management Protocol (《保密
             分級管理規範》) and the requirements on data breach and destruction of important files and data in our YSB
             Employee Handbook (《藥師幫員工手冊》). We have also promulgated and issued the Confidentiality and
             File Management System for Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings (《境外發行證券和上市相關保密和檔
             案管理工作制度》) and the Guidelines for the Provision of Due Diligence Data for Overseas Listings Projects
             (《境外上市項目盡調數據提供指引》) to meet the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, including
             the Regulations on Strengthening Confidentiality and File Management for Overseas Securities Offerings
             and Listings of Domestic Enterprises (《關於加強境內企業境外發行證券和上市相關保密和檔案管理工作的規
             定》). We have an internal team dedicated to formulating data protection policy and monitoring data security
             practices, and we hold relevant personnel accountable for unauthorised access and data breaches. We strictly
             comply with laws and regulations and do not distribute or sell personal data for any illegal or unauthorised
             purpose.




66   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report


•      Information Security Measures. At the enterprise level, we established a systematic and universal account
       authorisation and management mechanism based on which we periodically review the status of accounts
       and the related authorisation information. We regularly perform security configuration assessment on our
       databases and servers and implement procedures for system log management. We have put in place a series
       of back-up management procedures. We set the frequency and time interval of back-up plans. We require
       that at least one of our back-up plans, such as local server back-up and offsite back-up, must be followed. We
       perform data recovery tests on a regular basis, and we retain relevant records. We provide information security
       training to our employees and conduct ongoing trainings, and we discuss any issues or necessary updates
       from time to time. We also have an emergency response mechanism to evaluate critical risks, formulate
       disaster response plans and perform emergency drills on a regular basis. Our information security department
       is responsible for ensuring that the usage, maintenance, and protection of data are in compliance with our
       internal rules and the applicable laws and regulations.

Internal Control Risk Management

We have designed and adopted strict internal procedures to ensure the compliance of our business operations with
the relevant rules and regulations. Our internal control team works closely with our business units to (i) perform risk
assessments and give advice on risk management strategies, (ii) improve business process efficiency and monitor
internal control effectiveness, and (iii) promote risk awareness throughout our Company.

With regards to the management of legal and compliance risks, our in-house legal department performs the basic
function of reviewing and updating the form of contracts we enter into with our consumers, merchants and relevant
third parties. Our legal department examines the contract terms and reviews relevant documents for our business
operations, and the necessary underlying due diligence materials, before we enter into any contract or business
arrangements. In addition, our quality control teams under each business group are also responsible for reviewing
the licences and permits of the relevant counterparties and proposed commercial terms before we enter into any
contract or business arrangements. Our in-house legal department reviews our services for regulatory compliance
before they are made available to the general public. Our in-house legal department and administrative department
are responsible for obtaining any requisite governmental pre-approvals or consents, including preparing and
submitting all necessary documents for filing with relevant government authorities within the prescribed regulatory
timelines.

We have also developed disclosure procedures which provide general guidance for the Company’s Directors, senior
management and relevant employees on handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and
responding to enquiries. The Company has implemented internal procedures to prevent any unauthorized access
and use of inside information.

We review the implementation of our risk management policies and measures annually to ensure our policies and
implementation are effective and sufficient.

Human Resources Risk Management

We provide regular and specialised training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
have a training centre which regularly organises internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside
consultants on topics of interest that employees can vote on. The training centre schedules regular online and
classroom trainings, reviews the content of the trainings, follows up with employees to evaluate the impact of such
training and rewards lecturers for positive feedback.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   67
     Corporate Governance Report


     We have in place an employee handbook and a code of conduct approved by our management and have distributed
     them to all our employees. The handbook contains internal rules and guidelines regarding work ethics, fraud
     prevention mechanisms, negligence and corruption. We provide employees with regular training, as well as resources
     to explain the guidelines contained in the employee handbook. We have in place an anti-bribery and corruption
     policy to safeguard against any corruption within our Company. The policy explains potential bribery and corruption
     conduct and our anti-bribery and corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and available
     for our staff to report any bribery and corruption acts, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our anti-
     fraud department. Our anti-fraud department is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking
     appropriate measures.

     Anti-corruption and Bribery Risk Management

     As we and our employees deal with a variety of third parties in our operations, we have implemented internal
     procedures with respect to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and conflict of interest matters. First, we have adopted a
     series of internal regulations against corruption, bribery, and fraudulent activities, which include measures against
     receiving bribes and kickbacks, and misappropriation of company assets. Second, our internal audit department
     carefully evaluates risk events of potential corruption and bribery and conducts investigations when necessary. Third,
     we have implemented clear and strict policies and guidelines that prohibit the acceptance of gifts, hospitality, and
     other offers by interested third parties. Employees are required to acknowledge and accept our internal code of
     business conduct and ethics that lists in detail relevant policies and regulations, including, but not limited to, clear
     definitions of bribery, corruption, and interested parties. Our internal audit department conducts internal audits
     regularly (at least once a year).

     Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight

     We have established the Audit Committee to monitor the implementation of our risk management policies across
     the Company on an ongoing basis to ensure that our internal control system is effective in identifying, managing
     and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. The Audit Committee consists of three members, being
     our independent non-executive Directors. For the professional qualifications and experiences of the members of
     our Audit Committee, see the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. We also
     maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls and
     reporting to the Audit Committee and senior management on any issues identified. Our internal audit department
     members hold regular meetings (at least once a year) with management to discuss any internal control issues we
     face and the corresponding measures to implement toward resolving such issues. The internal audit department also
     reports regularly (at least about once in a half year) to the Audit Committee to ensure that any major issues identified
     are channelled to the committee on a timely basis. The Audit Committee then discusses the issues and reports to the
     Board, if necessary.

     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. Fei Chen and Ms. Emily Fung are the joint company secretaries of the Company. See “Directors and Senior
     Management” of this annual report for their biographies. Mr. Chen (executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of
     the Company) has been designated as the primary corporate contact person at the Company who would work and
     communicate with Ms. Fung on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.

     During the Reporting Year, Mr. Chen and Ms. Fung have each undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




68   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report


SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND COMMUNICATIONS

Shareholder Right to Requisition a General Meeting

Pursuant to Article 9.3 of our articles of association, one or more members holding, as at the date of deposit of the
requisition, in aggregate not less than one-tenth of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in the share
capital of the Company may make a requisition to convene an extraordinary general meeting and/or add resolutions
to the agenda of a general meeting.

Such requisition shall be made in writing (for details of contact information, please see the section “Putting Forward
Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details” below) to the Board or the Secretary for the purpose of requiring an
extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the consideration of any business specified in such
requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition.

If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself
(themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result
of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may achieve this by means of convening an
extraordinary general meeting following the procedures set out in the paragraphs above.

For the procedures for our Shareholders to propose a candidate for election as a director of the Company, please
see the Company’s website at www.ysbang.cn.

Distribution of Corporate Communications to Shareholders

As part of the Company’s initiatives to be more environmentally conscious, the Company has adopted new
arrangements on dissemination of corporate communications on 23 February 2024 which allow the Company’s
transition to electronic communications. Under this new arrangement, we had not distribute printed copies of
corporate communications to Shareholders by default.

Under this updated electronic communications method, the Company has sent an initial notification letter to the
registered address of each Shareholder kept with the Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar. This letter detailed
the updated electronic communications method and include a method by which Shareholders can notify/update
the Company with its nominated functional email address and/or make a specific request for certain corporate
communications to be delivered to them in printed form for a limited of time.

Corporate communications to Shareholders (including circulars and a copy of this report) and other information
published by the Company (including financial results and announcements) can be viewed and downloaded at the
below websites:

Company:                    www.ysbang.cn

Stock Exchange:             www.hkex.com.hk

Additionally, at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will be
available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   69
     Corporate Governance Report


     Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details

     For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company in the
     following manner:

     Attention:                    Joint Company Secretary of YSB Inc.

     Post:                         Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong

     Subject:                      Enquiry from Shareholder of YSB Inc.

     For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
     or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and
     identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law. The
     Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

     Communication with Shareholders and Investors Relations

     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
     and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has adopted a
     shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”), which aims to set out the approach
     of the Board to provide Shareholders of the Company and other stakeholders (including potential investors)
     information about the Company, in a fair and equal manner. In accordance with the Shareholders’ Communication
     Policy, the Company endeavours to maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through
     annual general meetings and other general meetings, at which the Shareholders are able to communicate and share
     opinions with the Board, and exercise their voting rights. At the forthcoming annual general meeting, our Directors (or
     their delegates as appropriate) will be available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

     As set out above in the section headed “Distribution of Corporate Communications to Shareholders”, the Company
     discloses information and publishes corporate communication to the public on the Stock Exchange’s website in
     a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules, the relevant laws and regulations. The primary focus of the
     Company is to ensure information disclosure is timely, fair, accurate, truthful and does not contain any material
     omission, thereby enabling Shareholders, investors as well as the public to make rational and informed decisions.
     To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at www.ysbang.cn, where information and
     updates on the Company’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate governance
     practices and other information are available for public access.

     We annually review the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy (with
     communication channels). Following our review during the Reporting Period, we have concluded that the above
     policy provides sufficient opportunity and avenues for ongoing communication between the Company (including the
     Board and management) and our Shareholders and the results were satisfactory.

     Changes in Constitutional Documents

     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not make any significant changes to its constitutional documents.

     The latest version of our memorandum and articles of association are available on the websites of the Company and
     the Stock Exchange.




70   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report


TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF YSB INC.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 77 to 165, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   71
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Allowance for inventories

      We identified the allowance for inventories as a key       Our procedures in relation to allowance for inventories
      audit matter due to the significance of the balance        included:
      to the consolidated financial statements and the
      management judgments and estimations involved in           •      Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s
      the identification of obsolete or damaged inventories             allowance policy on inventories and the
      and the determination of the net realisable value of the          management’s process over the identification
      inventories.                                                      of obsolete or damaged inventories and the
                                                                        determination of the net realisable value of
      The management identified the obsolete or damaged                 inventories; and
      inventories based on expiry date or physical condition
      of the inventories. The specific factors considered by     •      Evaluating the reasonableness of the Group’s
      management in the estimation of the allowance for                 allowance for inventories by:
      obsolete or damaged inventories include the latest
      sales information, expected market demand and                     •      Observing the Group’s physical inventory
      saleability of inventories.                                              counts to ascertain whether obsolete or
                                                                               damaged inventories were identified;
      As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated
      financial statements, as at 31 December 2024, the                 •      Testing the expiry date of inventories, on
      carrying amount of inventories was approximately                         a sample basis, to the product labels;
      RMB1,464,548,000, net of allowance of approximately
      RMB16,427,000.                                                    •      Tracing the latest selling prices for
                                                                               inventories sold subsequent to the
                                                                               reporting period, on a sample basis, to
                                                                               the relevant sales invoices; and

                                                                 •      Performing retrospective review on the accuracy
                                                                        of management’s assessment relating to the
                                                                        allowance for inventories.




72   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Purchase price allocation (“PPA”) for business combinations

We identified the acquisition of Folding Space (Cayman)     Our procedures in relation to acquisition of Yikuai
Ltd and its subsidiaries (“Yikuai Pharmaceutical”) during   Pharmaceutical:
the year ended 31 December 2024 as a key audit
matter given the magnitude of the identified intangible     •     Obtaining an understanding of management’s
assets and goodwill recognised arising from the                   assessment process of the PPA for business
business combinations, and the significant judgments              combinations;
and estimates involved in the fair value assessment of
the identified intangible assets and the recognition of     •     Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
goodwill arising from the business combinations.                  objectivity of the independent valuation firm;

As disclosed in Note 30 to the consolidated financial       •     Checking the arithmetical accuracy of the
statements, goodwill arising from this acquisition was            calculations underlying the PPA with the
approximately RMB264,038,000, which represented                   assistance of our valuation specialists;
the excess of the consideration paid over the Group’s
share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets      •     Assessing the appropriateness of the valuation
of Yikuai Pharmaceutical, including intangible assets             model and methodology adopted by the
approximately RMB454,233,000 of the acquired                      management and the reasonableness of
subsidiaries.                                                     discount rates used by management with the
                                                                  involvement of our valuation specialists;
With reference to the valuation performed by
independent valuation firm, the valuation of intangible     •     Challenging the reasonableness of the revenue
assets on the acquisition date, was performed based               growth rate and gross profit margin adopted
on key assumptions and estimation used by the                     in the discounted cash flows for the PPA, by
management of the Group including discount rates,                 checking historical budgets against historical
revenue growth rate and forecast gross profit margin.             results and management’s expectations for
                                                                  the future growth of the business acquired and
                                                                  other sources of external information;

                                                            •     Assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                                  in relation to the business combination with
                                                                  reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                                  accounting standards.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   73
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     OTHER INFORMATION

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
     auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
     on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
     GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
     give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
     requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
     necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
     whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
     realistic alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
     We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
     HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
     considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
     decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




74   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
      intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
      may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
      material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
      in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   75
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Chan Men.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     17 March 2025




76   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2024             2023
                                                    Notes        RMB’000           RMB’000


Revenue                                               5        17,903,608             16,972,276
Cost of sales                                                 (16,090,157)           (15,231,353)


Gross profit                                                    1,813,451              1,740,923
Other income                                          6            91,182                 87,730
Other gains and losses                                7            30,232                    901
Changes in fair value of financial liabilities
   at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                        –             (3,171,903)
Impairment losses reversed under expected
   credit loss model, net                            32               265                    2,540
Selling and marketing expenses                                 (1,461,240)             (1,387,290)
Research and development expenses                                 (94,195)                 (93,601)
General and administrative expenses                              (353,989)               (332,597)
Finance costs                                         8           (11,338)                 (10,032)
Listing expenses                                                        –                  (46,868)


Profit (loss) before tax                                           14,368              (3,210,197)
Income tax credit                                    9a               713                   3,690


Profit (loss) for the year                           10            15,081              (3,206,507)
Other comprehensive expense for the year                                –                       –


Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
  income (expense) for the year                                    15,081              (3,206,507)


Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
  income (expense) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                            30,013              (3,189,212)
  Non-controlling interests                                       (14,932)                 (17,295)


                                                                   15,081              (3,206,507)


Earnings (loss) per share
  Basic and diluted (RMB)                            13               0.05                   (8.26)




                                                                         YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   77
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 31 December 2024



                                                           As at 31 December
                                                              2024              2023
                                               Notes      RMB’000            RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment, net        14          66,852            69,586
      Right-of-use assets                       15         201,970           140,130
      Intangible assets                         16         526,498            85,311
      Goodwill                                  17         273,290             9,252
      Deferred tax assets                       9b           4,066             4,524
      Time deposits                             21         254,000            40,000


                                                         1,326,676           348,803


      Current assets
      Inventories                                   18   1,464,548          1,470,293
      Trade and other receivables                   19     582,657            457,715
      Financial assets at FVTPL                     20     695,949            865,493
      Time deposits                                 21     281,574            289,673
      Restricted bank deposits                      22   1,134,621          1,105,992
      Bank balances and cash                        22   1,009,082            673,874


                                                         5,168,431          4,863,040


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                      23   (3,739,673)       (3,105,738)
      Contract liabilities                          24      (29,608)           (10,308)
      Lease liabilities                             25      (82,271)           (62,550)
      Bank borrowings                               26      (21,207)           (57,508)


                                                         (3,872,759)       (3,236,104)


      Net current assets                                 1,295,672          1,626,936


      Total assets less current liabilities              2,622,348          1,975,739




78   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                       As at 31 December 2024



                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                              Notes             RMB’000            RMB’000


 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                              25              (130,036)                (89,603)
 Deferred tax liabilities                                       9b              (114,977)                  (2,598)
 Contingent consideration payables                              30              (108,691)                       –


                                                                                (353,704)                (92,201)


 Net assets                                                                    2,268,644              1,883,538


 Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                                  27                    12                     11
 Reserves                                                                      2,319,051              1,919,751


 Equities attributable to owners of the Company                                2,319,063              1,919,762
 Non-controlling interests                                                       (50,419)                (36,224)


 Total equities                                                                2,268,644              1,883,538


The consolidated financial statements on pages 77 to 165 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
directors on 17 March 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    Buzhen Zhang                                               Fei Chen
                     DIRECTOR                                                 DIRECTOR




                                                                                        YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   79
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                                         Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                                            Share-
                                                                             Deferred                       based                                                         Non-         Total
                                                      Share        Share consideration      Capital      payments         Treasury    Accumulated                   controlling     (deficits)
                                                     Capital    premium         shares    reserves1       reserves          shares         losses     Sub-total       interests      equities
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2023                             2             –            –       39,890          59,174              –      (4,449,847)   (4,350,781)       (18,929)   (4,369,710)


         Loss and total comprehensive
            expense for the year                          –             –            –            –               –              –      (3,189,212)   (3,189,212)       (17,295)   (3,206,507)
         Issue of new shares upon the initial
            public offerings (the “IPO”)
            (as detailed in Note 27)                       *     317,132             –            –               –              –               –      317,132               –      317,132
         Transaction costs attributable
            to issue of new shares                        –       (39,243)           –            –               –              –               –       (39,243)             –       (39,243)
         Automatic conversion of preferred shares
            upon the IPO (as detailed in Note 27)         9     9,043,936            –            –               –              –               –     9,043,945              –     9,043,945
         Recognition of equity-settled
            share-based payments (Note 28)                –             –            –            –         118,278              –               –      118,278               –      118,278
         Purchase of shares for the award
            share scheme (Note 27)                        –             –            –            –               –         (4,829)              –        (4,829)             –        (4,829)
         Transfer forfeited equity-settled
            share-based payments to
            accumulated losses (Note 28)                  –            –             –            –           (2,825)            –          2,825             –               –            –
         Exercise of share options (Note 28)              *       48,605             –            –         (24,133)             –              –        24,472               –       24,472


         As at 31 December 2023                          11     9,370,430            –       39,890         150,494         (4,829)     (7,636,234)    1,919,762        (36,224)    1,883,538


         Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
            income (expense) for the year                 –           –             –             –               –              –        30,013        30,013         (14,932)      15,081
         Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 30)            1     184,024        41,770             –               –              –             –       225,795             737      226,532
         Recognition of equity-settled
            share-based payments (Note 28)                –             –            –            –        137,692               –               –     137,692                –     137,692
         Purchase of shares for the award
            share scheme (Note 27)                        –             –            –            –               –         (2,210)              –       (2,210)              –       (2,210)
         Exercise of share options and
            vesting of RSUs2 (Note 28)                     *     70,568              –            –        (62,322)           (235)              –        8,011               –        8,011


         As at 31 December 2024                          12    9,625,022       41,770       39,890         225,864          (7,274)    (7,606,221)    2,319,063        (50,419)    2,268,644

     *             Amount is less than RMB1,000.

     1.            Capital reserves mainly represented deemed contribution from a shareholder arising from the waive of the amount of approximately
                   RMB30,925,000 due from YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”).

     2.            RSU is defined in Note 3.2 Share-based payments.




80   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit (loss) before tax                                                  14,368              (3,210,197)

Adjustment for:
Finance costs                                                             11,338                 10,032
Bank interest income                                                     (52,763)               (49,139)
Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                         (21,596)               (15,717)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                             34,542                 41,449
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       77,843                 78,685
Amortisation of intangible assets                                         16,201                 13,936
Write down (reversal of write down) for obsolete inventories               2,243                      (99)
Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                       (24,983)                 (5,015)
Changes in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL                        –              3,171,903
Changes in fair value of contingent consideration payables                (5,922)                       –
Impairment losses reversed under expected credit loss model, net            (265)                 (2,540)
Share-based payment expense                                              137,692                118,278
Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                        2,295                     329
Net foreign exchange (gains) losses                                       (3,061)                  3,300


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                 187,932                155,205

Decrease (increase) in inventories                                       150,147                (454,026)
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables                       (56,624)                  56,080
Increase in trade and other payables                                     373,975                 708,069
Increase (decrease) in contract liabilities                                  428                  (14,126)


Cash generated from operations                                           655,858                451,202
Income taxes paid                                                              –                      –


NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                       655,858                451,202




                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   81
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


      INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                          (23,009)         (17,205)
      Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                1,337            4,102
      Purchase of intangible assets                                         (394)            (344)
      Placement of time deposits                                      (1,266,354)        (504,787)
      Withdrawal of time deposits                                      1,020,780          617,420
      Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                          (12,075,024)      (8,540,568)
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL             12,269,551        8,391,166
      Investment income received from financial assets at FVTPL           21,596           15,717
      Bank interest income received                                       52,763           49,139
      Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                   (263,045)               –
      Repayment from a shareholder                                             –                2
      Placement of restricted bank deposits                           (2,376,707)      (2,136,284)
      Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                           2,384,927        1,328,696


      NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                            (253,579)         (792,946)


      FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Repayment of lease liabilities                                     (81,608)        (81,461)
      New bank borrowings raised                                          62,939           57,508
      Repayment of bank borrowings                                       (99,240)                –
      Interest paid                                                      (11,338)        (10,032)
      Proceeds from issue of shares                                            –         317,132
      Purchase of shares for the award share scheme                       (2,210)           (4,829)
      Share issue cost paid                                                    –          (33,798)
      Proceeds from exercise of share options                             21,652           10,823


      NET CASH (USED IN) FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                     (109,805)         255,343


      NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS              292,474           (86,401)
      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                745,693          835,394
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                             3,061             (3,300)


      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR                    1,041,228          745,693


      Represented by
      Bank balances and cash                                          1,009,082          673,874
      Time deposits with original maturity of three months or less       32,146           71,819


                                                                      1,041,228          745,693




82   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



1.   GENERAL

     The Company was incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
     27 August 2018 under the Company laws of the Cayman Islands. Its immediate holding company is MIYT
     Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”). The shares of the Company
     had been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
     28 June 2023 (the “Listing”).

     The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are set out in the
     corporate information section of the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Group mainly operates online platform that provide
     wholesale and retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and online marketplace service to the
     pharmaceutical and healthcare manufacturers. The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are
     in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International
     Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual
     period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IFRS 16                            Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
     Amendments to IAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
     Amendments to IAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
     Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                   Supplier Finance Arrangements

     The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s
     financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
     consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.      APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
             STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

             New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

             The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are
             not yet effective:

             Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                            Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                          Financial Instruments3
             Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                            Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
             Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                          Associate or Joint Venture1
             Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                    Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards –
                                                                          Volume 113
             Amendments to IAS 21                                       Lack of Exchangeability2
             IFRS 18                                                    Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4

             1
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
             2
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
             3
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
             4
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


             Except for the new IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all
             other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in
             the foreseeable future.

             IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

             IFRS 18 sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures in financial statements and it will replace IAS
             1 Presentation of Financial Statements. The new standard introduces new requirements to present specified
             categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-
             defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
             disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. Minor amendments to IAS 7
             Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

             IFRS 18 and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1
             January 2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the
             presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements.
             The Group will continue to assess the impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




84   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs Accounting
           Standards issued by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements,
           information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions
           made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
           disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
           Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     3.2   Material accounting policy information

           Basis of consolidation

           The consolidated financial statements incorporates the financial statements of the Company and
           entities (including the consolidated affiliated entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries.
           Control is achieved when the Company:

           •      has power over the investee;

           •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
           there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
           when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
           acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
           from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
           to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
           controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
           accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
           between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
           which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets
           of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Business combinations

                     A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
                     process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes
                     are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including
                     an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
                     processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
                     considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability
                     to continue producing outputs.

                     Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for
                     using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured
                     at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred
                     by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
                     interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
                     generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                     The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
                     liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
                     transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent
                     Assets or IFRIC-Int 21 Levies, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC-Int 21 instead of the
                     Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent
                     assets are not recognised.

                     At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
                     their fair value, except that:

                     •       lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease
                             payments (as defined in IFRS 16 Leases) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the
                             acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the
                             acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised
                             and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable
                             or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

                     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
                     controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest
                     in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed
                     as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and
                     liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
                     interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if
                     any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.




86   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Business combinations (Continued)

           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
           proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
           measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
           acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a
           transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their fair
           value.

           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
           consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair
           value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in
           the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are
           adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional
           information obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the
           acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement
           period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent
           consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its
           subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an
           asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding
           gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

           Goodwill

           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
           acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
           units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
           combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
           management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

           A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated
           is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
           impaired.

           Revenue from contracts with customers

           The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when control of
           the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customers.




                                                                                          YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
                     or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

                     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
                     towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                     met:

                     •       the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                             performance as the Group performs;

                     •       the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                             performs; or

                     •       the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                             Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                     good or service.

                     The Group mainly engaged in wholesales of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
                     through its online platform. The Group also engaged in retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare
                     products through its retail shops. In addition, the Group operates online platform that enable the
                     pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own pharmaceutical and healthcare products using
                     the Group’s online platform.

                     The Group evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross amounts of product sales or services
                     provided and related costs, or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Group is a principal,
                     that the Group obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the
                     customers, the revenue should be recognised in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects
                     to be entitled in exchange for the specified goods or services transferred. When the Group is an agent
                     and its obligation is to facilitate third parties in fulfilling their performance obligation for specified
                     goods or services, in which case the Group does not control the specified goods or services provided
                     by third parties before those goods or services are transferred to the customer, the revenue should be
                     recognised in the net amount for the amount of commission which the Group earns in exchange for
                     arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by other parties.

                     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
                     which the Group has received consideration from the customer.

                     Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Trade receivables
                     represent amounts invoiced and revenue recognised prior to invoicing when the Group has satisfied
                     the Group’s performance obligation and has the unconditional right to payment.



88   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

           Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

           For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (i.e. contracts related to the software
           and service), the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative
           stand-alone selling price basis.

           The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation
           is determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
           good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
           Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated
           to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
           entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

           Specifically, revenue is recognised as follows:

           Product Revenue

           The Group mainly engaged in wholesales of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
           through its online platform. The Group also engaged in retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare
           products through its retail shops. The Group recognises product revenue on a gross basis as the Group
           is acting as a principal in these transactions and is responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the
           specified goods. Product revenue is recognised upon customers’ acceptance of product delivery, net
           of discounts and return allowances. Transportation and handling activities that occur before customers
           obtain control are considered as fulfilment activities.

           Service Revenue

           The service revenue primarily consists of i) commission fees charged to pharmaceutical distributors
           and vendors participating on the online marketplace through the Group’s online platform; ii) service
           revenue received from third-party pharmacies for the access right granted to them for use of the
           Group’s software; and iii) service revenue received from provision of medical testing services to primary
           healthcare institutions.

           As for the commission charged related to the online platform, the Group generally is acting as an
           agent and its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or services
           by those pharmaceutical distributors and vendors. Upon successful sales, the Group charges the
           pharmaceutical distributors and vendors commission fee revenue based on a certain percentage
           of sales, net of discounts and return allowances. Commission fee revenue is recognised upon end
           customers’ acceptance of product delivery on a net basis.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                     Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price) (Continued)

                     Service Revenue (Continued)

                     As for the service revenue charged related to the one-time usage fee and service fee for the inventory
                     management related SaaS solution provided to the downstream pharmacies, the Group is acting
                     as a principal and its performance obligation is to provide the access right to pharmacies to use the
                     Group’s software. Since the pharmacies simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided
                     by the Group’s performance as the Group performs, revenue from the software services therefore are
                     recognised over time on the straight-line base during the service period which less than one year.

                     As for the service revenue charged related to the medical testing services, the Group is acting as a
                     principal and its performance obligation is to perform the testing and generate testing results to the
                     primary healthcare institutions. The Group recognises revenue at a point in time when the Group
                     delivers the testing results to the primary healthcare institutions.

                     Cost of sales

                     Cost of sales consists primarily of purchase price of products, transaction processing fees and write-
                     downs of inventories.

                     The Group periodically receives considerations from certain vendors, representing rebates for products
                     purchased. The rebates are not sufficiently separable from the Group’s purchase of the vendors’
                     products and they do not represent a reimbursement of costs incurred by the Group to sell vendors’
                     products. The Group accounts for the rebates received from its vendors as a reduction to the prices
                     it pays for the products purchased and therefore the Group records such amounts as a reduction of
                     carrying value of the inventories for inventories still held by the Group at the end of the reporting
                     period or as a reduction of cost of sales for inventories sold before the end of each reporting period.

                     Leases

                     Definition of a lease

                     The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at
                     inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the
                     contract are subsequently changed.




90   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Leases (Continued)

           The Group as a lessee

           Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12
           months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
           recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases
           of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over
           the lease term. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as
           expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

           •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

           •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                  received.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
           and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

           Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life
           and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.

           Lease liabilities

           At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
           present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
           payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
           interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

           The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
           incentives receivable.

           After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Leases (Continued)

                     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                     Lease liabilities (Continued)

                     The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-
                     of-use assets) when a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a
                     separate lease (see below for the accounting policy for “lease modifications”).

                     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                     position.

                     Lease modifications

                     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

                     •       the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more
                             underlying assets; and

                     •       the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone
                             price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to
                             reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

                     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the
                     lease liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease
                     by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
                     modification.

                     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments
                     to the relevant right-of-use assets.

                     Foreign currencies

                     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
                     than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
                     prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
                     denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
                     items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

                     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
                     items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




92   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Government grants

           Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
           with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

           Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
           already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
           related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such
           grants are presented under “other income”.

           Retirement benefits costs

           Payments to state-managed retirement benefit schemes are recognised as an expense when
           employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

           Short-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected
           to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
           recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
           cost of an asset.

           A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
           and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

           Share-based payments

           Equity-settled share-based payments transactions

           Restricted share units (“RSU”s)/share options granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
           at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

           The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
           taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed using straight-line basis over
           the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest,
           with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of the reporting
           period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
           assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
           estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
           estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to share-based payments reserve. For RSUs/share options
           that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the share options granted is expensed
           immediately to profit or loss.



                                                                                          YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Share-based payments (Continued)

                     Equity-settled share-based payments transactions (Continued)

                     Restricted share units (“RSU”s)/share options granted to employees (Continued)

                     Reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting
                     date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based
                     payments reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

                     When RSUs granted are vested, the amount previously recognized in share-based payments reserve
                     will be transferred to share premium.

                     Taxation

                     Income tax expense represents the sum of the current and deferred income tax expense.

                     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/loss
                     before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
                     are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
                     enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

                     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
                     liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
                     computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
                     differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences
                     to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible
                     temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the
                     temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets
                     and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at
                     the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
                     In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
                     recognition of goodwill.

                     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
                     subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it
                     is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
                     arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised
                     to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the
                     benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.




94   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Taxation (Continued)

           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced
           to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
           part of the asset to be recovered.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
           in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been
           enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
           from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
           the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
           the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
           deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
           applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The
           Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that
           taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a
           deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
           tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
           entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.

           Property, plant and equipment

           Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
           goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress). Property, plant
           and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent
           accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress)
           less their residual values over their estimated useful lives (as below), using the straight-line method.
           The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the
           reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.




                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                                                                                    Useful lives

                     Leasehold improvement                                          Over the term of the lease
                     Plant and machinery                                            5 to 10 years
                     Motor vehicles                                                 5 years
                     Office equipment                                               3 to 5 years

                     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
                     benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
                     disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
                     between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

                     Intangible assets

                     Intangible assets acquired separately

                     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
                     accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
                     with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives (as below).

                     The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period,
                     with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

                     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure

                     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

                     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
                     initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

                     Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
                     lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
                     the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.




96   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Intangible assets (Continued)

           The Group’s intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as:

                                                                         Useful lives

           Licences and franchise                                        10 years
           Business relationship                                         10 to 15 years
           Brand name                                                    15 years
           Office software                                               3 to 10 years

           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other
           than goodwill

           At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
           and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether
           there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists,
           the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
           impairment loss (if any).

           The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
           are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
           Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
           generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
           they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
           allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating
           unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
           carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
             ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other
                     than goodwill (Continued)

                     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
                     in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
                     rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
                     asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

                     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
                     amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable
                     amount. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
                     amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the
                     carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount
                     of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its
                     value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have
                     been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-
                     generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                     Inventories

                     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
                     determined on specific identification method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
                     price for inventories less costs necessary to make the sales. Costs necessary to make the sale include
                     incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
                     incur to make the sale.

                     Financial instruments

                     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
                     contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
                     recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
                     sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation
                     or convention in the market place.




98   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade and note
           receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS
           15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
           acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial
           liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial
           liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition
           of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
           financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
           effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
           (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
           transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
           or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
           recognition.

           Financial assets

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

           •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                  flows; and

           •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                  principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
              ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

              3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                      Financial instruments (Continued)

                      Financial assets (Continued)

                      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

                      (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                              Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                              subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                              rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
                              subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently
                              become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
                              to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on
                              the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-
                              impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                              carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of each reporting period following the
                              determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

                      (ii)    Financial assets at FVTPL

                              Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or fair value
                              through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) or designated as FVTOCI are measured at
                              FVTPL.

                              Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, with any
                              fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss and is included in “other gains and losses”
                              line item.

                              The dividend or interest earned on the financial assets at FVTPL and is included in “other
                              income” line item.




100   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
           assets (including trade and other receivables, time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank
           balances), which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each
           reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
           of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime
           ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting
           date. Assessment is done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors
           that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
           conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

           The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade and note receivables.

           For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
           there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
           recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
           significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

           (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                  In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                  compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as of the reporting date with
                  the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as of the date of initial recognition. In
                  making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that
                  is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information
                  that is available without undue cost or effort.




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
              ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

              3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                      Financial instruments (Continued)

                      Financial assets (Continued)

                      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                      (Continued)

                      (i)     Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

                              In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                              has increased significantly:

                              •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                                     available) or internal credit rating;

                              •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                                     increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                              •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                                     are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                                     obligations;

                              •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                              •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                                     technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                                     debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                              Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
                              has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
                              days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
                              otherwise.

                              The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                              has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
                              criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
                              past due.




102   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
           (Continued)

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                   is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                   collaterals held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
                   is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                   demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                   the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                   asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)    the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                          borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                          lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation.

           (iv)    Write-off policy

                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
                   in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                   counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings,
                   or in the case of trade and note receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due,
                   whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
                   activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                   appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are
                   recognised in profit or loss.

                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
              ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

              3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                      Financial instruments (Continued)

                      Financial assets (Continued)

                      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                      (Continued)

                      (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL

                              The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                              magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                              probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-
                              looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount
                              that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

                              Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
                              Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                              discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                              Lifetime ECL for trade and note receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                              consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                              macroeconomic information.

                              For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                              formulating the grouping:

                              •      Past-due status;

                              •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                              •      External credit ratings where available.

                              The grouping is regularly reviewed by the directors of the Company to ensure the constituents
                              of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                              Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
                              the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
                              amortised cost of the financial asset.

                              The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments
                              by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and note receivables where the
                              corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.




104   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)

           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in
           that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. For financial
           assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences
           are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item as part of the gains/(losses)
           from changes in fair value of financial assets (Note 7).

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
           the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership of the asset to another entity.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
           carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
           loss.

           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
           the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
           instrument.

           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by a group entity are recognised at the
           proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

           Financial liabilities

           All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
           or at FVTPL.

           Financial liabilities at FVTPL

           Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is contingent consideration of
           an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies.

                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
              ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

              3.2     Material accounting policy information (Continued)

                      Financial instruments (Continued)

                      Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

                      Classification as debt or equity (Continued)

                      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                      Financial liabilities including trade and other payables and bank borrowings are subsequently
                      measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

                      Foreign exchange gains and losses

                      For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost
                      at the end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on
                      the amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the
                      ‘Other gains and losses’ line item in profit or loss (Note 7) as part of net foreign exchange gains/(losses)
                      for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.

                      The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign
                      currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that
                      are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses
                      and is recognised in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging
                      relationship.

                      Derecognition of financial liabilities

                      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
                      discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                      liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

      4.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
              UNCERTAINTY

              In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the management of the Group are required to make
              judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
              readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
              experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

              The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
              estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
              or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.




106   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

     Critical judgement in applying accounting policies

     The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the directors
     of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most
     significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

     Consolidation of affiliated entities

     The Group obtained control over PRC domestic companies, Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology
     Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudao”) and Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou
     Yaobang”), by entering into a series of the contractual arrangements with the PRC domestic companies and
     their respective nominee shareholders (collectively, the “Contractual Arrangements”). Nevertheless, the
     Contractual Arrangements and other measures may not be as effective as direct legal ownership in providing
     the Group with direct control over the PRC domestic companies and uncertainties presented by the PRC legal
     system could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights of the results, assets and liabilities of the PRC domestic
     companies. The directors of the Company, based on the advice of its legal counsel, consider that the
     Contractual Arrangements among PRC domestic companies and their respective Nominee Shareholders are
     in compliance with the relevant PRC Laws and are legally enforceable.

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
     at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
     carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Allowance for inventories

     The Group records inventories at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Allowance for inventories is
     provided for those identified obsolete or damaged inventories; and inventories with a carrying amount higher
     than net realisable value. Regular operational procedures have been in place to monitor the allowance for
     inventories due to the significant balance involved and nature of the inventories is subject to expiry date.

     The management identified the obsolete or damaged inventories based on expiry date or physical condition
     of the inventories. The specific factors considered by management in the estimation of the allowance for
     obsolete or damaged inventories include the latest sales information, expected market demand and saleability
     of inventories. Although the Group carries out regular reviews on the net realisable value of inventories, the
     actual realisable value of inventories is not known until the sales are concluded.

     As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amounts of inventories of the Group were approximately
     RMB1,464,548,000 (2023: RMB1,470,293,000), net of allowance for inventories of approximately RMB16,427,000
     (2023: RMB14,184,000).




                                                                                             YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      4.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
              UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

              Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

              Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets

              Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated
              depreciation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired or the event previously
              causing the impairment no longer exists, the management of the Group has to exercise judgement and
              make assumptions, particularly when assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may
              affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount,
              in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the
              continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the value in use
              included in the cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the
              recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable
              amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong, including allocation of corporate assets
              when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable amount is
              determined at the smallest group of cash generating units, for which the relevant corporate assets have been
              allocated. Changing the underlying assumptions and key inputs, including but not limited to the forecasted
              revenue, gross profit margins and discount rates, in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the
              estimated recoverable amounts.

              Determining whether property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are impaired
              requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating
              units) to which property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets have been allocated,
              which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
              the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a group of
              cash-generating units) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual
              future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward
              revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further
              impairment loss may arise. Furthermore, the cash flows projections and discount rate are subject to greater
              uncertainties due to uncertainty on how the volatility or disruptions in energy, financial, foreign currency or
              commodity markets may progress and evolve.

              For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no impairment loss was recognised for property, plant
              and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. As at 31 December 2024, the aggregate carrying
              amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are approximately
              RMB795,320,000 (2023: RMB295,027,000). Details of the recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in Note
              14.




108   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     Fair value assessment of the identifiable assets and liabilities and the recognition of goodwill arising
     from business acquisition

     The Group measures the identifiable assets and liabilities at fair value and recognizes goodwill as the
     difference between the acquisition consideration and the share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable
     net assets as at the acquisition date.

     The assessment of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities involves significant estimate and judgment
     of the management, especially the identification of intangible assets and the assessment of fair value of
     such assets, which affects the recognition of goodwill accordingly. The assessment of the fair value of
     identifiable net assets as at the acquisition date covers identification of intangible assets, selection of
     valuation approaches and forecast of future cash flows, involving significant estimates and judgments of key
     assumptions such as revenue growth rate, gross profit margin and discount rate. Different inputs used for the
     key assumptions may result in significant difference in fair value assessment.

     As disclosed in Note 30, goodwill arising from the acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended 31
     December 2024 amounted RMB264,038,000, which represented the excess of the consideration paid over
     the Group’s share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets, including intangible assets amounting to
     RMB454,233,000 of the acquired subsidiaries.




                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      5.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

              The Group mainly engaged in i) wholesales of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online
              through its online platform; ii) retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products through its retail shops;
              iii) operating online platform that enable the pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own
              pharmaceutical and healthcare products using the Group’s online platform; iv) providing SaaS solution to
              downstream pharmacies to streamline their inventory management; and v) providing medical testing services
              to primary healthcare institutions.

              (a)     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Type of goods or services:
                         Self-operation business (Note (i))                                              16,972,895                 16,036,245
                         Online marketplace services (Note (ii))                                            881,075                    873,119
                         Others (Note (iii))                                                                 49,638                     62,912


                         Total                                                                           17,903,608                 16,972,276


                         Timing of revenue recognition:
                         At a point in time                                                              17,885,843                 16,960,080
                         Over time                                                                           17,765                     12,196


                         Total                                                                           17,903,608                 16,972,276

                      Notes:

                      (i)        The Group sells pharmaceutical and healthcare products mainly to pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions.

                      (ii)       The marketplace services revenue represents the commission received by the Group from distributors and vendors
                                 using the Group’s online platform, which is recognised upon end customers’ acceptance and is charged based on
                                 a certain percentage of sales, net of discounts and return allowances made by the distributors and vendors through
                                 the Group’s online platform.

                      (iii)      Others mainly includes

                                 (1)     The Group collects one-time usage fee and service fee for the inventory management related to the SaaS
                                         solution provided to the downstream pharmacies, which helps pharmacies to streamline their inventory
                                         management.

                                 (2)     The Group provides diagnostic testing services and generates testing results to primary healthcare
                                         institutions.




110   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024



5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     (b)     Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
             with customers

             All contracts with customers are for period of one year or less. As permitted by IFRS 15, the transaction
             price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     (c)     Segment information

             Information is reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating
             decision maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.
             The accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. No other analysis of the
             Group’s results nor assets and liabilities is regularly provided to the CODM for review and the CODM
             reviews the overall results and financial position of the Group as a whole. Accordingly, the CODM has
             identified one operating segment and only entity-wide disclosures are presented in accordance with
             IFRS 8 Operating Segments.

     (d)     Geographic information

             The Group principally operates in the PRC, which is also the place of domicile. The Group’s revenue is
             all derived from operations in the PRC for both years and the Group’s non-current assets are all located
             in the PRC.

     (e)     Information about major customers

             There was no revenue derived from transactions with a single external customer which amounted to
             10% or more of the Group’s revenue for both years.

6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


      Government grants (Note)                                                                  12,143                    21,090
      Bank interest income                                                                      52,763                    49,139
      Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                                          21,596                    15,717
      Others                                                                                     4,680                     1,784


                                                                                                91,182                    87,730

     Note:   It represented cash received from unconditional grants by the local government to encourage the business operations in
             the PRC. Government grants are recognised in profit or loss when received.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024    111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      7.      OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


               Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                         (2,295)                (329)
               Donations                                                                   (1,439)                (485)
               Net foreign exchange gains (losses)                                          3,061               (3,300)
               Gains from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL               24,983                5,015
               Gains from changes in fair value of
                 contingent consideration payables                                          5,922                    –


                                                                                           30,232                  901


      8.      FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


               Interest expense on lease liabilities                                        8,889                8,536
               Interest expense on discounted note receivables                              2,449                1,496


                                                                                           11,338               10,032


      9a.     INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


               PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”):
               Current tax                                                                      –                    –
               Deferred tax (Note 9b)                                                        (713)              (3,690)


                                                                                             (713)              (3,690)


              The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under
              the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and is exempted from the Cayman Islands income tax.

              No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the Group
              had no assessable profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax for both years.




112   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024



9a.   INCOME TAX CREDIT (CONTINUED)

      Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the PRC EIT
      rate of subsidiaries of the Group operating in the PRC was 25% for both years.

      Certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to “small and thin-profit enterprises” will benefit from a
      preferential tax rate of 20% under the EIT Law. For both years, the qualifying group entities enjoyed 75%
      reduction on annual taxable income on first RMB3,000,000. As a result, such PRC subsidiaries were eligible for
      a preferential enterprise EIT for their respective tax holiday.

      Certified high and new technology enterprises (“HNTE”) are entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15%.
      Guangzhou Sudaoyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudaoyi”) and Hunan Folding Space
      Internet Technology Co., Ltd. (“Folding Space Internet”) has been qualified as an HNTE and enjoyed a
      preferential income tax rate of 15%, which is subjected to review and renewal every three years. The HNTE
      Certificate of Guangzhou Sudaoyi remains valid for 3 years since 2021, and has been renewed for next three
      years in 2024. The HNTE Certificate of Folding Space Internet remains valid for 3 years since 2022, and will
      be renewed for next three years in 2025. In addition, Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Sudaoyi, Guangzhou
      Yaobang, Guangzhou Xiaoweicang Smart Drug Store Technology Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Spectrum Health
      Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Yizheng Biotechnology R&D Co., Ltd. and Folding Space Internet enjoyed super
      deduction of 200% of qualifying research and development expenses as tax deductible expenses for both
      years, pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation of
      the PRC.

      The income tax credit for the year can be reconciled to the profit (loss) before tax per the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                     2023
                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000


        Profit (loss) before tax                                                                 14,368                (3,210,197)


        Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                                 3,592                 (802,549)
        Tax effect of super deduction for research and
          development expenses (Note a)                                                         (14,986)                  (17,520)
        Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose (Note b)                            9,434                  840,784
        Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                  54,711                    52,946
        Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                     (53,464)                 (77,351)


                                                                                                    (713)                  (3,690)

      Notes:

      (a)      The eligible expenditures represent research and development costs incurred in the PRC and charged to profit or loss,
               which is subject to an additional 100% tax deduction in the calculation of income tax expense for both years.

      (b)      The non-deductible expenses for the year ended 31 December 2023 mainly represent changes in fair value of financial
               liabilities at FVTPL.




                                                                                                        YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024    113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      9a.     INCOME TAX CREDIT (CONTINUED)

              As at 31 December 2024, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB1,392,851,000, (2023:
              RMB1,399,756,000), available for offset against future profits. Due to the unpredictability of future profit
              streams, no deferred tax asset had been recognised for these unused tax losses. The expiry dates of the
              unrecognised tax losses are disclosed in the following table. With effect from 1 January 2018, unused tax
              losses occurred five years prior to the year in which the entity becomes qualified as an HNTE shall be allowed
              to be carried forward to subsequent years, and the maximum carry-forward period of such tax losses shall be
              extended from 5 years to 10 years.

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


               2024                                                                                   –                 164,153
               2025                                                                             178,868                 203,304
               2026                                                                             336,812                 328,581
               2027                                                                             370,042                 377,913
               2028                                                                             222,012                 211,785
               2029                                                                             227,288                       –
               2030                                                                               9,023                       –
               2031                                                                              10,487                   3,371
               2032                                                                              24,816                 110,649
               2033                                                                              12,609                       –
               2034                                                                                 894                       –


                                                                                              1,392,851               1,399,756


      9b.     DEFERRED TAXATION

              For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
              and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
              purposes:

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


               Deferred tax assets                                                                 4,066                   4,524
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                         (114,977)                 (2,598)


                                                                                                (110,911)                 1,926




114   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024



9b.   DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised and movements thereon during the
      current and prior years:

                                                 Fair value
                                                adjustment                                    Right-
                                                in business         ECL     Inventory         of-use           Lease
                                               combination     provision     provision       assets        liabilities        Total
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


       At 1 January 2023                             (3,984)       1,035        1,185         (41,437)        41,437           (1,764)
       Credit (charge) to profit or loss                609         (417)       1,563           5,334          (3,399)          3,690


       At 31 December 2023                           (3,375)        618         2,748         (36,103)        38,038            1,926
       Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 30)       (113,550)           –            –               –              –         (113,550)
       Credit (charge) to profit or loss              1,242           (5)        (192)        (15,371)        15,039              713


       At 31 December 2024                        (115,683)         613         2,556        (51,474)        53,077         (110,911)


10.   PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR

      Profit (loss) for the year has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


       Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                         15,926,813                   15,054,203
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            34,542                       41,449
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                      77,843                       78,685
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                        16,201                       13,936
       Write down (reversal of write down) for obsolete inventories                              2,243                           (99)
       Auditors’ remunerations                                                                   4,280                        3,900
       Listing expenses                                                                              –                       46,868

       Staff costs:
       Directors’ emoluments (Note 11)                                                           11,190                      23,647
       Other staff costs
         – Salaries and other allowances                                                       921,830                      891,617
         – Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                          55,820                       49,233
         – Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                         131,545                       99,818


       Total staff costs                                                                     1,120,385                    1,064,315




                                                                                                         YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024     115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      11.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

              Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments

              Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
              and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                         Retirement           Equity-
                                                                  Salaries Performance      benefits          settled
                                                                      and       related      scheme      share-based
               Name                                   Fee     allowances         bonus contributions       payments        Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


               Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Note i)                 –           878            300            60              –       1,238
               Mr. Fei Chen                              –         2,404            601             –          6,147       9,152
               Mr. Ziyang Zhu                            –             –              –             –              –           –
               Ms. Rong Shao                             –           300              –             –              –         300
               Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun                        –           200              –             –              –         200
               Mr. Hongqiang Zhao                        –           300              –             –              –         300


                                                         –         4,082            901            60          6,147     11,190


                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                           Retirement         Equity-
                                                                  Salaries   Performance      benefits        settled
                                                                      and         related      scheme    share-based
               Name                                    Fee    allowances           bonus contributions     payments       Total
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


               Mr. Buzhen Zhang (Note i)                 –            819            500            55             –       1,374
               Mr. Fei Chen                              –          2,404          1,000             –        18,460      21,864
               Mr. Frank Lin (Note ii)                   –              –              –             –             –           –
               Mr. Ziyang Zhu                            –              –              –             –             –           –
               Ms. Rong Shao                             –            153              –             –             –         153
               Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun                        –            103              –             –             –         103
               Mr. Hongqiang Zhao                        –            153              –             –             –         153


                                                         –          3,632          1,500            55        18,460      23,647




116   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024



11.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)

      Notes:

      (i)      Mr. Buzhen Zhang acts as chief executive of the Company for both years and his emoluments disclosed above included
               those for services rendered by him as the chief executive in management of the affairs of the group entities.

      (ii)     Mr. Frank Lin has been resigned from the director of the Company on 14 November 2023.


      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were
      for their services as directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The independent non-executive directors’
      emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company.

      The performance related bonus is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the relevant
      individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.

      There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
      remuneration during both years.

      Employees’ emoluments

      The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included one (2023: one) director, details of
      whose remuneration are set out above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2023:
      four) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


         Salaries and allowances                                                                   3,930                  3,835
         Performance related bonus                                                                 2,249                  3,697
         Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                                  65                     51
         Equity-settled share-based payment expense                                                6,917                 11,766


                                                                                                  13,161                 19,349


      The performance related bonus is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the relevant
      individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      11.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              Employees’ emoluments (Continued)

              The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration
              fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                        Number of employees
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2024             2023


               HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                       –                    1
               HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                       1                    –
               HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                       3                    –
               HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                       –                    2
               HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                                      –                    1


                                                                                                  4                    4


              No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals
              of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office during
              both years.

      12.     DIVIDENDS

              No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the year ended
              31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

              Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December
              2024 of RMB0.075 (2023: nil) per ordinary share has been proposed by the directors of the Company and is
              subject to approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming general meeting.




118   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024



13.   EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


       Profit (loss) for the year attributable to the owners of the
         Company for the purpose of calculating basic and diluted
         earnings (loss) per share                                                    30,013              (3,189,212)


                                                                                        No. of shares
                                                                                        2024                    2023


       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
         of calculating basic earnings (loss) per share                         645,209,615             386,102,900
       Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
         Share options and RSUs                                                  12,137,852                         –


       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
        of calculating diluted earnings (loss) per share                        657,347,467             386,102,900


       Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share attributable to
         owners of the Company (RMB per share)                                           0.05                   (8.26)


      The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating basic and diluted earnings (loss)
      per share has been determined on the assumption that the Share Subdivision (as defined and detailed in Note
      27) had been effected since 1 January 2023.

      The computation of diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2023 does not assume the vest
      of RSUs, exercise of share options or the conversion of preferred shares since their assumed exercise or
      conversion would result in a decrease in loss per share. There were no preferred shares for the year ended 31
      December 2024.

      The computation of diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2023 does not assume the exercise
      of the over-allotment option since their assumed exercise would result in a decrease in loss per share. There
      was no over-allotment option for the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      14.     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET

                                               Leasehold     Plant and       Motor          Office Construction
                                            Improvement      machinery      vehicles    equipment in progress         Total
                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


               COST
               At 1 January 2023                 132,086        44,096         4,169        30,589         1,348     212,288
               Additions                            3,895         1,436        3,026          3,654        5,194       17,205
               Transfer                             5,233           978            –              –       (6,211)           –
               Disposals                           (1,575)       (5,549)      (2,735)        (2,078)           –      (11,937)


               At 31 December 2023               139,639        40,961         4,460        32,165          331      217,556


               Acquired on acquisition
                 of subsidiaries                   1,448         3,258        5,039          1,002            –      10,747
               Additions                           6,608         5,498          867          6,730        4,990      24,693
               Transfer                            2,018           178            –            303       (2,499)          –
               Disposals                          (1,763)       (3,783)         (66)        (1,624)        (249)     (7,485)


               At 31 December 2024              147,950        46,112        10,300        38,576        2,573      245,511


               ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
               At 1 January 2023                  (75,563)      (17,692)      (1,508)      (19,264)            –     (114,027)
               Provided for the year              (25,900)        (8,524)     (1,001)        (6,024)           –       (41,449)
               Eliminated on disposals              1,468          3,698         446          1,894            –         7,506


               At 31 December 2023                (99,995)      (22,518)      (2,063)      (23,394)            –     (147,970)


               Provided for the year             (20,395)       (6,927)        (974)       (6,246)             –     (34,542)
               Eliminated on disposals             1,155         1,471           33         1,194              –       3,853


               At 31 December 2024              (119,235)      (27,974)      (3,004)      (28,446)             –    (178,659)


               CARRYING VALUES
               At 31 December 2024               28,715        18,138         7,296        10,130        2,573       66,852


               At 31 December 2023                39,644        18,443         2,397         8,771          331       69,586




120   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024



14.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED)

      Impairment assessment

      Giving the continuous losses incurred by certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group during the year, the
      management concluded there was indication for impairment and conducted impairment assessment on
      its property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangibles assets. As at 31 December 2024,
      management identified property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangibles assets of certain
      subsidiaries with impairment indicators at net book value amounted to approximately RMB13,830,000 (2023:
      RMB80,898,000).

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group acquired and obtained control over Folding Space (Cayman)
      Ltd (“Folding Space”) and its subsidiaries (“Yikuai Pharmaceutical”) as detailed in Note 30. For the purpose
      of impairment testing, management determined each subsidiary as a cash-generating unit, except for Yikuai
      Pharmaceutical. As Yikuai Pharmaceutical generates largely independent cash inflows, Yikuai Pharmaceutical is
      determined as a cash-generating unit. The Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to
      which the assets belong to when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually.

      In addition to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets, goodwill as set out
      in Note 17 have been allocated to three (2023: two) cash-generating units, comprising Guangdong Dihao
      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Dihao”), Guangdong Dongjian Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong
      Dongjian”) and Yikuai Pharmaceutical.

      The recoverable amount of cash-generating unit has been determined based on a value in use calculation.
      That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by the management of the
      Group covering the following 5 years with pre-tax discount rates of 18% as at 31 December 2024 (2023: 17%).
      The pre-tax discount rate was derived from capital asset pricing model by considering different market data
      and company specific risk. The cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using 2% growth rate
      (2023: 2%). Management believes that the growth rate does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for
      the relevant industry. Another key assumption for the value in use calculated is the budgeted gross margin,
      which is determined based on the cash-generating units’ past performance and management expectations
      for the market development. The growth rates and discount rate as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 have been
      reassessed taking into consideration a higher degree of estimation uncertainties in due to uncertainty on how
      the volatility or disruptions in energy, financial, foreign currency or commodity markets may progress and evolve.

      Based on the result of the assessment, management of the Group determined that the recoverable amounts
      of all cash-generating units are higher than the corresponding carrying amounts as at 31 December 2024 and
      2023. Therefore, no impairment loss was recognised for both years.

      The Group performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing 1% of long-
      term growth rate, which are the key assumptions determine the recoverable amount of the cash-generating
      unit, with all other variables held constant. Based on the sensitivity test performed, no material impairment
      issue was noted for both years. The headroom of each cash-generating unit that was subject to impairment
      assessment at the end of the reporting period is not less than 31% (2023: 13%).

      Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of a cash-generating unit to exceed the recoverable amount of that cash-generating unit as
      at 31 December 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      15.     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


               Carrying amounts:
               Leased properties                                                            201,970               140,130


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Depreciation recognised in profit or loss:
               Leased properties                                                             77,843                 78,685


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Expense relating to short-term leases and leases
                 of low-value assets                                                          8,027                  4,300
               Total cash outflow for leases                                                 98,524                 94,297
               Additions to right-of-use assets                                             139,683                 53,066


              For both years, the Group leases various warehouses, offices and offline pharmacies for its operation. Lease
              contracts are entered into for fixed terms of 2 to 5 years (2023: 2 to 6 years) with fixed payments. The Group
              does not have the option to purchase leased properties for a nominal amount at the end of the relevant lease
              terms or any extension/termination options that are solely at the Group’s discretion. The Group determines
              the lease period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.

              In addition, the Group also entered into short-term leases for warehouses, vehicles, equipment and office
              workplace. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of
              short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed above.

              Lease liabilities of RMB212,307,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB201,970,000 as at
              31 December 2024 (2023: lease liabilities of RMB152,153,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
              RMB140,130,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the
              leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purpose.




122   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024



16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                               Licences and             Business             Brand              Office
                                                   franchise        relationship             name            software              Total
                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                    (Note (i))          (Note (ii))       (Note (iii))       (Note (iv))


         COST
         At 1 January 2023                            112,019               9,340                   –           13,273            134,632
         Additions                                          –                   –                   –              344                344


         At 31 December 2023                          112,019               9,340                   –           13,617            134,976


         Acquired on acquisition
           of subsidiaries                              6,648           265,400            184,900                  46           456,994
         Additions                                          –                 –                  –                 394               394
         Disposals                                          –                 –                  –                (177)             (177)


         At 31 December 2024                         118,667            274,740            184,900              13,880           592,187


         AMORTISATION
         At 1 January 2023                             (25,005)            (4,983)                  –            (5,741)           (35,729)
         Charge for the year                           (10,833)            (1,300)                  –            (1,803)           (13,936)


         At 31 December 2023                           (35,838)            (6,283)                  –            (7,544)           (49,665)


         Charge for the year                         (11,003)             (2,774)            (1,027)            (1,397)           (16,201)
         Eliminated on disposals                           –                   –                  –                177                177


         At 31 December 2024                         (46,841)             (9,057)            (1,027)            (8,764)           (65,689)


         CARRYING VALUES
         At 31 December 2024                          71,826            265,683            183,873               5,116           526,498


         At 31 December 2023                           76,181               3,057                   –             6,073             85,311

      Notes:

      (i)      The licences and franchise acquired by the Group are for pharmaceutical distribution, health inspection and medical testing
               business. The directors of the Company determined the useful life of 10 years of the licenses and franchise with reference to
               the comparable transactions in the open market.

      (ii)     The business relationship was acquired through acquisition of subsidiaries, Guangdong Dongjian and Yikuai Pharmaceutical.
               With reference to experience in the industry, historical customer retention rate and the useful life of business relationships
               used by industry peers, the directors of the Company determined 10 to 15 years to be the useful life of the business
               relationship.

      (iii)    The brand name was acquired through acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. The directors of the Company determined the
               useful life of 15 years of the brand name with reference to the comparable transactions in the open market.

      (iv)     The directors of the Company determined the useful life of office software with reference to the term of outstanding
               contract.




                                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024      123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      17.     GOODWILL

                                                      Acquisition of    Acquisition of  Acquisition
                                                        Guangdong         Guangdong       of Yikuai
                                                              Dihao         Dongjian Pharmaceutical                 Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000                 RMB’000


               COST
               At 1 January 2023 and
                 31 December 2023                               3,924             5,328                 –             9,252
               Arising on acquisition
                 of subsidiaries (Note 30)                          –                 –          264,038           264,038


               At 31 December 2024                              3,924             5,328          264,038           273,290


               CARRYING VALUES
               At 1 January 2023 and
                 31 December 2023                               3,924             5,328                 –             9,252


               At 31 December 2024                             3,924             5,328          264,038           273,290


              For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill have been allocated to three (2023: two) individual cash-
              generating units, comprising Guangdong Dihao, Guangdong Dongjian and Yikuai Pharmaceutical. The
              carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to these three (2023: two) cash-generating units as follows:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Guangdong Dihao                                                                 3,924                  3,924
               Guangdong Dongjian                                                              5,328                  5,328
               Yikuai Pharmaceutical (Note 30)                                               264,038                      –


                                                                                             273,290                  9,252


              In addition to goodwill above, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
              (including allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also
              included in the respective cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment assessment. Details of the
              recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in Note 14.




124   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024



18.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


       Pharmaceutical and healthcare products                                                1,480,975                1,484,477
       Less: impairment provision                                                              (16,427)                  (14,184)


                                                                                             1,464,548                1,470,293


19.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


       Trade receivables                                                                        34,952                    32,821
       Less: allowance for credit losses                                                          (794)                   (1,059)


                                                                                                34,158                    31,762
       Note receivables                                                                         52,111                     7,306


       Total trade and note receivables                                                         86,269                    39,068


       Advance to suppliers                                                                    287,698                  135,544
       Other tax recoverable                                                                     1,911                    5,688
       Prepaid expense                                                                          16,912                   10,798
       Receivables in custodian (Note)                                                          74,760                  176,196
       Other receivables                                                                       115,099                   76,772
       Receivables from exercise of share options                                                    8                   13,649


       Total trade and other receivables                                                       582,657                  457,715

      Note:   The amounts represented the payments received from online customers of Self-operation business which would deposit in
              escrow account and subsequently withdraw by the Group upon the customers’ acceptance of product delivery.




                                                                                                       YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024    125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      19.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

              Trade receivables

              As at 1 January 2023, trade and note receivables from contracts with customers amounted to approximately
              RMB163,721,000.

              The Group requires full payment in advance for its online product sales, certain offline product sales and retail
              sales. For other customers, the Group primarily allows a credit period from 15 to 30 days. Trade receivables
              are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. Aging analysis of trade receivables, net of
              allowance for credit losses, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


               Within 3 months                                                                  26,856                28,005
               3 to 6 months                                                                     1,895                   778
               6 to 12 months                                                                    3,125                   195
               Over 12 months                                                                    3,076                 3,843


                                                                                                34,952                32,821
               Less: allowance for credit losses                                                  (794)                (1,059)


                                                                                                34,158                31,762


              Note receivables are trade receivables supported by bank acceptance notes and the average ageing is
              within 2 to 6 months based on the received date and have a maturity period of less than one year, which
              management believes that no impairment allowance is necessary as there is no significant change in
              credit quality and the balances are considered fully recoverable. As at 31 December 2024, the amounts of
              RMB48,046,000 (2023: RMB5,993,000) note receivables were endorsed to settle trade payables, which were not
              derecognised until the maturity date of the endorsed notes.

              As at 31 December 2024, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with an aggregate
              carrying amount of RMB10,372,000 (2023: RMB5,930,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of
              the past due balances approximately RMB8,025,000 (2023: RMB4,340,000) have been past due over 90 days
              or more and are not considered as in default as there has not been a significant change in credit quality and
              amounts are still considered as recoverable based on historical experience. The Group does not hold any
              collateral over these balances.

              Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 32.




126   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024



20.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


       Wealth management products (Note)                                                          390,216                   598,042
       Notes and investment funds (Note)                                                          295,535                   267,451
       Unlisted equity investment                                                                  10,198                         –


                                                                                                  695,949                   865,493

      Note:   The return of wealth management products and notes and investment funds were determined by reference to the return of
              their underlying investments. The wealth management products and the notes can be redeemed any time at the Group’s
              discretion and the investment funds can be redeemed any time at the Group’s discretion or upon a fixed period of one year
              at the Group’s request by giving a 60 business days notice.


      Since the contractual cash flows of these financial assets do not represent solely the payments of principal and
      interest on the principal amount outstanding, the financial assets are measured at FVTPL. Details of the fair
      value measurement over the financial assets are disclosed in Note 32.

21.   TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


       Time deposits with original maturity of three months or less                                32,146                    71,819
       Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                             503,428                   257,854


                                                                                                  535,574                   329,673


       Presented as:
         Current                                                                                  281,574                   289,673
         Non-current                                                                              254,000                    40,000


                                                                                                  535,574                   329,673

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


       Time deposits denominated in foreign currency:
         US$                                                                                              –                 213,473

      As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s time deposits of approximately RMB355,574,000 (2023: nil) were held in
      designated bank accounts for issuance of bank acceptance notes.

      The Group’s time deposits are bank deposits and redeemable on maturity. The weight-average interest rates
      of the time deposits were 2.49% per annum as at 31 December 2024 (2023: 4.96%).

      Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 32.


                                                                                                          YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024     127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      22.     RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS/BANK BALANCES AND CASH

              Restricted bank deposits represents deposits held in designated bank accounts for issuance of bank
              acceptance notes. The restricted bank deposits carry interest rate ranging from 0.10% to 2.50% per annum as
              at 31 December 2024 (2023: 0.25% to 2.00%).

              Bank balances and cash consists of balance with banks and cash on hand. Bank balances carry interest at
              prevailing market rates.

              Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 32.

      23.     TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Trade payables                                                              1,456,784          1,474,431
               Note payables                                                               1,702,051          1,181,242
               Salary and welfare payables                                                   155,931            154,899
               Other tax payables                                                             27,571             17,215
               Consideration payable on acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 30)                 42,721                  –
               Other payables                                                                353,767            277,286
               Deposits received                                                                 848                665


                                                                                           3,739,673          3,105,738


              Trade payables

              The credit period of trade payables is ranging from 30 to 90 days. An ageing analysis of the trade payables
              based on the invoice date at the end of each reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               0-30 days                                                                   1,050,288            910,330
               31-90 days                                                                    334,464            461,413
               Over 90 days                                                                   72,032            102,688


                                                                                           1,456,784          1,474,431


              Note payables

              All note payables issued by the Group are with a maturity period of less than six months.




128   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024



24.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


       Receipts in advances from customers                                               29,608                  10,308


      As at 1 January 2023, contract liabilities amounted to approximately RMB24,434,000.

      The Group generally requires advance payments from certain of its customers before delivery of goods. This
      will give rise to a contract liability at the beginning of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant
      contract exceeds the amount received.

      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
      2023 relates to the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year:

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


       Revenue recognised during the year                                                10,308                  24,434


25.   LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


       Lease liabilities payable
       Within one year                                                                   82,271                  62,550
       Within a period of more than one year but not more than
         two years                                                                       68,424                  48,147
       Within a period of more than two years but not more than
         five years                                                                      61,612                  41,456


                                                                                        212,307                152,153
       Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown
              under current liabilities                                                 (82,271)                (62,550)


       Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
        non-current liabilities                                                         130,036                  89,603


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied by the relevant group entities are 4.75% (2023:
      4.75%) per annum.




                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      26.     BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


               Advance from banks on discounted note receivables
                 with recourse repayable within one year (Note)                                       21,207                   57,508


                                                                                                      21,207                   57,508


               Analysed as:
               Unsecured                                                                              21,207                   57,508


                                                                                                      21,207                   57,508


               Carrying amounts repayable within one year and
                 shown under current liabilities                                                      21,207                   57,508

              Note:   All note receivables discounted to banks as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were arising from intragroup transactions
                      among members of the Group, which were eliminated in full on consolidation.


              The effective interest rates (which was also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group’s bank borrowing
              are as follow:

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


               Effective interest rate:
               Advance from banks on discounted
                 note receivables with recourse                                                0.90%-1.60%              0.73%-1.65%


              All of the borrowings are denominated in RMB which is the same as the functional currency of the
              corresponding group entities.




130   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024



27.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                       Number of shares     Share capital        Presented as
                                                                                     US$             RMB’000


          Authorised:
          At 1 January 2023                                5,000,000,000           50,000
          Share subdivision (Note i)                      15,000,000,000                –


          At 31 December 2023 and 2024                   20,000,000,000           50,000


          Issued and fully paid:
          At 1 January 2023                                   31,329,046              313                       2
          Share subdivision (Note i)                          93,987,138                –                       –
          Issue of shares pursuant to initial public
             offering (Note ii)                               17,235,400               44                       *
          Automatic conversion of Preferred
             Shares upon the Listing (Note iii)              491,225,068            1,228                       9
          Exercise of share options (Note 28)                  6,708,850               17                       *


          At 31 December 2023                                640,485,502            1,602                     11


          Issued in consideration for the
             acquisition of the issued share
             capital of subsidiaries (Note 30)              31,678,555                79                       1
          Exercise of share options and vesting
             of RSUs (Note 28)                                3,601,944                 9                       *


          At 31 December 2024                              675,766,001             1,690                      12

      *         Amount is less than RMB1,000.




                                                                                        YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      27.     SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

              Notes:

              (i)      On 28 June 2023, the authorised share capital of the Company of par value US$0.00001 each was subdivided into 4 shares
                       of par value US$0.0000025 each (the “Share Subdivision”). Upon the Share Subdivision, the authorised share capital of the
                       Company was changed from US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000,000 shares of a par value of US$0.00001 each to US$50,000
                       divided into 20,000,000,000 shares of a par value of US$0.0000025 each and the issued share capital of the Company
                       became US$313 divided into 125,316,184 shares of a par value of US$0.0000025 each.

              (ii)     On 28 June 2023, the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange following the completion
                       of issuance of 15,808,800 new shares of US$0.0000025 each issued at an offer price of HK$20 per share.

                       On 25 July 2023, the Company issued and allotted ordinary shares of 1,426,600 shares to the public shareholders at an offer
                       price of HK$20 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in the Listing.

              (iii)    The Group issued a series of preferred shares (the “Preferred Shares”) to finance its operation. On 28 June 2023, all
                       Preferred Shares were automatically converted into 491,225,068 ordinary shares of the Company upon the Listing and the
                       fair value of the Preferred Shares as at 28 June 2023 was measured with reference to the IPO offer price of HK$20 per share.

              (iv)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company purchased its own ordinary shares through a trust through the
                       Stock Exchange as follows:

                                                                                                                                    Aggregate
                                                                                     No. of          Price per share              consideration
                        Month of repurchase                                 ordinary shares         Highest       Lowest                   paid
                                                                                                       HK$           HK$              HK$’000


                        4                                                           100,000            8.23            8.21                  821
                        4                                                           100,000            8.00            7.93                  798
                        4                                                           100,000            8.15            8.05                  810

                       During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased 270,000 of its own ordinary shares through a trust
                       through The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited with an aggregate consideration of HK$5,295,000 paid.

                       The purchase of ordinary shares was held by a trust for the purpose of satisfying grants made under the 2023 Share
                       Incentive Plan. Details are set out in Note 28.

                       Except for the purchase above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
                       listed securities during the year.




132   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024



28.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group

      2017 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 2 February 2017, Guangzhou Sudao adopted the “2017 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which
      the Group was authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to directors,
      officers and employees of Guangzhou Sudao. Under the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, a maximum number of
      980,000 shares of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao will be issued. Share options were granted with an
      exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Guangzhou Sudao’s ordinary shares at the date of
      grant, and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the
      board of directors of Guangzhou Sudao, and are subject to a continued service relationship. Effective on 1
      January 2019, the Group terminated the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, meaning that, while no additional awards
      of share options, share appreciation rights, or restricted share were permitted thereunder, all outstanding
      awards continued to be governed by their existing terms.

      2019 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 27 February 2019, the Company adopted the “2019 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the
      Company is authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to directors,
      officers and employees who provide services to the Company and its affiliates. Under the 2019 Share Incentive
      Plan, a maximum number of 6,388,742 ordinary shares of the Company will be issued. Share options are to be
      granted with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the date
      of grant, and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the
      board of directors of the Company, and are subject generally to a continued service relationship.

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan

      On 7 December 2018, as part of the share exchange arrangement, Guangzhou Sudao would i) substitute 1
      share of ordinary share of Guangzhou Sudao under the 2017 Share incentive Plan and ii) assume on the same
      terms and conditions as the 2017 Share incentive Plan, share appreciation rights, and restricted share under
      the 2019 Share Incentive Plan as defined and detailed below. The directors of the Company considered that
      the modification of terms of 2017 Share Incentive Plan have no material change in fair value of the share
      options at the date of modification.

      Two share options can be converted into one ordinary share of the Company upon exercise. Following
      the Share Subdivision, each share option can be converted into two ordinary shares of the Company upon
      exercise.




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      28.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

              Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

              Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
              Share incentive Plan (Continued)

              The following table discloses movements of share options under 2017 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                       At   Forfeited    Exercised          At     Forfeited   Exercised          At
                                         Grant   Vesting    Expiry   Exercise   1 January      during       during 31 December        during      during 31 December
               Options                    year    Period      year      price        2023    the year     the year        2023      the year    the year        2024
                                                  (Note)                 US$


               Directors and employees
               Tranche 2017-7             2017    4 years    2027        0.30   1,796,442           –     (691,687)    1,104,755          –    (118,872)     985,883
               Tranche 2017-7             2017    4 years    2027        0.30     185,261     (15,537)      (85,300)      84,424          –     (13,600)      70,824
               Tranche 2018-1             2018    4 years    2028        0.30     179,286           –       (10,000)     169,286          –           –      169,286
               Tranche 2018-2             2018    4 years    2028        0.30     555,982           –             –      555,982          –           –      555,982
               Tranche 2018-12            2018    4 years    2028        1.05     847,659           –     (193,900)      653,759          –           –      653,759


                                                                                3,564,630     (15,537)    (980,887)    2,568,206          –    (132,472)   2,435,734


               Exercisable at the end
                 of the year                                                           –                               2,568,206                           2,435,734


               Weighted average
                exercise price (US$)                                                 0.48        0.30         0.45          0.49          –        0.30         0.50

              Note:      For the options with vesting period of 4 years, one quarter of options become vested at the end of each year during the
                         vesting period.


              Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited or
              expired during the year. As at 31 December 2024, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
              options was RMB3.60 (2023: RMB2.88).




134   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024



28.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2019 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                  At    Granted    Forfeited    Exercised               At    Granted     Forfeited Exercised              At
                                Grant     Vesting     Expiry   Exercise    1 January      during      during       during      31 December      during       during    during     31 December
       Options                   year      Period       year      price         2023    the year    the year     the year             2023    the year     the year the year             2024
                                          (Note i)                 US$


       Directors and
          employees
       Tranche 2019-3            2019      4 years     2029        1.05       65,000          –            –      (13,300)           51,700         –            –         –           51,700
       Tranche 2019-4            2019      4 years     2029        1.05       40,000          –            –      (40,000)                –         –            –         –                –
       Tranche 2019-10           2019      4 years     2029        0.94    2,226,000          –      (27,500)    (494,500)        1,704,000         –            –    (7,400)       1,696,600
       Tranche 2019-11           2019      4 years     2029        2.00       50,000          –            –       (44,900)           5,100         –            –    (5,100)               –
       Tranche 2020-1            2020      4 years     2030        1.05      120,000          –            –       (82,500)          37,500         –            –         –           37,500
       Tranche 2020-4            2020      4 years     2030        1.05      245,000          –      (17,000)      (36,200)         191,800         –            – (11,300)           180,500
       Tranche 2021-1            2021      4 years     2031        1.60      266,616          –            –     (266,600)               16         –            –         –               16
       Tranche 2021-2            2021      4 years     2031        2.00      919,750          –      (20,000)    (192,750)          707,000         –      (30,875)   (1,900)         674,225
       Tranche 2021-11           2021      4 years     2031        2.00    4,713,000          –     (267,000)    (420,597)        4,025,403         –     (185,175) (19,800)        3,820,428
       Tranche 2021-12           2021      4 years     2031        2.00      450,000          –            –       (50,500)         399,500         –     (175,000) (125,000)          99,500
       Tranche 2022-2            2022      4 years     2032        2.00      967,000          –     (111,000)      (94,450)         761,550         –     (158,250)   (2,900)         600,400
       Tranche 2022-5-1          2022      4 years     2032        2.00       20,000          –            –         (2,000)         18,000         –            –         –           18,000
       Tranche 2022-5-2          2022      4 years     2032        0.80    2,660,000          –            –     (340,000)        2,320,000         –            – (500,000)        1,820,000
                                        Immediate
                                         After IPO
       Tranche 2022-5-3          2022     (Note ii)    2032        0.80    1,330,000           –           –             –        1,330,000          –           – (500,000)          830,000
       Tranche 2022-7-1          2022      4 years     2032        2.00      660,000           –     (50,000)     (55,000)          555,000          –     (25,000)       –           530,000
       Tranche 2023-1-1          2023      4 years     2033        2.00            –     200,000           –             –          200,000          –           –        –           200,000
       Tranche 2023-1-1          2023   Immediate      2033        0.00            –     280,000           –     (230,000)           50,000          –           –        –            50,000
       Tranche 2023-1-5          2023      4 years     2033        2.00            –      43,000           –       (10,241)          32,759          –           –        –            32,759
       Tranche 2023-3-2          2023      4 years     2033        2.00            –      20,000           –             –           20,000          –           –        –            20,000
       Tranche 2023-6-10         2023      4 years     2033        2.00            –   2,466,000     (28,000)            –        2,438,000          –    (262,500)  (1,500)        2,174,000


                                                                          14,732,366   3,009,000   (520,500) (2,373,538)         14,847,328         –     (836,800) (1,174,900)    12,835,628


       Exercisable at the end
          of the year                                                             –                                               6,110,828                                         7,947,378


       Weighted average
         exercise price (US$)                                                   1.48        1.81        1.91          1.30             1.56         –         2.00        0.96           1.58




                                                                                                                                                         YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024            135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      28.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

              Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

              Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
              Share incentive Plan (Continued)

              Notes:

              (i)      For the options with vesting period of 4 years, one quarter of options become vested at the end of each year during the
                       vesting period.

              (ii)     In May 2022, the Company granted 1,330,000 share options to Mr. Fei Chen, an executive director of the Company. These
                       options are vested on the date when the Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


              Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited or
              expired during the year. As at 31 December 2024, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
              options was RMB10.14 (2023: RMB8.28).

              These fair values were calculated using the binomial method. The variables and assumptions used in
              computing the fair value of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate with reference to
              valuation reports carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer. The value of an option varies
              with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                                                                      2023


                 Weighted average share price                                                                          US$2.90 – US$4.33
                 Exercise price                                                                                        US$0.00 – US$2.00
                 Expected volatility                                                                                    60.60% – 61.60%
                 Expected life (years)                                                                                                10
                 Risk-free rate                                                                                           3.03% – 4.10%
                 Expected dividend yield                                                                                             0%


              Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the share prices of comparable
              companies over the previous 10 years. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on
              the directors’ best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural
              considerations.

              During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately
              RMB27,673,000 (2023: RMB83,657,000) in relation to share options granted by the Group.




136   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024



28.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled award shares of the Group

      2023 Share Incentive Plan

      The 2023 Share Incentive Plan was first adopted by the Board on 12 June 2023 and took effect immediately upon
      the Listing. Since the Listing, the 2023 Share Incentive Plan is subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Under
      the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, a maximum number of 63,235,005 ordinary shares of the Company can be issued
      to employee participants, related party participant and service provider participant. The RSUs under this plan
      have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of directors
      of the Company, and are subject to performance targets and other condition on case by case basis.

      The following table discloses movements of RSUs under 2023 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                   At    Granted    Forfeited          At     Granted     Forfeited    Exercised          At
                                Grant   Vesting    Expiry   1 January      during      during 31 December       during       during       during 31 December
       RSUs                      year    Period      year        2023    the year    the year        2023     the year     the year     the year        2024
                                         (Note)


       Directors and
          employees
       Tranche 2023-9-4          2023    2 years    2033           –      627,900    (17,000)      610,900           –     (87,550)    (270,050)     253,300
       Tranche 2023-9-4          2023    4 years    2033           –    3,190,100    (82,000)    3,108,100           –    (380,500)    (711,150)   2,016,450
       Tranche 2024-2-6          2024     1 year    2034           –            –          –             –   1,462,500    (160,100)           –    1,302,400
       Tranche 2024-2-6          2024    2 years    2034           –            –          –             –   3,795,000    (285,000)           –    3,510,000
       Tranche 2024-2-6          2024    3 years    2034           –            –          –             –   5,655,000    (160,000)           –    5,495,000
       Tranche 2024-2-6          2024    4 years    2034           –            –          –             –      40,000           –            –       40,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6         2024     1 year    2034           –            –          –             –       7,000           –            –        7,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6         2024    2 years    2034           –            –          –             –     784,000     (30,000)           –      754,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6         2024    3 years    2034           –            –          –             –   1,212,000           –            –    1,212,000
       Tranche 2024-11-6         2024    4 years    2034           –            –          –             –      40,000           –            –       40,000


                                                                   –    3,818,000    (99,000)    3,719,000 12,995,500    (1,103,150)   (981,200) 14,630,150


       Exercisable at the end
         of the year                                               –                                    –                                                  –

      Note:      The RSUs generally vest ratably over a one- to four-year vesting period.


      Except for the forfeited or exercised RSUs disclosed above, no other RSUs were vested, forfeited or expired
      during the year.

      These fair values of the RSUs were determined by the share price of the Company at grant date.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately
      RMB110,019,000 (2023: RMB34,621,000) in relation to RSUs granted by the Group.




                                                                                                                           YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024         137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      29.     RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN

              The eligible employees of the Company’s subsidiaries in PRC are members of pension schemes operated by
              local government of the PRC. The subsidiaries in the PRC are required to contribute a certain percentage of
              the relevant cost of payroll of these employees to the pension schemes to fund the benefits.

              The contributions to the retirement benefits schemes for employees of the Group and directors of the
              Company during the year are disclosed in Notes 10 and 11, respectively.

      30.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

              On 15 October 2024, the Company and the independent third parties (“Sellers”) entered into an equity
              transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to purchase and the Sellers have agreed to
              sell 100% of the equity interest in Yikuai Pharmaceutical. Folding Space is an investment holding company and
              Yikuai Pharmaceutical is principally engaged in business-to-business pharmaceutical supply chain, operation
              service platform and related businesses. The acquisition is conducive to the Group’s downstream customer
              synergies and upstream procurement synergies, leading to enhanced efficiency in reusing systems and
              warehouse infrastructures.

              The consideration consists of:

              (i)     the completion consideration payable to the Sellers with the cash consideration of RMB371.39 million
                      and the remaining consideration by way of the allotment and issue of 38,868,918 considerations shares
                      by the Company (the “Completion Consideration”);

              (ii)    subject to the satisfaction of the performance targets, the contingent consideration payable to founder
                      sellers (the “Founder Sellers”), with the cash consideration of RMB60 million and the remaining
                      consideration by way of the allotment and issue of 13,065,386 considerations shares by the Company
                      (the “Contingent Consideration”); and

              (iii)   subject to the satisfaction of the relevant conditions, contingent consideration by way of the allotment
                      and issue of 4,357,561 consideration shares by the Company to one of the Sellers (the “Manager
                      Sellers”) upon the completion of the sales and purchase of the shares of Folding Space held by the
                      Manager Sellers.

              The acquisition has been completed on 26 November 2024, pursuant to which the Group has acquired
              approximately 85.64% of the share capital of Folding Space and 100% of equity interest of Hunan Yikuai
              Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd., and its wholly owned subsidiaries (“Hunan Yikuai Group”), except for
              Hunan Yizheng Biotechnology R&D Co., Ltd. (“Hunan Yizheng”) and Changsha Daliwan Culture Media Co.,
              Ltd. (“Changsha Daliwan”), in which the Group holds 70% and 90% of equity interest, respectively. Hunan
              Yikuai Group is the PRC operating entities of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. The acquisition has been accounted for as
              acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

              Details of the acquisition were set out in the announcements of the Company dated 15 October 2024, 28
              October 2024 and 26 November 2024.




138   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



30.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

      Fair value of consideration transferred for the acquisitions of:

                                                                                                                             RMB’000


         Completion Consideration
           Cash (Note i)                                                                                                      371,390
           Consideration shares (Note ii)                                                                                     225,795


                                                                                                                              597,185


         Contingent Consideration (Note iii)
           Cash                                                                                                                 53,347
           Consideration shares                                                                                                 61,266


                                                                                                                              114,613


         Total                                                                                                                711,798

      Notes:

      (i)        As at 31 December 2024, cash consideration of approximately RMB328,669,000 has been paid by the Company to the
                 Sellers, the outstanding balance of approximately RMB42,721,000 was included in “Trade and other payables” line item in
                 the consolidated statement of financial position.

      (ii)       The fair value of the consideration shares at the acquisition date was determined by reference to the quoted market price
                 of HK$6.29 (equivalent to RMB5.81) per each ordinary share of the Company at the date of obtaining the control of the
                 Yikuai Pharmaceutical. On 26 November 2024, the Company allotted and issued 31,678,555 new shares to the Sellers. The
                 remaining 7,190,363 consideration shares is recognised at deferred consideration shares as equity instrument as the number
                 of consideration shares to be issued are fixed. The amount of the deferred consideration shares at the acquisition date of
                 approximately RMB41,770,000 is determined by reference to the quoted market price of HK$6.29 (equivalent to RMB5.81)
                 per each ordinary share of the Company at the date of obtaining the control of the Yikuai Pharmaceutical.

      (iii)      Based on the equity transfer agreement, the Company is required to pay additional considerations to the Founder Sellers
                 and Manager Sellers if Yikuai Pharmaceutical meets the respective performance target of each instalment.

                 The Contingent Consideration consists of two parts:

                 Part 1: a total cash amount of RMB60 million and a total of 6,188,867 consideration shares payable to the Founder
                         Seller and a total of 4,357,561 consideration shares to the Manager Seller, which comprises three instalments
                         corresponding to year 2025, 2026 and first quarter of year 2027; and

                 Part 2: a total of 6,876,519 consideration shares to the Founder Seller, which comprises two instalments corresponding to
                         year 2025 and year 2026.




                                                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024     139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      30.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

              Notes:   (Continued)

              (iii)    (Continued)

                       As part of the equity transfer agreement, contingent consideration is payable, which is dependent on the core business
                       operating revenue (“CBOR”) growth rate and the amount of net profit for each of the two years 2025, 2026 and the first
                       quarter of year 2027 of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. Details of the Consideration Shares were set out in the announcement of the
                       Company dated 15 October 2024.

                       Based on the directors’ best estimate with reference to the historical performance of Yikuai Pharmaceutical, the directors
                       of the Company considered Yikuai Pharmaceutical are highly probable to meet the performance target in relation to part
                       1 Contingent Consideration. The fair value of the Contingent Consideration at the date of acquisition was determined
                       by i) the present value of the cash consideration payable of RMB60 million in Part 1; and ii) the fair value of 10,546,428
                       consideration shares in Part 1 which was determined by reference to the quoted market price of HK$6.29 (equivalent to
                       RMB5.81) per each ordinary share of the Company at the date of obtaining the control of the Yikuai Pharmaceutical.

                       The Contingent Consideration is subsequently measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
                       The fair value of such contingent arrangement amounted to RMB108,691,000 as at the end of the reporting period and has
                       been presented separately as “Contingent consideration payables” on the consolidated statement of financial position.

              (iv)     Acquisition-related expenses amounting to RMB3,961,000 have been excluded from the consideration transferred and
                       have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “General and administrative expenses” line item in the
                       consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


              For the purpose of the acquisitions, the Group engaged an external independent valuer to perform the
              valuation with the identification and determination of fair values to be assigned to the acquiree’s assets and
              liabilities as at the acquisition date.

              Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                                     RMB’000


                 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                         10,476
                 Right-of-use assets                                                                                                   29,520
                 Intangible assets                                                                                                    454,233
                 Inventories                                                                                                          146,645
                 Trade and other receivables                                                                                           81,375
                 Bank balances and cash                                                                                                68,277
                 Restricted bank deposits                                                                                              36,849
                 Trade and other payables                                                                                            (214,857)
                 Contract liabilities                                                                                                 (18,872)
                 Lease liabilities                                                                                                    (31,599)
                 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                            (113,550)


                                                                                                                                      448,497




140   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



30.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

      Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition (Continued)

      The receivables acquired (which principally comprised trade receivables) had gross contractual amounts of
      RMB84,663,000 at the date of acquisition.

      Non-controlling interests

      The non-controlling interests in Hunan Yizheng and Changsha Daliwan, subsidiaries of Hunan Yikuai,
      recognised at the acquisition date was measured by reference to the proportionate share of recognised
      amounts of net assets and amounted to RMB737,000.

      Goodwill arising on acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical

                                                                                                          RMB’000


       Consideration transferred                                                                           711,798
       Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                         737
       Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                    (448,497)


       Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                     264,038


      Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical because the consideration paid for the acquisition
      included amounts in relation to enhanced efficiency in reusing systems and warehouse infrastructures
      as benefits of expected synergies, better revenue growth prospect, future market development and the
      assembled business cooperation brought by Yikuai Pharmaceutical. These benefits are not recognised
      separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

      None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

      Net cash outflow on acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical

                                                                                                          RMB’000


       Cash consideration paid                                                                             328,669
       Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                               (68,277)


                                                                                                           260,392




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      30.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

              Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

              Included in the profit for the year is RMB10,000 attributable to the additional business generated by Yikuai
              Pharmaceutical. Revenue for the year includes RMB102,079,000 generated from Yikuai Pharmaceutical.

              Had the acquisition of Yikuai Pharmaceutical been completed on 1 January 2024, revenue for the year of the
              Group would have been RMB926,298,000, and loss for the year would have been RMB79,663,000. The pro
              forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results
              of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1
              January 2024, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

              In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit (loss) of the Group had Yikuai Pharmaceutical been acquired
              at the beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company calculated amortization of the intangible
              assets and the reversal of the relevant deferred tax liabilities based on the recognised amounts of intangible
              assets and deferred tax liabilities at the date of the acquisition.

      31.     CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

              The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
              while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
              Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

              The capital structure of the Group consists of net debts, which include lease liabilities as disclosed in Note 25
              and bank borrowings as disclosed in Note 26, net of bank balances and cash, and time deposits with original
              maturity of three months or less and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share
              capital and reserves.

              The management of the Group reviews the capital structure on a regular basis. As a part of this review,
              the management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of items in the
              context of capital structure, and takes appropriate actions to adjust the Group’s capital structure. Based
              on recommendations of the management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the
              repayment of existing debts and continuity of funding of cash flows from operating activities and new shares
              issue.




142   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2024



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      (a)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


             Financial assets
             Time deposits                                             535,574                329,673
             Restricted bank deposits                                1,134,621              1,105,992
             Bank balances and cash                                  1,009,082                673,874
             Trade and other receivables                               276,136                305,685


             Financial assets at amortised cost                      2,955,413              2,415,224


             Financial assets at FVTPL                                 695,949                865,493


             Financial liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                3,556,171              2,933,624
             Bank borrowings                                            21,207                 57,508


             Financial liabilities at amortised cost                 3,577,378              2,991,132


             Financial liabilities at FVTPL
             Contingent consideration payables                         108,691                        –




                                                                              YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies

                      The Group’s financial instruments include time deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances
                      and cash, trade and other receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, trade and other payables, bank
                      borrowings and contingent consideration payables. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed
                      in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments mainly include market risk
                      (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these
                      risks are set out below. The management of the Group manages and monitors these exposures to
                      ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

                      Market risk

                      Currency risk

                      Certain bank balances, time deposits and financial assets at FVTPL denominated in foreign currency of
                      respective group entities expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The Group currently does not have
                      a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure
                      and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. The carrying
                      amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the end of
                      both years are mainly as follows:

                                                                                                       Assets
                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


                       US$                                                                       197,284                 520,093
                       HK$                                                                       125,447                       –


                      Sensitivity analysis

                      The following details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2023: 5%) increase and decrease in RMB against
                      US$ and HK$. 5% (2023: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally
                      to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
                      change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
                      denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5%
                      (2023: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. For a 5% (2023: 5%) weakening/strengthening of RMB
                      against US$, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 would increase/decrease
                      by approximately RMB7,398,000 (2023: post-tax loss would decrease/increase by approximately
                      RMB19,503,000). For a 5% (2023: 5%) weakening/strengthening of RMB against HK$, the Group’s
                      post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 would increase/decrease by approximately
                      RMB4,704,000 (2023: nil).




144   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Market risk (Continued)

            Interest rate risk

            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to lease liabilities as disclosed in Note 25
            and bank borrowings as disclosed in Note 26.

            The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate restricted bank
            deposits and bank balances as disclosed in Notes 21 and 22 respectively. The Group’s cash flow
            interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on restricted bank deposits,
            and bank balances.

            The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging policy. The management of the Group
            consider the Group’s exposure of the restricted bank deposits and bank balances to interest rate risk
            is insignificant as the fluctuation of market interest rate and PRC prime rate is not expected to be
            significant, no sensitivity analysis is presented accordingly.

            Credit risk and impairment assessment

            Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
            resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable
            to trade and note receivables, other receivable, time deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank
            balances and amount due from a shareholder. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
            enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

            The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets under ECL model. Information about
            the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related impairment
            assessment, if applicable, are summarised as below:

            Trade and note receivables arising from contracts with customers

            In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
            for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that
            follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable
            amount of each individual significant trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure that
            adequate impairment loss is recognised for irrecoverable amount. In this regard, the directors of the
            Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.




                                                                                                YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Trade and note receivables arising from contracts with customers (Continued)

                      In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on a collective basis. Trade
                      and note receivables are grouped by internal credit rating based on shared credit risk characteristics
                      by reference to past due exposure for the customers. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the
                      Group reversed credit loss allowance of approximately RMB265,000 (2023: RMB2,540,000) for trade
                      receivables based on collective assessment. Impairment allowance for note receivables as at 31
                      December 2024 and 2023 was not material.

                      The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which
                      accounted for 100% of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.

                      Other receivables

                      The Group assessed the loss allowance for other receivables on 12m ECL basis as the Group has
                      considered that credit risks on these financial assets have not increased significantly since initial
                      recognition. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the historical default
                      experience and forward looking information as appropriate. The Group has considered the consistently
                      low historical default rate in connection with payments and the Group also actively monitors the
                      outstanding amounts owed by each debtor and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to
                      reduce the risk of a credit related loss. For the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, management
                      of the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables was insignificant and thus no loss allowance was
                      recognised.

                      Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances

                      The credit risks on time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances are limited because the
                      counterparties are authorised banks in the PRC with high credit ratings assigned by external credit-
                      rating agencies.

                      Other than the concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are placed with several banks, the
                      Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit risk.

                      The Group assessed 12m ECL for time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances by
                      reference to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit
                      rating grades published by external credit rating agencies. Based on the average loss rates, the 12m
                      ECL on time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances is considered to be insignificant and
                      therefore no loss allowance was recognised.




146   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

            Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

            The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

             Internal                                                     Trade and                  Other
             credit rating   Description                                  note receivables           financial assets


             Low risk        The counterparty has a low risk of           Lifetime ECL –             12m ECL
                               default and does not have material            not credit-impaired
                               past-due amounts
             Watch list      Debtor frequently repays after due           Lifetime ECL –             12m ECL
                               date but usually settle in full               not credit-impaired
             Doubtful        There have been significant increases        Lifetime ECL –             Lifetime ECL –
                               in credit risk since initial recognition      not credit-impaired        not credit-impaired
                               through information developed
                               internally or external resources
             Loss            There is evidence indicating the asset       Lifetime ECL –             Lifetime ECL –
                               is credit-impaired                            credit-impaired            credit-impaired
             Write-off       There is evidence indicating that            Amount is written off      Amount is written off
                               the debtor is in severe financial
                               difficulty and the Group and the
                               Company has no realistic prospect
                               of recovery




                                                                                                   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

                      The table below details the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
                      ECL assessment:

                                                                                                             Gross carrying amount
                                                                  Internal      12m or                         At 31 December
                                                            Notes credit rating lifetime ECL                     2024            2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


                       Financial assets at amortised cost
                       Trade receivables                     19    (Note 1)     Lifetime ECL –                 34,952          32,821
                                                                                   not credit-impaired
                                                                                   (collective assessment)
                       Note receivables                      19    (Note 1)     Lifetime ECL –                 52,111           7,306
                                                                                   not credit-impaired
                                                                                   (collective assessment)
                       Other receivables                     19    (Note 2)     12m ECL                        189,867        266,617
                       Time deposits                         21    (Note 2)     12m ECL                        535,574        329,673
                       Restricted bank deposits              22    (Note 2)     12m ECL                      1,134,621      1,105,992
                       Bank balances                         22    (Note 2)     12m ECL                      1,009,082        673,874


                                                                                                             2,956,207      2,416,283




148   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

            Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

            Notes:

            (1)      For not credit-impaired trade and note receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to
                     measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on a collective basis, grouped by
                     internal credit rating and past due status of respective receivable.

                     Internal credit rating

                     As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers. The
                     following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed
                     collectively as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired). Impairment allowance
                     for note receivables as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was not material as the notes receivables are issued by
                     authorised banks in the PRC with high credit ratings assigned by external credit-rating agencies.

                     Gross carrying amount


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                2024                          2023
                                                                        Average            Trade      Average           Trade
                                                                        loss rate    receivables      loss rate    receivables
                                                                               %       RMB’000               %       RMB’000


                      Low risk                                               2.3          34,952               3.2          32,821

                     The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the
                     debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The
                     grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.

                     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group reversed credit losses allowance of approximately
                     RMB265,000 (2023: RMB2,540,000) for trade receivables.




                                                                                                        YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024    149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                      Time deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances (Continued)

                      Notes: (Continued)

                      (1)     (Continued)

                              Gross carrying amount (Continued)

                              The following tables show the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables under the
                              simplified approach:

                                                                                                                                   Lifetime ECL –
                                                                                                                           collective assessment
                               Trade receivables                                                                            (not credit-impaired)
                                                                                                                                          RMB’000


                               As at 1 January 2023                                                                                           4,657
                                 – impairment losses reversed                                                                                (2,540)
                                 – Write-offs                                                                                                (1,058)


                               As at 31 December 2023                                                                                        1,059
                                 – impairment losses reversed                                                                                 (265)


                               As at 31 December 2024                                                                                          794

                              The Group writes off trade and note receivables when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                              financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed under
                              liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade and note receivables are over two years
                              past due, whichever occurs earlier. None of the trade and note receivables that have been written off and is subject
                              to enforcement activities.

                      (2)     For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group has applied the general approach in IFRS 9 to
                              measure the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The
                              Group determines the expected credit losses for other receivables, amount due from a shareholder, time deposits,
                              restricted bank deposits and bank balances by assessment of probability of default. During the year ended 31
                              December 2024 and 2023, in view of the nature of the balance and historical default rate and forward looking
                              information, the Group considers the provision of impairment allowance for these balances are insignificant.




150   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Liquidity risk

            In the management of liquidity risk, the Group’s management monitors and maintains a level of cash
            and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and
            mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

            The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities based
            on the agreed repayment terms. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows
            of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table
            includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are at variable rate, the
            undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

                                               Weighted              On demand        Between    Between
                                                 average    Carrying or less than      1 and 2    2 and 5        Over 5
                                            interest rate    amount        1 year        years      years         years         Total
                                                       %    RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


             As at 31 December 2024
             Trade and other payables               N/A     3,556,171    3,556,171          –          –               –    3,556,171
             Bank borrowings                        1.32       21,207       21,207          –          –               –       21,207
             Lease liabilities                      4.75      212,307       90,310     72,848     64,306               –      227,464
             Contingent consideration
                payables – cash (Note 30)           5.88      53,608             –     24,000     36,000               –       60,000


                                                            3,843,293    3,667,688     96,848    100,306               –    3,864,842


             As at 31 December 2023
             Trade and other payables               N/A      2,933,624    2,933,624          –          –              –     2,933,624
             Bank borrowings                        1.50        57,508       57,508          –          –              –        57,508
             Lease liabilities                      4.75       152,153       68,084     51,165     42,831              –       162,080


                                                             3,143,285    3,059,216     51,165     42,831              –     3,153,212




                                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

              (b)     Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                      Fair value measurement of financial instruments

                      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
                      recurring basis

                      Certain of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of
                      the reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial
                      assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used),
                      as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised
                      (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                           As at 31 December
                                                              2024         2023      Fair value     Valuation technique
                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000      hierarchy      and key input


                       Financial assets
                       Financial assets at FVTPL
                          – Wealth management             685,751         865,493    Level 2        Quoted value from banks and
                              products, notes and                                                     financial institutions based
                              investment funds                                                        on expected return with
                                                                                                      reference to underlying
                                                                                                      investment
                          – Unlisted equity investments    10,198               –    Level 3        Back-solve method (Note i)

                       Financial liabilities
                       Contingent consideration            (53,608)             –    Level 3        Discounted cash flow method
                         for a business combination                                                   was used to capture
                         – Cash consideration                                                         the present value of the
                            payables (Note 30)                                                        expected future economic
                                                                                                      benefits that will flow out of
                                                                                                      the Group arising from the
                                                                                                      contingent consideration,
                                                                                                      based on an appropriate
                                                                                                      discount rate (Note ii)
                                                                                                      (Note iii)
                       Contingent consideration            (55,083)             –    Level 3        Quoted market price per
                         for a business combination                                                   each ordinary share of the
                         – Consideration shares                                                       Company is used to capture
                            (Note 30)                                                                 the value of the expected
                                                                                                      shares to be allotted and
                                                                                                      issued from the contingent
                                                                                                      consideration (Note iii)




152   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024



32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)

            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
            recurring basis (Continued)

            Notes:

            (i)      Key inputs included possibilities under different scenarios, such as qualified IPO, redemption, liquidation and other
                     inputs, such as time to liquidation or redemption, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility value and dividend
                     yield.

            (ii)     Key unobservable inputs included discount rate and probability-adjusted revenue and profits of Yikuai
                     Pharmaceutical. No sensitivity analysis in relation to the discount rate has been presented as changes in fair values
                     due to changes the discount rate are insignificant.

            (iii)    Key inputs included quoted market price of the share of the Company and probability-adjusted revenue and profits
                     of Yikuai Pharmaceutical. As at 31 December 2024, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a
                     decrease in the expected probability-adjusted revenue and gross profits for year 2025, 2026 and 2027 by 5% would
                     decrease the carrying amount of the contingent consideration payables, including cash and shares consideration,
                     by RMB91,870,000.


            There were no transfer between Level 1 and 2 during both years.

            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                      Financial             Financial
                                                                                                         assets             liabilities
                                                                                                      at FVTPL              at FVTPL
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


               As at 1 January 2023                                                                              –           5,872,042
                 – changes in fair value                                                                         –           3,171,903
                 – automatic conversion of preferred shares upon the Listing                                     –          (9,043,945)


               As at 31 December 2023                                                                          –                     –
                 – purchased                                                                              10,000                     –
                 – contingent consideration for acquisition of subsidiaries                                    –              114,613
                 – changes in fair value                                                                     198                (5,922)


               As at 31 December 2024                                                                    10,198              108,691

            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on
            a recurring basis

            The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is determined in accordance with generally
            accepted pricing model based on discounted cash flow analysis.

            The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
            liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair
            values.


                                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024      153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      33.     RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

              The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
              and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
              cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
              activities.

                                                                                      Consideration
                                                                                        payable on
                                             Convertible                                acquisition   Contingent
                                              preferred          Lease           Bank            of consideration     Accrued
                                                 shares      liabilities   borrowings subsidiaries payables-cash    issue cost       Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


               At 1 January 2023               5,872,042       180,548              –             –             –       2,381     6,054,971


               Financing cash flow                     –       (89,997)        56,012             –             –      (33,798)      (67,783)
               New leases entered                      –        53,066              –             –             –            –        53,066
               Issue cost accruals                     –             –              –             –             –       31,417        31,417
               Fair value change               3,171,903             –              –             –             –            –    3,171,903
               Finance costs                           –         8,536          1,496             –             –            –        10,032
               Automatic conversion
                   of preferred shares
                   upon the IPO                (9,043,945)            –             –             –             –            –    (9,043,945)


               As at 31 December 2023                   –      152,153         57,508             –             –            –      209,661


               Financing cash flow                      –     (90,497)        (38,750)            –             –            –    (129,247)
               New leases entered/
                  lease modified                        –    110,163                –            –              –            –     110,163
               Acquisition of subsidiaries              –     31,599                –       42,721         53,347            –     127,667
               Fair value change                        –          –                –            –            261            –         261
               Finance costs                            –      8,889            2,449            –              –            –      11,338


               As at 31 December 2024                   –    212,307          21,207         42,721        53,608            –     329,843




154   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024



34.   TRANSFER OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

      The following were the Group’s financial assets as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 that were transferred to
      suppliers by endorsing those note receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the
      significant risks and rewards relating to these receivables, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount
      of the note receivables (see Note 19) and the full carrying amount of the trade payables (see Note 23) for
      endorsed notes receivables. These financial assets are carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated
      statement of financial position.

      As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                 Note receivables
                                                                                                     endorsed to
                                                                                                   suppliers with
                                                                                                     full recourse
                                                                                                         RMB’000


       Carrying amount of transferred financial assets                                                       48,046
       Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                            (48,046)


                                                                                                                    –


      As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                                  Note receivables
                                                                                                      endorsed to
                                                                                                    suppliers with
                                                                                                      full recourse
                                                                                                           RMB’000


       Carrying amount of transferred financial assets                                                         5,993
       Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                              (5,993)


                                                                                                                    –




                                                                                            YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      35.     CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


               Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
                 plant and equipment contracted for but not provided
                 in the consolidated financial statements                            2,679               3,591


      36.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

              Compensation of key management personnel

              The remuneration of directors who are also the key management personnel during the years ended 31
              December 2024 and 2023 is set out in Note 11.




156   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2024



37.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below:

                                                                                                   Proportion ownership
                                               Place of                                             interest attributable
                                               incorporation/                                         by the Company
       Name of                                 registration/  Paid up/          Registered           As at 31 December
       subsidiaries                            operations     issued capital    capital                 2024         2023   Principal activities


       Guangzhou Leyao Technology Co., Ltd.    The PRC         USD256,000,000   USD256,000,000        100%         100%     Investment holding
        廣州樂藥科技集團有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangdong Dihao                         The PRC         RMB105,000,000   RMB105,000,000        100%         100%     Wholesale of
        廣東帝豪藥業有限公司                                                                                                           pharmaceutical and
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                   healthcare products

       Hubei Chengweishang                     The PRC         RMB43,500,000    RMB43,500,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                             pharmaceutical and
        湖北誠為上醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          healthcare products
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Chengdu Beilebang                       The PRC         RMB81,000,000    RMB81,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                            pharmaceutical and
         成都北樂幫醫藥有限公司                                                                                                         healthcare products
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Jiangsu Jinshi                          The PRC         RMB91,000,000    RMB91,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
          Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                           pharmaceutical and
          江蘇金石醫藥有限公司                                                                                                         healthcare products
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangdong Dongjian                      The PRC         RMB146,000,000   RMB146,000,000        100%         100%     Wholesale of
        廣東東健醫藥有限公司                                                                                                           pharmaceutical and
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                   healthcare products

       Anhui Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB76,000,000    RMB76,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         安徽樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products




                                                                                                                   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024     157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      37.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                         Proportion ownership
                                                         Place of                                         interest attributable
                                                         incorporation/                                     by the Company
               Name of                                   registration/  Paid up/         Registered        As at 31 December
               subsidiaries                              operations     issued capital   capital              2024         2023   Principal activities


               Guangdong Jiuzhang                        The PRC         RMB10,000,000   RMB10,000,000      100%         100%     Retail of pharmaceutical
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                            and healthcare
                廣東九章醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          products
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Chongqing Yangtuo                         The PRC         RMB55,000,000   RMB55,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                 重慶央拓醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Donghua Yutai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB56,000,000   RMB56,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                東華宇泰（福建）醫藥有限公司                                                                                                     pharmaceutical and
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                 healthcare products

               Jilin Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB60,000,000   RMB60,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                  吉林省眾鑫藥業有限公司                                                                                                      pharmaceutical and
                  (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                               healthcare products

               Beijing Huisheng                          The PRC         RMB42,800,000   RMB42,800,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                 北京惠生醫藥有限責任公司                                                                                                      healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Jinan Gonghao                             The PRC         RMB41,000,000   RMB41,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                 濟南共好醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                 (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Heilongjiang Changle                      The PRC         RMB57,000,000   RMB57,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                           pharmaceutical and
                黑龍江常樂醫藥有限公司                                                                                                        healthcare products
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




158   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024



37.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                     Proportion ownership
                                                 Place of                                             interest attributable
                                                 incorporation/                                         by the Company
       Name of                                   registration/  Paid up/          Registered           As at 31 December
       subsidiaries                              operations     issued capital    capital                 2024         2023   Principal activities


       Zhejiang Lecheng                          The PRC         RMB52,000,000    RMB52,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                              pharmaceutical and
         浙江樂成醫藥有限公司                                                                                                            healthcare products
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Shaanxi Leying Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB28,000,000    RMB28,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         陝西樂盈醫藥有限公司                                                                                                            pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                    healthcare products

       Shanxi Lejin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.     The PRC         RMB23,000,000    RMB23,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         山西樂進醫藥有限公司                                                                                                            pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                    healthcare products

       Liaoning Lexing Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. The PRC          RMB61,000,000    RMB61,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
         遼寧樂興醫藥有限公司                                                                                                            pharmaceutical and
         (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                    healthcare products

       Guangzhou Junhe Huilian Supply            The PRC         RMB523,398,631   RMB524,000,000        100%         100%     Investment holding
        Chain Management Co., Ltd.
        廣州君合慧聯供應鏈管理有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Xi’an Leying Zhongkang                    The PRC         RMB28,000,000    RMB28,000,000         100%         100%     Wholesale of
          pharmaceutical chain Co., Ltd.                                                                                       pharmaceutical and
          西安樂盈眾康醫藥連鎖有限公司                                                                                                       healthcare products
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       YSB Investment Limited                    Hong Kong       USD166,299,980   N/A                   100%         100%     Investment holding

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Information             The PRC         RMB1,120,246,702 RMB1,122,890,000      100%         100%     Platform and software
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    service
        廣州速道易信息科技有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




                                                                                                                     YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024      159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      37.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                             Proportion ownership
                                                            Place of                                          interest attributable
                                                            incorporation/                                      by the Company
                  Name of                                   registration/  Paid up/          Registered        As at 31 December
                  subsidiaries                              operations     issued capital    capital              2024         2023   Principal activities


                  Guangzhou Sudaoyi                         The PRC         RMB1,000,000     RMB1,000,000       100%         100%     Platform and software
                   Business Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                           service
                   廣州速道易商務服務有限公司
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

                  Henan Subiao Information                  The PRC         nil              RMB1,000,000       100%         100%     Platform and software
                   Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 service
                   河南速標信息科技有限公司
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

                  Leyou Investment Limited                  Hong Kong       USD204,830,000   N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding

                  Guangzhou Yaobang*                        The PRC         nil              RMB1,000,000         0%           0%     Platform and software
                   廣州藥幫信息科技有限公司                                                                                                         service

                  Guangzhou Sudao*                          The PRC         RMB9,818,877     RMB9,818,877         0%           0%     Platform and software
                   廣州速道信息科技有限公司                                                                                                         service

                  Hebei Zeyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.       The PRC         RMB30,000,000    RMB40,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                   河北澤怡醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

                  Zhejiang Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC         RMB45,000,000    RMB45,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                    浙江樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                         pharmaceutical and
                    (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                 healthcare products

                  Hunan Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.      The PRC         RMB25,000,000    RMB25,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                   湖南樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

                  Henan Huiying Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB70,000,000    RMB70,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                   河南惠盈醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                   (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

                  YSB Technology Limited                    BVI             nil              N/A                100%         100%     Investment holding



              *          The Group obtained control over these entities through Contractual Arrangements as set out in Note 4.




160   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024



37.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                               Proportion ownership
                                             Place of                                           interest attributable
                                             incorporation/                                       by the Company
       Name of                               registration/  Paid up/         Registered          As at 31 December
       subsidiaries                          operations     issued capital   capital                2024         2023   Principal activities


       YSB Technology (Hong Kong) Limited    Hong Kong       nil             N/A                  100%         100%     Investment holding

       YSB Health Limited                    Hong Kong       nil             N/A                  100%         100%     Investment holding

       Guangzhou Yuewei Medical              The PRC         RMB7,000,000    RMB10,000,000        100%         100%     Medical testing services
        Laboratory Co., Ltd.
        廣州閱微醫學檢驗所有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Xiaoweicang Smart Drug      The PRC         nil             RMB1,000,000          70%          70%     Intelligent Pharmacy
        Store Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                         services
        廣州小微倉智能藥店科技有限公司
        (incorporated domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Yaoshibang                  The PRC         nil             USD1,000,000         100%         100%     Investment holding
        Investment Co., Ltd.
        廣州藥師幫投資有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Spectrum Health             The PRC         nil             RMB1,000,000          70%          70%     Medical testing services
        Technology Co., Ltd.
        廣州光譜健康科技有限公司
        (incorporated domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Project             The PRC         nil             RMB100,000           100%         100%     Investment holding
        Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
        廣州速道易項目管理顧問有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

       Guangzhou Sudaoyi Enterprise          The PRC         nil             RMB100,000           100%         100%     Investment holding
        Management Consulting Co, Ltd.
        廣州速道易企業管理顧問有限公司
        (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)




                                                                                                               YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024         161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      37.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                            Proportion ownership
                                                         Place of                                            interest attributable
                                                         incorporation/                                        by the Company
               Name of                                   registration/  Paid up/            Registered        As at 31 December
               subsidiaries                              operations     issued capital      capital              2024         2023   Principal activities


               Guangzhou Sudaode Traditional Chinese The PRC             nil                USD50,000          100%         100%     Investment holding
                Medicine Technology Co., Ltd.
                廣州速道的中藥科技有限公司
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Jiangxi Leyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    The PRC         RMB10,000,000      RMB10,000,000      100%         100%     Wholesale of
                  江西樂藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          pharmaceutical and
                  (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)                                                                                  healthcare products

               Guangzhou Yaoshibang Enterprise           The PRC         nil                RMB1,000,000       100%           0%     Investment holding
                Management Co., Ltd. (Note (i))
                廣州藥師幫企業管理有限公司
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Guangzhou Sudao Logistics                 The PRC         RMB500,000         RMB500,000         100%           0%     Logistic services
                Technology Co., Ltd. (Note (ii))
                廣州速道物流科技有限公司
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Guangzhou Jinfang Shangyao                The PRC         RMB3,000,000       RMB3,000,000       100%           0%     Platform and software
                Technology Co., Ltd. (Note (i))                                                                                        service
                廣州金方尚藥科技有限公司
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Hunan Jinfang Shangyao                    The PRC         RMB18,000,000      RMB18,000,000      100%           0%     Wholesale of
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Note (ii))                                                                                  pharmaceutical and
                湖南金方尚藥醫藥有限公司                                                                                                          healthcare products
                (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

               Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd (Note (iii))   Cayman Islands USD36,609,777.79    N/A              85.64%           0%     Investment holding

               Folding space (HK) Limited (Note (iii))   Hong Kong       USD36,599,137.34   N/A              85.64%           0%     Investment holding

               Hunan Folding Space                       The PRC         USD36,306,817.61   USD45,000,000    85.64%           0%     Investment holding
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Note (iii))
                湖南空間折疊醫藥有限責任公司
                (incorporated domestic enterprise)




162   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024



37.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company are set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                                  Proportion ownership
                                                Place of                                           interest attributable
                                                incorporation/                                       by the Company
         Name of                                registration/  Paid up/         Registered          As at 31 December
         subsidiaries                           operations     issued capital   capital                2024         2023   Principal activities


         Hunan Yikuai Pharmaceutical            The PRC         RMB26,000,000   RMB30,000,000        100%           0%     Wholesale of
          Technology Co., Ltd. (Note (iii))                                                                                 pharmaceutical and
          湖南一塊醫藥科技有限公司                                                                                                      healthcare products
          (wholly-owned domestic enterprise)

         Hunan Yizheng (Note (iii))             The PRC         RMB10,000,000   RMB10,000,000         70%           0%     Wholesale of
          湖南壹正生物科技研發有限公司                                                                                                    pharmaceutical and
          (incorporated domestic enterprise)                                                                                healthcare products

         Changsha Daliwan (Note (iii))          The PRC         RMB1,000,000    RMB1,000,000          90%           0%     Wholesale of
           長沙大粒玩文化傳媒有限公司                                                                                                    pharmaceutical and
           (incorporated domestic enterprise)                                                                               healthcare products

         Folding Space Internet (Note (iii))    The PRC         RMB5,673,077    RMB5,673,077          99%           0%     Wholesale of
           湖南空間折疊互聯網科技有限公司                                                                                                  pharmaceutical and
           (incorporated domestic enterprise)                                                                               healthcare products

         Hunan Yikuai Logistics Information     The PRC         nil             RMB2,000,000          99%           0%     Logistic services
           Consulting Co., Ltd. (Note (iii))
          湖南一塊物流信息諮詢有限公司
          (incorporated domestic enterprise)

      Notes:

      (i)       This company was newly established during the year ended 31 December 2024.

      (ii)      The Group acquired 100% of the interest of this company from third party during the year ended 31 December 2024.

      (iii)     The Group acquired the interest of this company from third party during the year ended 31 December 2024. Details of the
                acquisition are set out in Note 30.


      The voting power of the subsidiaries held by the Company are same with the ownership interest held by the
      Company.

      None of the subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities had issued any debt securities at the end of the
      year.




                                                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024     163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      38.     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


               Non-current asset
               Investments in subsidiaries                     3,876,679          3,049,288


               Current assets
               Other receivables                                     232            16,533
               Amount due from subsidiaries                      279,267           310,541
               Time deposits                                           –           239,673
               Bank balances and cash                             23,227            28,346


                                                                 302,726           595,093


               Current liabilities
               Other payables                                    (44,616)             (4,771)
               Amount due to subsidiaries                       (297,130)          (272,323)


                                                                (341,746)          (277,094)


               Net current (liabilities) assets                  (39,020)          317,999


               Total assets less current liabilities           3,837,659          3,367,287


               Non-current liability
               Contingent consideration payables                (108,691)                  –


               Net assets                                      3,728,968          3,367,287


               Capital and reserves
               Share capital                                          12                 11
               Reserves                                        3,728,956          3,367,276


               Total equities                                  3,728,968          3,367,287




164   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024



38.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

      Movement in the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                         Deferred Share-based
                                               Share consideration  payments         Treasury Accumulated
                                            premium        shares    reserves          Shares       losses           Total
                                            RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


       At 1 January 2023                            –          –       59,174                –     (2,922,197)    (2,863,023)
       Loss and other comprehensive
          expense for the year                     –           –             –               –     (3,229,447)    (3,229,447)
       Issue of new shares upon the IPO      317,132           –             –               –              –        317,132
       Transaction costs attributable
          to issue of new shares              (39,243)         –             –               –              –        (39,243)
       Automatic conversion of Preferred
          Shares upon the IPO               9,043,936          –             –               –              –     9,043,936
       Recognition of equity-settled
          share-based payments                      –          –      118,278                –              –       118,278
       Purchase of shares for the award
          share scheme                              –          –             –          (4,829)             –         (4,829)
       Transfer forfeited equity-settled
          share-based payments to
          accumulated losses                       –           –        (2,825)              –          2,825             –
       Exercise of share options              48,605           –       (24,133)              –              –        24,472


       At 31 December 2023                  9,370,430          –      150,494           (4,829)    (6,148,819)    3,367,276


       Loss and other comprehensive
         expense for the year                     –            –             –               –        (7,607)       (7,607)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries          184,024       41,770             –               –             –       225,794
       Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based payments                       –          –      137,692                –              –      137,692
       Purchase of shares for the
         award share scheme                         –          –             –         (2,210)              –        (2,210)
       Exercise of share options and
         vesting of RSUs                     70,568            –      (62,322)           (235)              –         8,011


       At 31 December 2024                 9,625,022      41,770      225,864          (7,274)    (6,156,426)    3,728,956


39.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      There have been no material subsequent events identified subsequent to 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                  YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   165
      Financial Summary


      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

      A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out below:

                                                                        Year Ended 31 December
                                                       2024             2023         2022       2021                      2020
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000                   RMB’000


       Revenue                                   17,903,608        16,972,276       14,274,810      10,093,538        6,064,907
       Gross profit                               1,813,451         1,740,923        1,434,717         913,830          608,789
       Profit (loss) before tax                      14,368        (3,210,197)      (1,496,867)       (503,074)        (576,272)
       Income tax credit (expense)                      713             3,690            (3,171)         1,454            4,561
       Profit (loss) for the year                    15,081        (3,206,507)      (1,500,038)       (501,620)        (571,711)
       Profit (loss) and total
         comprehensive income
         (expense) for the year
         attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                        30,013        (3,189,212)     (1,488,688)        (494,041)       (571,711)
         Non-controlling interests                   (14,932)          (17,295)        (11,350)          (7,579)              –


       Profit (loss) and total
         comprehensive income
         (expense) for the year                       15,081        (3,206,507)      (1,500,038)       (501,620)       (571,711)


       Earnings (loss) per share
         (basic and diluted, RMB)                        0.05             (8.26)         (11.88)           (3.94)          (4.56)




166   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                              Financial Summary


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                      Year Ended 31 December
                                         2024         2023         2022       2021                 2020
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000              RMB’000


Assets
Non-current assets                    1,326,676      348,803      423,749        863,865         797,876
Current assets                        5,168,431    4,863,040    3,684,991      2,572,700       1,792,858


Total assets                          6,495,107    5,211,843    4,108,740      3,436,565       2,590,734


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities                 353,704       92,201      102,718        119,529         105,075
Current liabilities                   3,872,759    3,236,104    8,375,732      6,225,525       4,947,815


Total liabilities                     4,226,463    3,328,305    8,478,450      6,345,054       5,052,890


Equities
Equities (deficits) attributable to
  owners of the Company               2,319,063    1,919,762    (4,350,781)   (2,900,910)      (2,462,156)
Non-controlling interests               (50,419)     (36,224)      (18,929)       (7,579)               –


Total equities (deficits)             2,268,644    1,883,538    (4,369,710)   (2,908,489)      (2,462,156)


Total equities and liabilities        6,495,107    5,211,843    4,108,740      3,436,565       2,590,734




                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   167
      Definitions


      “Audit Committee”                       the audit committee of the Company

      “Award Shares”                          the Shares underlying an award granted under the 2023 Share Incentive
                                              Plan, which includes new Shares or existing Shares

      “Board”                                 the board of Directors

      “CG Code”                               the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                              Rules (as amended from time to time)

      “China” or the “PRC”                    the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this annual report
                                              only, except where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong,
                                              the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

      “Companies Ordinance”                   the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Company”, “our Company” or             YSB Inc. (藥師幫股份有限公司), (formerly known as YSB Capital Limited),
        “the Company”                         a limited liability company incorporated under the Laws of the Cayman
                                              Islands on 27 August 2018, the shares of which are listed on the Main
                                              Board of the Stock Exchange under the stock code “9885”

      “Consolidated Affiliated Entity(ies)”   Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Yaobang and their subsidiaries and
                                              affiliated entities, the financial accounts of which have been consolidated
                                              and accounted for as if they were subsidiaries of our Company by virtue of
                                              contractual arrangements

      “Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

      “Environmental, Social and              the environmental, social and corporate governance committee of the
        Corporate Governance                  Company
        Committee”

      “FY 2024”                               financial year ended 31 December 2024

      “Global Offering”                       the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering

      “Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”            the Company and its subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                                              time to time, and where the context requires, in respect of the period
                                              prior to our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                              subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our Company
                                              at the relevant time




168   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                         Definitions


“Guangzhou Sudao”             Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有
                              限公司)

“Guangzhou Yaobang”           Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技
                              有限公司)

“HK$”                         Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”           the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Public Offering”   has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus

“IFRS”                        International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                              the International Accounting Standards Board

“International Offering”      has the meaning ascribed to it in the Prospectus

“Listing”                     the listing of our shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                28 June 2023, the date on which our shares were listed and on which
                              dealings in our shares were first permitted to take place on the Stock
                              Exchange

“Listing Rules”               the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                              Hong Kong Limited

“Main Board”                  the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                              Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with GEM
                              of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                              set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Zhang”                   Mr. Zhang Buzhen (張步鎮), the founder, executive Director, Chairman of
                              the Board and Chief Executive Officer of our Group

“Nomination Committee”        the nomination committee of the Company

“PRC Legal Advisor”           Anjie Broad Law Firm

“Prospectus”                  the Company’s prospectus dated 15 June 2023, a copy of which is
                              available on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at
                              www.hkexnews.hk

“Remuneration Committee”      the remuneration committee of the Company




                                                                                 YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024   169
      Definitions


      “Reporting Period”               the financial year ended 31 December 2024

      “RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of China

      “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                       Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                       time

      “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par value of
                                       US$0.0000025 each

      “Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of the Share(s)

      “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                       Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and includes our
                                       consolidated affiliated entities and any other entity the financials of which
                                       are consolidated into the accounts of the Company

      “substantial shareholder”        has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules

      “U.S. dollars” or “US$”          United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “United States” or “US”          the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                       subject to its jurisdiction

      “Yikuai Pharmaceutical”          Folding Space (Cayman) Ltd. and its subsidiaries

      “2019 Share Incentive Plan”      the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                       effective since 1 January 2019 (as amended from time to time), the
                                       principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory and general information –
                                       Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the Prospectus

      “2023 Share Incentive Plan”      the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                       effective upon Listing, which constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17
                                       of the Listing Rules, the principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory
                                       and general information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the
                                       Prospectus

      “%”                              per cent




170   YSB INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2024
