藥師幫股份有限公司
YSB Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code: 9885




                                                  2024
                                            INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS

2    CORPORATE INFORMATION

4    BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

13   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

14   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

21   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION

32   REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

34   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION

36   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY

37   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS

38   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

58   DEFINITIONS
Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Executive Directors                       Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                          Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)
Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮)
 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   AUDITOR
Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
                                          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Non-Executive Director                    Certified Public Accountants
                                          Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Mr. Ziyang Zhu (朱梓陽)
                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                          Vistra (Cayman) Limited
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  Hibiscus Way 802 West Bay Road
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  Grand Cayman KY1-1205
                                          Cayman Islands
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                          HEADQUARTERS
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        Yaoshibang Building
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)                  No. 8 Brand Street
                                          TIT Creative Industry Zone
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                    No. 397 Xingang Middle Road
                                          Guangzhou, China
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉) (Chairman)
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  HONG KONG

NOMINATION COMMITTEE                      5/F, Manulife Place
                                          348 Kwun Tong Road
Mr. Buzhen Zhang (張步鎮) (Chairman)         Kowloon, Hong Kong
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強)                  LEGAL ADVISORS

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND                 As to Hong Kong law and United States law
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE            Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates

Mr. Hongqiang Zhao (趙宏強) (Chairman)       As to PRC law
Ms. Rong Shao (邵蓉)                        Fangda Partners
Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun (孫含暉)
                                          As to Cayman Islands law
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                 Harney Westwood & Riegels

Mr. Fei Chen (陳飛)
Ms. Fung Wai Sum (馮慧森)




2     YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                           Corporate Information


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

Maxa Capital Limited
Unit 2602, 26/F, Golden Centre
188 Des Voeux Road Central
Sheung Wan, Hong Kong

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Services (Cayman Islands) Limited
Third Floor, Century Yard
Cricket Square, P.O. Box 902
Grand Cayman, KY1-1103
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL BANKS

Ping An Bank, Shenzhen Bantian Branch
China Merchants Bank, Guangzhou Branch
Bank of China, Guangzhou Panyu Branch

STOCK CODE

9885

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.ysbang.cn




                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.   3
Business Review and Outlook


BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE REPORTING PERIOD

With solidifying support from favourable policies and accelerated advancements in the innovation of the outside-of-
hospital pharmaceutical channels and models, the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical market has embraced a large
room for development.

In May 2024, the National Healthcare Security Administration released the Circular on Strengthening Regional
Synergy for Quality Improvement and Coverage Expansion of the Centralised Pharmaceutical Procurement in 2024
(《關於加強區域協同做好2024年醫藥集中採購提質擴面的通知》), which aims to improve the quality and expand
the coverage of centralised procurement, thereby further increases the capabilities and scale of local procurement
alliances through joint promotion at both national and local levels. The expansion of centralised procurement,
combined with the implementation of hierarchical diagnosis and treatment system, has further driven the flow of
prescription drugs to outside-of-hospital pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions. In June 2024, the General
Office of the State Council issued the Major Tasks for Deepening the Reform of the Medical and Healthcare System in
2024 (《深化醫藥衛生體制改革2024年重點工作任務》), which expressly stipulates the need to strengthen the capacity
building for primary healthcare services, improve the infrastructure conditions of primary healthcare institutions,
and promote the smart auxiliary medical information systems. In line with the increase in both aging population and
demand for healthcare from residents in society, the demand for outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical and primary
healthcare also continued to rise. As a leading innovative pharmaceutical and healthcare service enterprise in the
outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry, the Company continued to respond to relevant national policies by
insisting on empowering outside-of-hospital market entities with science and technology and guiding the outside-of-
hospital pharmaceutical market towards high-efficiency and high-quality development.

During the Reporting Period, the businesses of the Company maintained high-quality growth, as reflected by our
total GMV of RMB23,830 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.1%. With the continuous expansion of
pharmaceutical and healthcare products offering and the continuous improvement of user experience, we have
built a high-quality user ecosystem with viscosity and active transactions. As of 30 June 2024, our cumulative number
of registered buyers was over 741,000, including around 426,000 pharmacies and over 310,000 primary healthcare
institutions. During the Reporting Period, we had an average number of monthly active buyers (“MAB”) of over
425,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.4%. The average number of monthly paying buyers (“MPB”)
reached 396,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.6%. Our paying ratio, i.e. the proportion of average
number of MPB to average number of MAB, has exceeded 93%, and the average number of orders per paying buyer
per month was around 28.

ONLINE MARKETPLACE

Online Marketplace is the cornerstone for ensuring the sustainable growth of our business. Relying on the Internet
technology, we have built an online trading platform that connects upstream pharmaceutical suppliers with
downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions. On one hand, we continued to upgrade the refined
digital operation system provided to pharmaceutical companies and distributors, attracting more third-party
merchants to join the platform and offering downstream users with richer and more diversified pharmaceutical and
healthcare products; on the other hand, we also enabled pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions across the
country to directly connect with a broader base of upstream suppliers. Leveraging on the online trading platform,
buyers and sellers can complete the hassle-free processes from product information inquiry to ordering, payment and
logistics tracking, which greatly improved transaction efficiency. As of 30 June 2024, we attracted approximately 8,900
upstream sellers and over 741,000 downstream buyers to transact on our platform. During the Reporting Period, the
GMV of our Online Marketplace of third-party merchants was RMB14,234 million, accounting for 59.7% of total GMV,
and representing a year-on-year increase of 5.1%.


4      YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                             Business Review and Outlook


Our Online Marketplace seeks to continuously assist in addressing the supply and demand mismatch issue and
provide cost-effective access to a vast selection of stock keeping units (“SKUs”) to buyers. During the Reporting
Period, buyers could select among around 3.9 million SKUs, including prescription drugs, over-the-counter (“OTC”)
drugs and medical and healthcare products, of which the number of SKUs of medical and healthcare products
witnessed a relatively strong growth, representing a year-on-year increase of over 60%. A large number of buyers who
were brought together by the platform formed a virtual alliance with better bargaining power. Since product prices
are transparent on the platform, buyers are able to order pharmaceuticals at the best price available on the platform
and monitor their orders online. As a result, downstream pharmacies can benefit from our Online Marketplace by
being able to attract more end customers with diversified SKU offerings.

We further improved the layout of products and expanded the traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”) decoction
pieces business in all aspects. On the supply side, we insisted on taking TCM decoction pieces manufacturers
as the new main development targets. As of 30 June 2024, more than 85% of suppliers of TCM decoction pieces
on our platform were TCM decoction pieces manufacturers. By joining hands with high-quality merchants on the
platform, we have carried out a number of live streaming activities in production areas for authentic TCM materials to
accelerate the empowerment of the TCM field with digitalisation and improve the efficiency of the TCM industry. We
strictly controlled the quality of TCM materials from the source by quantifying key indicators including colour, size,
and scrap rate and setting 60 Jinfang standards of TCM (中藥金方標準) that are more suitable for online purchases,
and continued to promote the standard establishment for new products, effectively solving the industry pain points
of varying standards among manufacturers and difficulties in making comparison when purchasing online, and thus
promoted the healthy development of the TCM decoction pieces industry. During the Reporting Period, we provided
a total of over 125,000 SKUs of TCM decoction pieces to downstream customers and achieved sales of approximately
RMB932 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 96%. Among which, monomer pharmacies
were our major buyers and their purchases accounted for approximately 58% of the total purchases of TCM decoction
pieces, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 72%. Overall speaking, the average number of buyers
for monthly TCM decoction pieces exceeded 110,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 45%,
among which primary healthcare institutions grew at the fastest pace in terms of number among buyers, with a year-
on-year increase of more than 75%. In addition, the average number of monthly purchases for TCM decoction pieces
per buyer exceeds nine times, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 81%, among which the number
of monthly average orders placed by primary healthcare institutions recorded the fastest growth, with a year-on-year
increase of more than 87%. The rapid growth in new categories not only proved our platform’s ability to continuously
expand the scope of competence, but also further laid a solid foundation for us to increase revenue and profitability.

We charge upstream sellers a commission, which is based on a certain percentage of their sales on our Online
Marketplace. The average Online Marketplace commission rate we charged, which equals to the commissions we
receive from third-party sellers divided by the corresponding GMV, was 3.2% and 3.3% in the first half of 2023 and
2024, respectively. In return, our Online Marketplace provides subsidies in the form of coupon to our downstream
buyers. Our Online Marketplace subsidy ratio, which equals to the amount of subsidies provided to buyers and used
on Online Marketplace divided by the GMV from Online Marketplace, was 0.5% and 0.6% in the first half of 2023 and
2024, respectively, without compromising customer retention rate and transaction level.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.    5
Business Review and Outlook


GENERAL SELF-OPERATION BUSINESS

Self-operation Business acts as a stabiliser to ensure that we provide better services to more customers in a quick
and economical manner. The business is conducted through our self-operated online digital stores. After obtaining
the consent from relevant parties under the privacy policy of our platform, based on the transaction history on our
Online Marketplace and underpinned by our big data analyses of buyers’ demand and transaction preference, we
are able to make procurement decisions based on downstream demand, select SKUs with higher frequencies of
purchase and better quality, and exercise a higher level of quality control over these products on our own. During
the Reporting Period, our Self-operation Business provided an average monthly SKUs of over 300,000 to downstream
buyers. By providing high quality products at competitive prices under our Self-operation Business, we enhanced the
competitiveness of downstream users in the market and enabled them to achieve sales growth.

We kept strengthening our supply chain services, which cover procurement, warehousing, order processing,
invoicing, payment collection, and delivery to downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions, with the
aim of revitalising our ecosystem and in turn further enhancing the experience of the buyers. As of 30 June 2024,
we have established 20 strategic centralised warehouses and 2 smart sub-warehouses nationwide, and created a
warehouse layout that combines main warehouses and sub-warehouses, continuously consolidating the Company’s
leading strength of fulfilment capacity in the industry.

To complete the delivery from warehouses to buyers, we engaged third-party carriers with high reputation with
respect to time, quality, and flexibility. We provided our buyers with stable supply and fulfilment through our
centralised management of inventory and delivery. Thanks to our control over the supply chain, we are able to
achieve an efficient inter-province delivery by taking around 39 hours for cities and around 49 hours for towns on
average. As a result, pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions can place orders in a flexible manner, such
as frequent placement of orders in small amount to effectively avoid overstocking, which in turn greatly enhances
operating efficiency. Meanwhile, as the intra-city delivery business of third-party logistics carriers became increasingly
mature, we also began to launch intra-city delivery services in certain cities where our main warehouses are located.
We established a logistics platform to distribute orders to social vehicles, monitoring the services and efficiency of the
entire process covering loading, transportation and delivery. As of 30 June 2024, we had opened a total of over 150
logistics routes across 17 cities nationwide, providing our buyers with stable supply and quality fulfilment. We have
achieved half-day delivery and same-day delivery for intra-city orders in most of our main warehouses. In terms of
order quantity, approximately 58% of intra-city orders were delivered within only half a day from placement of orders
to delivery during the Reporting Period, representing an increase of more than 41% as compared to the same period
of last year; among which more than 15% of the intra-city orders were delivered from placement of orders to delivery
within 8 hours. Such fast and fabulous procurement experience significantly increased the variety and frequency
of purchases from our downstream customers. In order to further improve the coverage and delivery efficiency of
pharmaceuticals procured by downstream users, we had also piloted the delivery services via medical cold chains in
various cities, aiming at further increasing the coverage and speed of our supply to downstream users in the future.




6      YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                               Business Review and Outlook


While we continued to improve our ability to serve downstream buyers, we also provided upstream suppliers with
a range of digital tools to help improve their performance. As of 30 June 2024, the number of suppliers of our Self-
operation Business amounted to more than 10,000, representing an increase of over 800 suppliers as compared to
the same period of last year. Through our digital tools, suppliers receive timely feedbacks on the demand of products
and after-sale services from downstream buyers. They can direct their decision-making according to the feedback
on geographical preference, pharmacy distribution and market sales trend provided by us, monitor pharmaceutical
promotion performance, track their products and respond to market demands. They also enjoy the benefits from the
scale effect brought by us. We generate revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products. We are able to negotiate
directly with pharmaceutical companies and other sellers to obtain competitive pricing from the upstream given
our expanding business scale. During the Reporting Period, the GMV of our General Self-operation Business was
approximately RMB9,095 million, accounting for 38.2% of the total GMV, and representing a year-on-year increase of
14.1%.

During the Reporting Period, we reached comprehensive strategic cooperation with various well-known
pharmaceutical companies, including CR Sanjiu (華潤三九), Kenvue (China) (科赴中國) and Yangtze River
Pharmaceutical Group (揚子江藥業集團), and upgraded our cooperation mechanism to help branded pharmaceutical
products access the promising outside-of-hospital market in a more comprehensive and accurate manner. Leveraging
on its strong channel strengths and digital advantages, the Company has become a preferred cooperation platform
for branded pharmaceutical companies to achieve growth in the outside-of-hospital market. We help branded
pharmaceutical companies to achieve precision marketing, seise the incremental growth in the outside-of-hospital
pharmaceutical market, and serve the end users in a more diversified manner.

TARGETED PRODUCT LAUNCH BUSINESS

Leveraging on enormous insights from years of extensive experience in running both Online Marketplace and
Self-operation Business, we are able to identify sales potential for products with certain characteristics, such as
pharmaceuticals of high demand but limited brand awareness, pharmaceuticals that are sold well in hospitals but
not adequately promoted in outside-of-hospital pharmacies, and pharmaceuticals that are well promoted and
therefore better known in one geographic region but are less known in another. On one hand, we seek to collaborate
with pharmaceutical companies to assist them in promoting products tailored for downstream needs to convert
potential market opportunities into realised sales of products. On the other hand, we underwent targeted product
development in our own brand “Leyaoshi (樂藥師)” based on our established brand and existing channel advantages,
so as to launch a wide range of private brand products that better satisfy the market demands. The Targeted Product
Launch Business played a significant role in contributing to the continued optimisation of the gross profit structure
of the Company’s Self-operation Business. During the Reporting Period, the GMV of our Targeted Product Launch
Business amounted to RMB501 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.9%.

We continue to provide refined and professional services to partner pharmaceutical companies. During their course
of carrying out our Targeted Product Launch Business, we offer them marketing solutions throughout the product life
cycle and constantly provide market feedback to partner pharmaceutical companies to help them further improve
their products and tailor their marketing promotion strategies, so as to assist in sustaining the growth of their product
sales. As of 30 June 2024, we collaborated with over 500 pharmaceutical companies to launch promotion, covering 11
products each with sales exceeding RMB5 million.




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024    YSB INC.    7
Business Review and Outlook


During the Reporting Period, we focused on expanding the coverage of our exclusive strategic partnership brands
and our own brand “Leyaoshi” to downstream pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions. As of the first half of
2024, the GMV of exclusive brands under strategic partnership and our own brand amounted to RMB224 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 94% and accounting for approximately 45% of the GMV of
our Targeted Product Launch Business as compared to approximately 22% in the first half of 2023. Among which, the
GMV of our own brand “Leyaoshi” soared by approximately 160% year-on-year and accounted for approximately
30% of the GMV of our Targeted Product Launch Business.

During the Reporting Period, we kept exploring for products with the potential to become our top-selling products in
sales channels and expanding the product coverage of “Leyaoshi” to attain competitive differentiation and improve
profitability. As of 30 June 2024, the number of products under “Leyaoshi” exceeded 170, marking the Company’s
milestone as it officially entered a new era with hundreds of products. “Leyaoshi” has successfully become a new
force in terminal pharmaceutical sales with an accumulated number of over 300,000 purchasing customers. During the
Reporting Period, the GMV of “Leyaoshi” branded products soared by approximately 160% year-on-year, of which
the procurement GMV of primary healthcare institutions rocketed by approximately 280% year-on-year; the number
of paying users increased by more than 94% year-on-year, among which the number of paying users from primary
healthcare institutions surged by approximately 180% year-on-year, achieving growth in both product numbers and
sales.

We will continue to explore private brand model in depth under our “Go Upstream (向上走)” strategy, and continue
to focus on key single products produced by private factories and private brands with own approvals. Based on the
extensive user base and market data of our platform, we continued to precisely capture user needs to formulate
more efficient product strategies and provide downstream users with more competitive products, thus gradually
establishing a competitive private brand system and striving to become a national pharmaceutical brand trusted by
consumers. In the first half of 2024, “Leyaoshi” launched a seasonal new product “Leyaoshi Huoxiang Zhengqi Kou
Fu Ye (樂藥師藿香正氣口服液)”, which has covered approximately 100,000 end users in only five months since its
launch, and recorded a monthly sales of more than RMB10 million in June 2024. Starting from scratch, the product
has been building up customer base and, as of the first half of 2024, more than 80% of its sales was contributed by
monomer pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions, fully showcasing “Leyaoshi” brand’s terminal influence in
the downstream market and the efficiency of its business development team.

OTHER BUSINESSES

ClouDiagnos (光譜雲檢)

Leveraging on our in-depth understanding of primary healthcare needs and years of experience in the pharmaceutical
supply chain, we continue to make efforts in enhancing the diagnosis and treatment capability of primary care
doctors, with an aim to comprehensively improve the efficiency and quality of the services of primary healthcare
institutions. We place point-of-care testing equipment at primary healthcare institutions to generate test results on-
site within a short period of time, so as to support primary care doctors’ clinical decision. In addition, we built our
examination laboratories close to primary users. This shortens the physical distance between primary users and our
examination laboratories, making it possible to generate test results on the same day or even within a few hours after
an order for specific items and mixed items has been placed. By combining various methods, we effectively meet the
needs of primary users on multiple aspects, such as examination efficiency, examination accuracy, items diversity and
more, which achieved the effect of empowering primary healthcare institutions to set up examination departments
and upgrade diagnosis and treatment capability.




8      YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                Business Review and Outlook


There is a strong synergy effect between ClouDiagnos and our pharmaceutical business. On one hand, effective
BD (business development) ensures that all of over 310,000 downstream primary healthcare institutions registered
with our platform can access our ClouDiagnos services, providing a large and stable user base. On the other hand,
ClouDiagnos strengthens the bond between us and downstream primary healthcare institutions, and in turn promotes
pharmaceutical sales on our platform. As of 30 June 2024, we collaborated with around 13,600 primary healthcare
institutions.

SaaS solutions

During the Reporting Period, we continued to focus on improving the operational efficiency of upstream and
downstream participants along the industry chain.

We offer CloudComm service to upstream sellers. CloudComm provides a series of store management solutions,
including real-time interaction and information updates on price, inventory, and order status. CloudComm also
provides all-in-one printing service, for sellers to efficiently print and transmit certification and qualification together
with order information. As of 30 June 2024, we provided this service to over 7,700 sellers, representing an increase of
over 700 sellers during the Reporting Period.

We offer ePalm service to downstream buyers. ePalm helps pharmacies with streamlined inventory management
and connection into the social security system, which greatly improves downstream pharmacies’ ability to update
and manage inventory as well as the efficiency of the entire pharmaceutical circulation process. As of 30 June 2024,
ePalm provided this service to approximately 54,000 buyers, representing an increase of over 4,700 buyers during the
Reporting Period. ePalm also assisted buyers from 160 cities in connecting to social security departments.

During the Reporting Period, we had been optimising and upgrading the Cloud Consultation (光譜雲診) service,
which caters to the vast market of primary healthcare institutions. Leveraging on extensive medical big data for
tracking and analysis, this service offers features such as quick clinical reception, consultation and prescription,
patient management, and pharmaceuticals management. It also streamlines the drug procurement process with
one-click inventory management, and improves the management efficiency of primary healthcare institutions by
connecting them to local medical insurance departments. As of 30 June 2024, we had completed the connection
and development of a local medical insurance and healthcare inspection system in our pilot city, Foshan, marking a
successful connection to the medical insurance system in the pilot city and empowering our local clients in providing
better services to patients. We have also developed the basic functions for the entire clinics system, receiving
applauses from many clients including Western medical clinics, Chinese medical clinics and combined medical clinics.
During the Reporting Period, we successfully acquired hundreds of new clients, including dozens of clinic chains.

YSB eLEARN

During the Reporting Period, we continued to make efforts in improving the service capability of pharmacists. Since
2015, we have introduced mobile pharmaceutical training classrooms to empower pharmacists. We offer online
training sessions to help prospective pharmacists prepare for the Pharmacist Licensure Examination, and invite
pharmaceutical companies to provide online introductory sessions directly to pharmacists to help them better
understand the pharmaceuticals in use. These sessions have improved pharmacists’ capability in providing accurate
and timely services to end customers, on one hand, and raised awareness and reputation of us among pharmacists,
on the other hand.

As of 30 June 2024, we provided online training to approximately 280,000 pharmacists and prospective pharmacists.




                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024    YSB INC.     9
Business Review and Outlook


SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Our smart supply chain management system is significantly attributed to our ever-growing scale. Based on algorithm
and the insights we accumulated from transacting on our Self-operation Business and Online Marketplace, we
integrate the front and back ends of the supply chain, covering the whole process of procurement, warehousing and
delivery. During the Reporting Period, we were able to guarantee an order can be processed and completed for
delivery in approximately 3 hours on average, much faster than the industry level. During the Reporting Period, by
leveraging on smart supply chain management, we maintained payable turnover days at around 60.6 days, inventory
turnover days at around 31.0 days and receivable turnover days at around 0.6 day. Accordingly, our cash conversion
cycle was around –28.9 days. The quick turnover business model allows us to manage cash efficiently and bring idle
cash to the platform, which improves our liquidity and effectively ensures that we can safely and quickly scale up our
overall business. Idle cash also brings us extra revenue in addition to gross profit, greatly improving our profitability.

Even more, in terms of payment, downstream buyers have access to the supply chain financial services on our
platform. We use digital technology to integrate information on business, logistics, information flow and capital,
through which we have built a financial service system that integrates the platform with upstream and downstream
enterprises. Third-party financial institutions rely on our platform to provide order financing products to downstream
buyers. The loan funding received by downstream buyers can only be used for purchasing goods on our platform.
During the Reporting Period, the number of downstream active users for order financing products was over 8,700,
representing a year-on-year increase of 130.0%; the cumulative lending amount was approximately RMB3,864 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 71.2%, of which the cumulative lending amount of order financing products
from downstream chain pharmacy customers was approximately RMB3,010 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 74.7%. The supply chain financial services not only helped downstream users in improving capital flow
management, but also significantly increased the willingness of chain pharmacies in purchasing on our platform.
During the Reporting Period, the number of MPB from chain pharmacy headquarters was over 3,800, and the
purchases amount recorded a year-on-year increase of approximately 40%, accounting for approximately 20% of our
total GMV.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

We tailored our business development strategies based on our experience, competence, and capacity cultivated
from serving and transacting at primary healthcare level. We closely monitor the immense potential and opportunities
in the market and keep track on regulatory development to constantly adjust our business development strategies
and grow with the market. As of 30 June 2024, our business development team consisted of around 2,900 members,
and we saw a further increase in staff efficiency of this team as compared to the same period of last year. Each
member can manage approximately 150 pharmacies on average, representing an increase of over 14 pharmacies as
compared to the same period of last year. This development strategy is extremely effective. As of 30 June 2024, we
covered over 310,000 primary healthcare institution users, representing an increase of approximately 64,000 users
as compared to the number of such users as of 31 December 2023. Moreover, our registered buyers covered 98.6%
of counties and 90.7% of towns in China. In the first half of 2024, in terms of staff efficiency, each member of the
business development team can bring approximately RMB8.2 million of GMV, representing a year-on-year increase of
6.4%.




10     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                              Business Review and Outlook


SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

We have always adhered to the concept of sustainable development, and been active in fulfilling corporate social
responsibility. During the Reporting Period, with the joint efforts from all departments, we established “Sudao
Technology Welfare Association (速道科技公益社團)” to act as a role model in giving back to society with public
welfare in aspects of environmental protection, education and industry health.

In active response to the voluntary tree-planting activities of the Ecological Construction of Green Beauty Guangdong
(綠美廣東生態建設), we donated bundles of osmanthus fragrans saplings as a solid action of “greening the world
by tree-planting (植樹護綠)”, making contribution to the Ecological Construction of Green Beauty Guangdong. We
organised a welfare cleaning activity through hiking to pick up trashes on mountains along a hiking course with an
aim to protect natural environment.

We initiated a book donation activity where staff from all departments of the Company were invited to deliver warmth
through Mutian Charity (幕天公益) by sending books to children from villages. We also made donations to the
Green & Shine Foundation (桂馨基金會) on a quarterly basis to support the improvement of China’s rural education
environment, helping education charities and improving the educational conditions for rural teachers and students.

On our platform, we launched the “YSB eLearn (藥學習)” column, offering free content on drug explanations,
general practice, and medical encyclopedia for licensed pharmacists and village doctors, continuously enhancing the
pharmaceutical and diagnostic capabilities of grassroots pharmacists and doctors, and thereby providing patients
with higher quality medical and healthcare services.

OUTLOOK

As a leader in the digital ecosystem construction of the outside-of-hospital pharmaceutical industry, we will deepen
the cooperation with all participants in the industry chain to keep on accelerating the digitalisation of the outside-
of-hospital pharmaceutical industry. Sticking to the initial intention of “To make quality medical care and good
medicine accessible to all (讓好醫好藥普惠可及)”, we will empower upstream and downstream users with continuous
and professional digital solutions, strive to achieve closed-loop services in product supply, procurement services and
smart marketing, thereby improving their operating efficiency.

In terms of Online Marketplace, we will provide more comprehensive and digital operation system for upstream
sellers to boost the long-term growth of third-party merchants. On one hand, we will focus on enhancing the diversity
of our products to fully meet the demand from downstream users and improve user viscosity. Our focus will be on the
expansion of the TCM business, for which we will, on one hand, continue to penetrate into origin production areas
for the launch of Jinfang standards covering more products and to reinforce our cooperation in respect of authentic
medicinal decoction pieces with leading enterprises in production areas, and on the other hand, establish a TCM
digital operating system (中藥數字化作業系統) to promote setting up “standard” for non-standard items among TCM
materials.

In terms of Self-operation Business, we will strengthen the construction of our own smart supply chain system, and
keep on building a warehouse network that combines a logistics system for intra-city car delivery. On the basis of
optimising the layout of Self-operation warehouses, we will further develop intra-city car delivery services, achieving
more half-day delivery for orders from cities where main warehouses are located and their surrounding cities. At the
same time, we will continue the test run of delivery services via medical cold chains before rolling out the operations
of such service to other major cities, in a bid to further widen the coverage and increase the efficiency of our supply.



                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.   11
Business Review and Outlook


In addition, we will further expand Targeted Product Launch Business. By actively planning layout in upstream,
strengthening strategic cooperation with upstream pharmaceutical companies and suppliers, we will constantly
innovate and upgrade cooperation models and broaden cooperation areas. We will also keep on expanding the
product mix of our own brand “Leyaoshi”, continuously strengthen the omni-channel coverage of high-quality unique
products such as the key single products under our Targeted Product Launch Business, best-selling products and
members-only products, to accelerate the development of Targeted Product Launch Business.

In terms of other businesses, we will increase investments in technology, constantly innovate and update various
system functions, and enhance the operation efficiency and services capabilities of upstream and downstream
platform users. We will keep on creating overall solutions for “ClouMinihouse (光譜小屋)” primary smart healthcare
system by combining “FutureClou (未來光譜)” series products, the advanced point-of-care testing equipments,
“Cloud Consultation Saas (光譜雲診SaaS)”, a digital clinic management system, and “ClouWiseDoctor (光譜智醫)”,
a smart AI doctors-aid system, in order to fully empower primary healthcare institutions and their doctors, facilitate
the penetration of quality healthcare resources and healthcare services into primary healthcare institutions, and assist
primary healthcare practitioners in providing services at higher level of standard, efficiency and specialisation to
patients.

In a longer term, we will prudently evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities in respect of industry chain-related
investments, make active deployment along the upstream and downstream of the pharmaceutical and healthcare
industry chain through acquisition of medical approvals and equity investment, drive the synergy of business
development, and ceaselessly increase our own competitiveness in order to support the sustainable development
and strategic upgrade of the Company.




12     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                                                   Financial Highlights


                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024                   2023         Change (%)
                                                                                    (in RMB thousands, except
                                                                                specified otherwise or percentages)
                                                                          (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


  Revenue                                                                   8,813,955                    7,968,747                          10.6
  – Self-operation Business                                                 8,344,771                    7,521,784                          10.9
  – Online Marketplace                                                        440,535                      416,624                            5.7
  – Other businesses                                                           28,649                       30,339                           (5.6)

  Gross profit                                                                 881,716                     817,177                           7.9
  Profit/(loss) for the period                                                  13,354                  (3,176,580)                         N/A
  Non-IFRS: Adjusted Net Profit(1)                                              91,411                      70,169                          30.3

  Total GMV(2) (RMB million)                                                     23,830                      22,041                          8.1
  – Self-operation Business                                                       9,596                       8,500                         12.9
  – Online Marketplace                                                           14,234                      13,541                          5.1

(1)    The adjusted net profit (the “Adjusted Net Profit”) represents profit or loss for the period adding back (i) changes in fair value of
       financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (ii) equity-settled share-based payment expenses, and (iii) listing expenses of
       the Company.

(2)    “GMV” means “gross merchandise value”.




                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024         YSB INC.      13
Management Discussion and Analysis


REVENUE

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB8,814.0 million, representing an
increase of 10.6% as compared with RMB7,968.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The increase in
revenue was mainly attributable to the continuous steady development of the Self-operation Business and the Online
Marketplace during the Reporting Period.

The Group’s revenue from the Self-operation Business increased by 10.9% from RMB7,521.8 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2023 to RMB8,344.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily attributable to enlarged
buyer base and the continuous optimization of buyers’ experience such as logistics and customer services. The
number of MPB of our Self-operation Business recorded a continuous and stable increase as compared with the same
period of last year.

The Group’s revenue from the Online Marketplace increased steadily from RMB416.6 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2023 to RMB440.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily attributable to the growth
of GMV on our Online Marketplace, which was driven by constant enrichment of product categories, increased seller
and buyer base, and the increased commission rate. The GMV on our Online Marketplace increased from RMB13,541
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB14,234 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The
number of sellers on our Online Marketplaces increased from 8,081 as at 31 December 2023 to 8,934 as at 30 June
2024. The number of MPB of our Online Marketplace recorded a continuous and stable increase as compared
with the same period of last year. During the Reporting Period, the commission rate applied to third-party sellers
increased from 3.2% to 3.3% as compared with the same period of last year.

The Group’s revenue from the other businesses decreased slightly from RMB30.3 million for the six months ended
30 June 2023 to RMB28.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly attributable to the adjustment of the
operation/service model of ClouDiagnos.

COST OF SALES

The Group’s cost of sales increased by 10.9% from RMB7,151.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to
RMB7,932.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to the increase in the sales of our Self-
operation Business.

The cost of sales of the Group’s Self-operation Business increased from RMB7,060.2 million for the six months ended
30 June 2023 to RMB7,850.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The increase of the cost of sales for the
six months ended 30 June 2024 was primarily due to the growth of purchase demand from buyers, as a result of which
we increased the procurement of pharmaceutical products accordingly.

The cost of sales of the Group’s Online Marketplace decreased by 8.3% from RMB76.0 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2023 to RMB69.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to a lower average overall
transaction processing fee rate.

The cost of sales of the Group’s other businesses decreased by 18.8% from RMB15.4 million for the six months ended
30 June 2023 to RMB12.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to the decrease in costs in
relation to ClouDiagnos.




14    YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s gross profit increased steadily by 7.9% from RMB817.2 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB881.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The Group’s gross profit
margin decreased from 10.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to 10.0% for the six months ended 30 June
2024.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Self-operation Business decreased slightly from 6.1% for the six months
ended 30 June 2023 to 5.9% for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which was largely stable while the business
maintained a good scale growth.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s Online Marketplace increased from 81.8% for the six months ended 30 June
2023 to 84.2% for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly attributable to (i) the increase in usage of the low-fee
transaction channels; and (ii) the increase in the commission rate.

The gross profit margin for the Group’s other businesses increased from 49.4% for the six months ended 30 June
2023 to 56.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to (i) the year-on-year growth of revenue of our
SaaS solution, which has a higher gross profit, and the corresponding increase of its proportion of revenue; and (ii)
the year-on-year increase of gross profit margin of ClouDiagnos after the adjustment to its business model.

SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

The Group’s selling and marketing expenses increased by 11.4% from RMB634.9 million for the six months ended
30 June 2023 to RMB707.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to (i) an increase in equity-
settled share-based payment expenses; and (ii) the slight increase in marketing and promotion expenses as we
continue to expand our business operations. Fulfillment expenses increased slightly by 3.3% from RMB150.7 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB155.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, among which
logistics expenses increased from RMB111.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB117.4 million for
the six months ended 30 June 2024. Although the Group’s selling and marketing expenses had increased during
the Reporting Period, due to a greater revenue growth, the selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of the
Group’s revenue remained stable.

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

The Group’s general and administrative expenses increased by 15.8% from RMB146.5 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2023 to RMB169.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to an increase in equity-
settled share-based payment expenses. Although the Group’s general and administrative expenses had increased
during the Reporting Period, such expenses remained stable as a percentage of the Group’s revenue.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

The Group’s research and development expenses increased by 14.5% from RMB39.9 million for the six months ended
30 June 2023 to RMB45.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily attributable to an increase in
equity-settled share-based payment expenses.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.   15
Management Discussion and Analysis


OTHER INCOME

The Group’s other income increased from RMB45.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB49.1
million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in bank interest
income and investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, but offset by the decrease in
government grants.

OTHER GAINS/LOSSES (NET)

The Group recorded net other gains of RMB1.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 as compared to net
other gains of RMB9.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. This change was primarily due to the gains
from changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

CHANGES IN FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
LOSS

The Group’s changes in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss were RMB3,171.9 million for
the six months ended 30 June 2023 and nil for the six months ended 30 June 2024. After the completion of the Global
Offering, all of such redeemable convertible preferred shares had been automatically converted to our shares, and
we will no longer recognize any further change in fair value in respect of them. The fair value of each of redeemable
convertible preferred share on the conversion date is the offer price in the Global Offering.

FINANCE COSTS

The Group’s finance costs increased slightly from RMB5.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB5.3
million for the corresponding period in 2024 due to an increase in interest expense on discounted note receivables
but offset by a decrease in interest expense of lease liabilities.

PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD

As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s profit for the period amounted to RMB13.4 million for the six months ended
30 June 2024, as compared with a loss of RMB3,176.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. We, for the first
time, have achieved profitability for the six months ended 30 June 2024.




16     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


NON-IFRS MEASURE

In evaluating our business, we consider and use (i) Adjusted Net Profit and (ii) Adjusted Net Profit margin as
supplemental measures to review and assess our operating performance. The presentation of these non-IFRS financial
measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the financial information prepared and
presented in accordance with IFRS. We define Adjusted Net Profit as profit or loss for the period adding back (i)
changes in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (ii) equity-settled share-based payment
expenses, and (iii) listing expenses. We define Adjusted Net Profit margin as adjusted net profit divided by revenue.
We present these non-IFRS financial measures because they are used by our management to evaluate our operating
performance and formulate business plans. Accordingly, we believe that the use of these non-IFRS financial measures
provide useful information to investors and the others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the
same manner as our management and Board. These non-IFRS financial measures are not defined under IFRS and
are not presented in accordance with IFRS. These non-IFRS financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool.
Further, these non-IFRS measures may differ from the non-IFRS information used by other companies, including
peer companies, and therefore its comparability may be limited. These non-IFRS financial measures should not be
considered in isolation or construed as alternatives to profit/loss or any other measure of performance. Investors
are encouraged to review our historical non-IFRS financial measures in light of the most directly comparable IFRS
measures, as shown below. The non-IFRS financial measures presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled
measure presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting
the usefulness of such measures when analysing our data comparatively. We encourage you to review our financial
information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure.

The Adjusted Net Profit, which is unaudited, represents profit/loss for the period adding back (i) changes in fair value
of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (ii) equity-settled share-based payment expenses, and (iii)
listing expenses of the Company. The Adjusted Net Profit of the Group increased significantly from RMB70.2 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB91.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a
year-on-year growth of 30.3%.

The following table reconciles our Adjusted Net Profit from the most directly comparable financial measure
calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS (profit/loss for the period).

                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                       (RMB’000)           (RMB’000)
                                                                                      (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Profit/(loss) for the period                                                               13,354             (3,176,580)
 Add back:
 Changes in fair value of financial liabilities
   at fair value through profit or loss                                                          –              3,171,903
 Equity-settled shared-based payment expenses                                               78,057                 27,978
 Listing expenses                                                                                –                 46,868
 Adjusted Net Profit, a non-IFRS measure                                                    91,411                 70,169
 Adjusted Net Profit margin, a non-IFRS measure                                              1.0%                   0.9%




                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024    YSB INC.    17
Management Discussion and Analysis


Adjusted Net Profit is not a measure of performance under IFRS. The use of the Adjusted Net Profit has material
limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact our loss for the relevant period.

LIQUIDITY AND SOURCE OF FUNDING AND BORROWING

The Group financed its operating and investing activities mainly through internally generated cash flows and
proceeds from the Global Offering. Our cash and cash equivalents are represented by cash and bank balances and
time deposits with original maturity of three months or less.

As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased significantly by 88.4% from RMB745.7 million
as at 31 December 2023 to RMB1,404.9 million. The increase of cash and cash equivalents for the period ended
30 June 2024 primarily resulted from (i) a higher turnover efficiency of working capital, (ii) withdrawal of restricted
bank deposits, and (iii) proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated:

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                    (RMB’000)           (RMB’000)
                                                                                   (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Net cash generated from operating activities                                          418,880                365,565
 Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                                299,301               (433,988)
 Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                (60,476)               217,486
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                             657,705                149,063
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                              745,693                835,394
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 1,469                  1,110
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                  1,404,867                985,567


The Group adopts a prudent financial management approach for its cash management policy to ensure that
the Group’s liquidity structure, comprising assets, liabilities and other commitments, is able to always meet its
capital requirements. Going forward, we believe our liquidity requirements will be satisfied by using funds from a
combination of cash generated from operating activities, external borrowings, net proceeds from the Global Offering
and other funds raised from the capital markets from time to time.

NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB418.9 million, mainly
attributable to our profit before tax of RMB12.7 million for the period, as adjusted by (i) non-cash and non-operating
items, which primarily comprised share-based payment expenses of RMB78.1 million, and (ii) changes in working
capital, which was mainly due to the decrease of RMB100.6 million in trade and other receivables and the decrease in
inventories of RMB204.1 million.




18     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


NET CASH GENERATED FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, net cash generated from investing activities was RMB299.3 million. It was
mainly due to the net decrease of RMB227.5 million in restricted bank deposits and RMB113.0 million in financial assets
at fair value through profit or loss during the Reporting Period.

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, net cash used in financing activities was RMB60.5 million, which was
mainly attributable to (i) repayment of lease liabilities, and (ii) net decrease of bank borrowings on discounted note
receivables during the Reporting Period.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a
value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as at 30 June 2024) during the six months ended 30 June 2024.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, consolidated affiliated entities or
associated companies during the six months ended 30 June 2024.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s interest-bearing deposits of RMB1,063.7 million were used as pledge for the issuance
of note payable.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 30 June 2024.

GEARING RATIO

The Group’s gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. As of 30 June
2024, as the Group had interest-bearing bank borrowings advance from discounted notes, its gearing ratio was 1.5% (as
of 31 December 2023: 3.1%).

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

As at the date of this interim report, there were no significant events that might affect our Group since the end of the
Reporting Period.




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.   19
Management Discussion and Analysis


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

As at 30 June 2024, the Group had 6,513 employees. The following table sets forth the total number of employees by
function as at 30 June 2024:

                                                                                                         Number of
 Function                                                                                                employees


 General and Administrative                                                                                       816
 Selling and Marketing                                                                                          2,937
 Operations                                                                                                     2,453
 Research and Development                                                                                         307

 Total                                                                                                         6,513

The Group believes in the importance of attraction, recruitment and retention of quality employees in achieving
the Group’s success. Employees’ remuneration is determined in accordance with prevailing industry practice and
employees’ educational backgrounds, experience and performance. The remuneration policy and package of the
Group’s employees are periodically reviewed.

The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises competitive salaries, performance-based sales
commissions, performance-based cash bonuses and certain other incentives. In accordance with applicable PRC
regulations, the Group has made contributions to housing fund and various employee social security plans that are
organised by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, maternity,
work-related injury and unemployment benefit plans, at specified percentages of the salaries of our employees.
Bonuses and sales commissions are generally discretionary and based in part on employee performance and in part
on the overall performance of our business. The Group provides regular and specialised training tailored to the needs
of our employees in different departments.

The Company also has adopted two share incentive plans, the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive
Plan to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General
Information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further details of the share incentive plans.

The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was RMB545.1 million, as
compared to RMB477.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. During the six months ended 30 June 2024,
the Group did not experience any significant labour disputes or any difficulty in recruiting employees.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the transactions
were settled in Renminbi, the Company’s primary consolidated affiliated entities’ functional currency. We are
exposed to foreign exchange risk arising mainly from bank balances and financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss denominated in foreign currency of certain entities of the Group. The Group currently does not have a foreign
currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor
its foreign currency exposure and foreign exchange risk management strategies closely and will consider hedging
significant foreign currency exposure should the need arises to minimise its foreign exchange risk.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2024.


20       YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
                             Corporate Governance and Other Information


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 27 August 2018 as an exempted company with limited
liability, and the Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date.

The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate
governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of Shareholders
and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG
Code except for the deviation as set out below.

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code recommends, but does not require, that the roles of chairperson and chief
executive to be separate and not to be performed by the same person. Our Company deviates from this provision
as Mr. Buzhen Zhang performs both the roles of chairman of our Board and the chief executive officer of our
Company. Mr. Zhang is the founder of the Company and a substantial shareholder, and has extensive experience in
the business operations and management of our Group. Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairman
and chief executive officer to Mr. Zhang has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and
enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning. This structure will enable our Company to make and
implement decisions promptly and effectively. Our Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not
be impaired due to this arrangement. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of our
Board, including the relevant board committees, and our three independent non-executive Directors. Our Board will
reassess the division of the roles of chairman and the chief executive officer from time-to-time, and may recommend
dividing the two roles between different people in the future, taking into account the circumstances of our Group as
a whole.

The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by Directors
and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the Model
Code during the Reporting Period.

AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company has established the Audit Committee, in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the CG
Code (as amended from time to time), comprising of three members, being Ms. Rong Shao, Mr. Sam Hanhui Sun and
Mr. Hongqiang Zhao, with Mr. Zhao (being the Company’s independent non-executive Director with the appropriate
professional qualifications) as chairman of the Audit Committee, among other things, to review and supervise the
financial reporting process and internal controls system of our Group, review and approve connected transactions
and provide advice and comments to the Board.




                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.   21
Corporate Governance and Other Information


The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024
and this interim report, and has met with the independent Auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The Audit Committee
has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and
internal control with senior management members of the Company. The condensed consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 has been reviewed by the Auditor in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

OTHER BOARD COMMITTEES

In addition to the Audit Committee, the Company has also established a nomination committee, a remuneration
committee and an environmental, social and corporate governance committee.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including any sale of
treasury shares), except that the trustee of the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, pursuant to the terms of the rules and trust
arrangement, purchased a total of 300,000 Shares on the Stock Exchange. As at 30 June 2024, the Company did not
hold any treasury shares.

MATERIAL LITIGATION

The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the six months ended 30 June 2024.
The Directors are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group
during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (for
the six months ended 30 June 2023: nil).




22     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                    Corporate Governance and Other Information


USE OF PROCEEDS

The Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2023. The net proceeds raised from the Global
Offering (as defined in the Prospectus) were approximately HK$242.2 million (including the additional proceeds
received upon the partial exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as defined in the Prospectus)).

As of 30 June 2024, HK$74.8 million out of the net proceeds had been utilised in the manner consistent with that
disclosed in the Prospectus under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”. Set out below is the status
of use of proceeds from the Global Offering as of 30 June 2024. There has been no change in the intended use of net
proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus and the Company expects to fully utilise the residual amount of
the net proceeds in accordance with such intended purpose by December 2025.

                                                                                                                                 Expected
                                                      Net proceeds        Unutilised      Utilisation      Unutilised      timeline of full
                                                          from the     amount as of       during the    amount as of         utilisation of
                                                            Global        1 January       Reporting          30 June        the unutilised
                                                           Offering           2024            Period            2024             proceeds
                                                       (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


 Pharmaceutical circulation business                          109.0             99.0            23.9             75.1    By December 2025
   • leveraging market insights accumulated                    48.4             46.6             8.3             38.3    By December 2025
      through our platform to engage more
      qualified upstream participants and diversify
      our SKU offerings, making our platform a
      more attractive go-to platform for our buyers
   • improving our BD capabilities and                          48.4            42.5            10.4             32.1    By December 2025
      efficiencies with our dedicated digital tools
   • strengthening our supply chain capability                 12.2              9.9             5.2              4.7    By December 2025
 Further developing our other businesses                       60.5             52.9             9.8             43.1    By December 2025
   • expanding the geographical coverage of our                36.3             31.7             9.0             22.7    By December 2025
      ClouDiagnos services
   • promoting market awareness and popularity                  24.2            21.2             0.8             20.4    By December 2025
      of our wePharmacy
 Research and development                                      53.3             49.6            15.2             34.4    By December 2025
 Working capital and general corporate                         19.4             16.7             1.9             14.8    By December 2025
   purposes


 Total                                                        242.2           218.2             50.8           167.4




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2024       YSB INC.     23
Corporate Governance and Other Information


CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION

Changes in information of Directors which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
are set out below:

(1)      Ms. Rong Shao ceased to be an independent director of I-Mab, a company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol:
         IMAB) in June 2024.

Saved as disclosed above, there is no other change in information of Directors required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the last published annual report.

DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures of the Company or Any of Its Associated Corporations

As at 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO, which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code were as follows:

Interest in the Company

                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                Number of           percentage of        Long position/
  Name of Director              Nature of interest                          ordinary shares              holding(1)      Short position


  Mr. Buzhen Zhang(2)           Interest in a controlled corporation             125,316,184                 19.55%      Long position
                                Interest in options                                4,800,000                  0.75%      Long position
  Mr. Fei Chen(3)               Interests in options                               7,300,000                  1.14%      Long position

Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 640,960,475 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.

(2)      Represents (i) 125,316,184 Shares held by MIYT Holdings Limited, a company controlled by MIYT Worldwide Limited, which in turn is
         wholly owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director; and (ii) 4,800,000 Shares underlying options granted under
         the 2019 Share Incentive Plan to Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Zhang. Under the SFO, Mr. Zhang is deemed to be interested in
         the entire interests of MIYT Holdings Limited and Ms. Xu in our Company.

(3)      Represents 7,300,000 Shares underlying options granted under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan to Mr. Chen pursuant to the exercise
         of options granted to Mr. Chen under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan.




24       YSB INC.     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                Corporate Governance and Other Information


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, so far as was known to any Director or the chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company had any interest or short position in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2024, the persons other than the Directors and chief executives, whose interests had been disclosed in
this interim report, had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                   Approximate
                                 Capacity/Nature                   Number of      percentage of         Long position/
 Name of Shareholder             of interest                   ordinary shares         holding(1)       Short position


 MIYT Holdings Limited(2)        Beneficial owner                  125,316,184              19.55%      Long position
 MIYT Worldwide Limited(2)       Interest in a controlled          125,316,184              19.55%      Long position
                                    corporation
 TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(2)            Interest in a controlled          125,316,184              19.55%      Long position
                                    corporation
 Buzhen Zhang(2)(3)              Interest in a controlled          125,316,184              19.55%      Long position
                                    corporation
                                 Interest of spouse                  4,800,000               0.75%      Long position
 Million Surplus                 Beneficial owner                   65,538,584              10.23%      Long position
  Developments Limited(4)
 Meta Group Limited(4)           Interest in a controlled           65,538,584              10.23%      Long position
                                    corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology        Interest in a controlled           65,538,584              10.23%      Long position
   Investment Limited(4)            corporation
 Sounda Hopson Technology        Interest in a controlled           65,538,584              10.23%      Long position
   Holdings Limited(4)              corporation
 Sounda Hopson Investment        Interest in controlled             65,538,584              10.23%      Long position
   Holdings Limited(4)              corporation
 Sounda Properties Limited(4)    Interest in controlled             65,538,584              10.23%      Long position
                                    corporation
                                 Beneficial owner                   16,400,000               2.56%      Long position
 Chu Mang Yee(4)                 Interest in controlled             81,938,584              12.78%      Long position
                                    corporation




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024     YSB INC.   25
Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                     Approximate
                                     Capacity/Nature                  Number of     percentage of     Long position/
 Name of Shareholder                 of interest                  ordinary shares        holding(1)   Short position


 Internet Fund V Pte. Ltd.(5)        Nominee for another person        80,000,000          12.48%     Long position
 Internet Fund Holding               Interest in a controlled          80,000,000          12.48%     Long position
    V. Ltd.(5)                          corporation
 Tiger Global Private                Beneficial owner                  80,000,000          12.48%     Long position
    Investment Partners
    XI, L.P.(5)
 Tiger Global Management,            Investment manager                80,000,000          12.48%     Long position
    LLC(5)
 Tiger Global PIP                    Interest in a controlled          80,000,000          12.48%     Long position
    Performance XI, L.P.(5)             corporation
 Charles P. Coleman III(5)           Interest in a controlled          80,000,000          12.48%     Long position
                                        corporation
 Scott Shleifer(5)                   Interest in a controlled          80,000,000          12.48%     Long position
                                        corporation
 H Capital V, L.P.(6)                Beneficial owner                  55,911,844            8.72%    Long position
 H Capital V GP, L.P.(6)             Interest in a controlled          55,911,844            8.72%    Long position
                                        corporation
 H Capital V GP, Ltd.(6)             Interest in a controlled          55,911,844            8.72%    Long position
                                        corporation
 Xiaohong Chen(6)                    Interest in a controlled          55,911,844            8.72%    Long position
                                        corporation
 DCM Investments (DE 5),             Beneficial owner                  53,323,236            8.32%    Long position
  LLC(7)
 DCM IX, L.P.(7)                     Interest in a controlled          53,323,236            8.32%    Long position
                                        corporation
 DCM Investment                      Interest in a controlled          53,323,236            8.32%    Long position
  Management IX, L.P.(7)                corporation
 DCM IX International Ltd(7)         Interest in a controlled          53,323,236            8.32%    Long position
                                        corporation




26     YSB INC.      INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                    Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                                      Approximate
                                        Capacity/Nature                         Number of            percentage of        Long position/
  Name of Shareholder                   of interest                         ordinary shares               holding(1)      Short position


  Shanghai Fosun                        Beneficial owner                            48,721,760                 7.60%      Long position
    Pharmaceutical Industrial
    Development Co., Ltd.(8)
  Shanghai Fosun                        Interest in a controlled                    48,721,760                 7.60%      Long position
    Pharmaceutical (Group)                 corporation
    Co., Ltd.(8)
  Fosun International Limited(8)        Interest in a controlled                    48,721,760                 7.60%      Long position
                                           corporation
  Shanghai Fosun High                   Interest in a controlled                    48,721,760                 7.60%      Long position
    Technology (Group) Co.,                corporation
    Ltd.(8)
  Fosun Holdings Limited(8)             Interest in a controlled                    48,721,760                 7.60%      Long position
                                           corporation
  Fosun International                   Interest in a controlled                    48,721,760                 7.60%      Long position
    Holdings Ltd.(8)                       corporation
  Guo Guangchang(8)                     Interest in a controlled                    48,721,760                 7.60%      Long position
                                           corporation
  Shenzhen Songhe                       Interest in a controlled                    35,474,904                 5.53%      Long position
    International Capital                  corporation
    Management Partnership
    (Limited Partnership)(9)
  Luo Fei(9)                            Interest in a controlled                    40,103,656                 6.26%      Long position
                                           corporation


Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 640,960,475 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.

(2)      MIYT Holdings Limited is wholly owned by MIYT Worldwide Limited which in turn is the holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF
         (Cayman) Ltd., the trustee of a trust for the benefit of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of
         Mr. Buzhen Zhang, TMF (Cayman) Ltd. and MIYT Worldwide Limited is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by MIYT
         Holdings Limited.

(3)      Ms. Xiaoye Xu, the spouse of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, is interested in the underlying options granted under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan
         of the Company. By virtue of Part XV of the SFO, Mr. Buzhen Zhang is deemed to be interested in the entire interest of Ms. Xiaoye
         Xu in our Company.




                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024     YSB INC.    27
Corporate Governance and Other Information


(4)    Million Surplus Developments Limited is wholly owned by Meta Group Limited which is in turn controlled by Sounda Hopson
       Technology Holdings Limited and by Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited. Both Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings
       Limited and Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited are wholly owned by Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings Limited
       which in turn is wholly owned by Sounda Properties Limited. Sounda Properties Limited is controlled by Mr. Chu Mang Yee.
       Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Chu Mang Yee, Sounda Properties Limited, Sounda Hopson Investment Holdings
       Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Holdings Limited, Sounda Hopson Technology Investment Limited and Meta Group Limited is
       deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Million Surplus Developments Limited and Mr. Chu Mang Yee is deemed to be
       interested in all of the Shares held by Sounda Properties Limited.

(5)    Internet Fund V Pte. Ltd. is wholly owned by Internet Fund Holding V. Ltd., which is in turn controlled by Tiger Global Private
       Investment Partners XI, L.P., which general partner is Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and is wholly owned by Tiger Global
       Management, LLC. Both Tiger Global PIP Performance XI, L.P. and Tiger Global Management, LLC are controlled by Mr. Charles
       P. Coleman III and Mr. Scott Shleifer. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Charles P. Coleman III, Mr. Scott Shleifer, Tiger
       Global PIP Performance XI, L.P., Tiger Global Management, LLC, Tiger Global Private Investment Partners XI, L.P. and Internet Fund
       Holding V. Ltd. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Internet Fund V Pte Ltd.

(6)    H Capital V GP, L.P. is the general partner of H Capital V, L.P. H Capital V GP, Ltd. is the general partner of H Capital V GP, L.P. and is
       controlled by Ms Xiaohong Chen. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Ms Xiaohong Chen, H Capital V GP, Ltd. and H Capital
       V GP, L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by H Capital V, L.P.

(7)    DCM Investments (DE 5), LLC is controlled by DCM IX L.P., which is in turn wholly owned by DCM Investment Management IX, L.P.,
       which is in turn wholly owned by DCM IX International Ltd. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of DCM IX International Limited,
       DCM Investment Management IX, L.P. and DCM IX L.P. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by DCM Investments (DE
       5), LLC.

(8)    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd. is wholly owned by Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
       Ltd., which is owned as to 0.22% by Fosun International Limited and 35.84% by Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.,
       which is in turn wholly owned by Fosun International Limited. Fosun International Limited is owned as to 73.30% by Fosun Holdings
       Limited and 0.01% by Mr. Guo Guangchang. Fosun Holdings Limited is in turn wholly owned by Fosun International Holdings Ltd.
       and which Mr. Guo Guangchang is holding as to 85.29%. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, each of Mr. Guo Guangchang, Fosun
       International Holdings Ltd., Fosun Holdings Limited, Fosun International Limited, Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co.,
       Ltd., and Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in all of the Shares held by Shanghai Fosun
       Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd.

(9)    Shenzhen Songhe International Capital Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市松禾國際資本管理合夥企業（有限合
       夥）) wholly owns Shenzhen Songhe Growth No. 1 Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), which in turn wholly owns
       Genius II Found Limited. Genius II Found Limited is beneficially holding 30,757,980 Shares. Shenzhen Songhe International Capital
       Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市松禾國際資本管理合夥企業（有限合夥）) also wholly owns Shanghai Jixu
       Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海績旭信息科技合夥企業（有限合夥）), which is in turn beneficially
       holding 4,716,924 Shares. Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, Shenzhen Songhe International Capital Management Partnership
       (Limited Partnership) (深圳市松禾國際資本管理合夥企業（有限合夥）) is deemed to be interested in 30,757,980 Shares held by Genius
       II Found Limited and 4,716,924 Shares held by Shanghai Jixu Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海績旭信
       息科技合夥企業（有限合夥）). Mr. Luo Fei owns 50% in Genius V Found Limited, which is in turn beneficially holding 4,628,752 Shares.
       Mr Luo Fei is also the general partner of Shenzhen Songhe International Capital Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深
       圳市松禾國際資本管理合夥企業（有限合夥）). Accordingly, under Part XV of SFO, Mr Luo Fei is deemed to be interested in 4,628,752
       Shares held by Genius V Found Limited, 30,757,980 Shares beneficially held by Genius II Found Limited, and 4,716,924 Shares
       beneficially held by Shanghai Jixu Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海績旭信息科技合夥企業（有限合夥）).


Save as disclosed above, as at the date 30 June 2024 based on publicly available information, no other person (other
than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying
Shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or which were required to be entered in the register required to
be kept under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.




28     YSB INC.      INTERIM REPORT 2024
                               Corporate Governance and Other Information


SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

Details of Share Incentive Plans of our Company

The Company had two share incentive plans in effect during the Reporting Period: (a) the 2019 Share Incentive Plan,
which was adopted before our Listing and does not constitute a share scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules and under which we may not grant any new incentive units (or awards) after Listing; and (b) and the 2023 Share
Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Plans”), which was adopted immediately prior to our Listing and constitutes a share
scheme governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The following table summarises certain material terms of the Plans. For further information about the 2019 Share
Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-15 to IV-16 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus. For further information about the
2023 Share Incentive Plan, please see pages IV-19 to IV-28 of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

10,377,500 new Shares, representing approximately 1.62% of the weighted average of issued share capital (excluding
treasury shares) of the Company, may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted during the Reporting
Period to eligible participants pursuant to the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the 2023 Share Incentive Plan.

Further details and relevant breakdowns of each of the Plans are set out below:

                                       2019 Share Incentive Plan              2023 Share Incentive Plan


Scheme mandate limit                   47,772,984 Shares                      63,235,005 new Shares; and subject to an
                                                                                annual limit of 2% of the total issued shares
                                                                                immediately upon Listing, for awards over
                                                                                existing Shares (which is automatically
                                                                                refreshed on 1 January of each year up to
                                                                                2% of the total issued share number on 31
                                                                                December of the previous year, and which
                                                                                may be adjusted by the Board from time to
                                                                                time).

Service provider sublimit              N/A                                    1,264,700 new Shares

Number of options and awards           No further grant of awards would       As at 1 January 2024, 59,516,005 Award Shares
  (to be satisfied by new Shares)       be made under the 2019 Share            (to be satisfied by new Shares) were available
  available for grant under the         Incentive Plan after Listing. As        for grant under the 2023 Share Incentive
  scheme mandate and the service        at 1 January 2024 and 30 June           Plan.
  provider sublimit (if applicable)     2024, the aggregate number
  at the beginning and the end of       of underlying Shares pursuant         During the Reporting Period, 10,552,500 Award
  the Reporting Period                  to the outstanding options              Shares (to be satisfied by new Shares) had
                                        granted under the 2019 Share            been granted and 383,300 Award Shares had
                                        Incentive Plan were 34,831,608          lapsed pursuant to the 2023 Share Incentive
                                        and 33,545,844 Shares,                  Plan.
                                        respectively.
                                                                              As at 30 June 2024, the total number of Award
                                                                                Shares (to be satisfied by new Shares)
                                                                                available for grant under the 2023 Share
                                                                                Incentive Plan was 49,346,805 Shares.

Number of Shares available for issue   33,545,844 Shares, representing        62,247,805 Shares, representing 9.70% of the
  (i.e., new Shares) pursuant to         5.23% of the Company’s total           Company’s total issued share number as at
  awards granted and ungranted           issued share number as at the          the date of the interim report.
  under the plan                         date of the interim report, all of
                                         which represent awards already
                                         granted prior to Listing.
                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024     YSB INC.   29
Corporate Governance and Other Information


Details of grants made under the Plans

The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding share options under the 2019 Share Incentive
Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards were made under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan that
ought to be disclosed in this interim report:

2019 Share Incentive Plan

                                                                                                                                                      Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Number                         Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             of Shares                       of options       Weighted
                                                                                                                             Number                        Number            Number           Number         Number     underlying the                      on date of          average
                                                                                                                           of options    Number of       of options        of options       of options    of options      outstanding    Closing price   grant and the     closing price
                                                                      Vesting period                                     outstanding        options       exercised         cancelled           lapsed   outstanding           options   of our Shares      accounting    of our Shares
                                                                      (from date of grant)                           as at beginning granted during      during the        during the       during the   as at end of     as at end of    immediately         standard     immediately
  Name or category       Position/                                    and/or performance              Exercise price of Reporting the Reporting          Reporting         Reporting        Reporting      Reporting        Reporting       before the       and policy      before the
  of grantee(1)          Relationship          Date of grant          target (2)                       per Shares(3)           Period        Period          Period            Period           Period         Period           Period   date of grant       adopted(4)   exercise date


  Directors, Chief Executive, Substantial Shareholders and Associates
  Fei Chen                Director, Chief       5 May 2022            Two-third of the outstanding          US$0.40       3,650,000               –               –                –                 –      3,650,000        7,300,000            N/A              N/A             N/A
                             Financial Officer,                          options will be vested within
                             Joint Company                               4 years, and one-third of the
                             Secretary                                   outstanding options will be
                                                                         vested upon the completion
                                                                         of the core projects
  Xiaoye Xu(4)            Chief Operation       1 October 2019 to 4 years                              US$0.525-1.00      2,400,000               –               –                –                 –      2,400,000        4,800,000            N/A              N/A             N/A
                             Officer of Online     1 November 2021
                             Marketplace
  Other Senior Management
  Haodong Xiao            Vice President        1 December 2018 to 4 years                             US$0.525-1.00      1,013,759               –               –                –                 –      1,013,759        2,027,518            N/A              N/A             N/A
                                                   1 January 2023
  Zhuoqi Chen             Chief Technology 1 July 2017 to             4 years                           US$0.15-1.00         65,324               –               –                –                 –        65,324           130,648            N/A              N/A             N/A
                             Officer               10 June 2023
  Other Grantees
  Employee participants                         1 July 2017 to        4 years                           US$0.14-1.00     10,236,451               –         237,487                –           405,125      9,593,839       19,187,678            N/A              N/A         HK$9.67
     in aggregate                                  10 June 2023
  Service provider                              1 January 2023        4 years                                    Nil         50,000               –               –                –                 –        50,000           100,000            N/A              N/A             N/A
     participants
     (consultants) in
     aggregate


  Total                                                                                                                 17,415,534                –        237,487                 –          405,125    16,772,922        33,545,844


Notes:

(1)             With respect to each award granted, upon each vesting date, the portion of the award that vests shall depend on the grantee
                meeting the vesting requirements, which are typically performance targets for a specified threshold in their performance evaluations
                during the one-year period prior to the vesting date, or upon successful completion of specified projects.

(2)             The exercise period of these options commences from the vesting date of the relevant options and end on the tenth anniversary of
                the grant date thereof, subject to the terms of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan and the share option agreement signed by the grantee.

(3)             No consideration was payable by grantees for these share options.

(4)             Ms. Xu is the spouse (and therefore a close associate) of Mr. Buzhen Zhang, the Director. She is a former director of our Company.


Further details of the 2019 Share Incentive Plan are also set out in Note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024.




30              YSB INC.                      INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                              Corporate Governance and Other Information


2023 Share Incentive Plan

The following table sets out details of grantees holding outstanding Award Shares over new Shares under the 2023
Share Incentive Plan during the Reporting Period; no grants of other awards over new Shares were made under the
2023 Share Incentive Plan that ought to be disclosed in this interim report.

                                                                                                                             Details of movements during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Fair value of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Award
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Shares on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    date of    Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 grant and       average
                                                                                                                                                                                              Closing price             the closing price
                                                                                             Outstanding as      Granted            Vested        Cancelled         Lapsed      Outstanding of our Shares      accounting of our Shares
                                                                                               at beginning    during the        during the      during the      during the         as at end immediately         standard immediately
  Name or category Position/                              Vesting period         Performance of Reporting      Reporting         Reporting       Reporting       Reporting      of Reporting    before the      and policy    before the
  of grantee       Relationship         Date of grant     (from date of grant)   target              Period        Period            Period          Period          Period            Period date of grant     adopted(5) vesting date


  992 grantees       Employee           4 September 2023 2–4 years(1)            See Note 4        3,719,000            –                 –               –          208,300       3,510,700           N/A           N/A             N/A
                       participants
  619 grantees       Employee           6 February 2024 1–4 years(2)             See Note 4              Nil    10,432,500                –               –          175,000      10,257,500       HK$6.00        HK$6.00            N/A
                       participants
  1 grantee          Service provider   6 February 2024 2 years(3)               See Note 4              Nil      120,000                 –               –               –          120,000       HK$6.00        HK$6.00            N/A
                       participant


  Total                                                                                           3,719,000    10,552,500                 –               –         383,300      13,888,200


Notes:

(1)              627,900 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; and 3,190,100 Award Shares
                 shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was payable on the grant of
                 these Award Shares.

(2)              1,462,500 Award Shares shall vest one year from the date of grant; 3,275,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on
                 annual basis in arrears from the date of grant; 5,655,000 Award Shares shall vest over three years equally on annual basis in arrears
                 from the date of grant; and 40,000 Award Shares shall vest over four years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant.
                 No consideration was payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(3)              The 120,000 Award Shares shall vest over two years equally on annual basis in arrears from the date of grant. No consideration was
                 payable on the grant of these Award Shares.

(4)              Each vesting of the award shares granted to the award grantees will be subject to the individual annual performance targets
                 as stipulated in the respective grant letters entered into by each award grantee and the Company. These performance targets
                 are set against certain benchmark in which the individual grantee achieves, including but not limited to annual sales target, and
                 various project milestone achievements, etc. The vesting percentage of the Award Shares will be adjusted based on his/her annual
                 performance evaluation at each vesting.


(5)              The fair value of Award Shares was determined based on the market price of the Company’s Shares at the grant date. For the
                 relevant accounting standard and policy adopted, please see Note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the
                 six months ended 30 June 2024.


Details regarding grants to be satisfied by existing shares will be disclosed in the annual report ending 31 December
2024 according to the Listing Rules’ requirements. Further details of the 2023 Share Incentive Plan are also set out in
Note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024                       YSB INC.              31
Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF YSB INC.
(incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 33 to 57 which comprise the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position as of 30 June 2024 and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation
of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a
conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” (“HKSRE 2410”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of
making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong
Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware
of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
26 August 2024




32     YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024               2023
                                                               NOTES         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)        (unaudited)


Revenue                                                          4          8,813,955              7,968,747
Cost of sales                                                              (7,932,239)            (7,151,570)


Gross profit                                                                  881,716                817,177

Other income                                                     5             49,092                  45,382
Other gains and losses                                           6              9,634                   1,597
Changes in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value
   through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                             15                    –           (3,171,903)
Impairment losses reversed under expected credit loss
   model, net                                                                     436                   2,412
Selling and marketing expenses                                               (707,545)              (634,945)
Research and development expenses                                             (45,678)                (39,938)
General and administrative expenses                                          (169,665)              (146,513)
Finance costs                                                    7             (5,272)                 (4,953)
Listing expenses                                                                    –                (46,868)


Profit (loss) before tax                                                       12,718             (3,178,552)
Income tax credit                                                8                636                  1,972


Profit (loss) for the period                                     9             13,354             (3,176,580)


Other comprehensive expense for the period                                            –                     –


Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income (expense)
  for the period                                                               13,354             (3,176,580)


Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income (expense) for
  the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                          21,820             (3,168,595)
Non-controlling interests                                                      (8,466)                (7,985)


                                                                               13,354             (3,176,580)


Earnings (loss) per share
  Basic and diluted (RMB)                                       11                0.03                 (23.70)




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.    33
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2024




                                                       As at           As at
                                                    30 June    31 December
                                                       2024            2023
                                         NOTES     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                 (unaudited)       (audited)


 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment, net                  64,322          69,586
 Right-of-use assets                                175,113         140,130
 Intangible assets                                   81,432          85,311
 Goodwill                                             9,252           9,252
 Deferred tax assets                                  5,634           4,524
 Time deposits                                      234,000          40,000


                                                    569,753         348,803


 Current assets
 Inventories                                      1,261,858       1,470,293
 Trade and other receivables              12        344,247         457,715
 Financial assets at FVTPL                13        763,568         865,493
 Time deposits                                       86,857         289,673
 Restricted bank deposits                           878,467       1,105,992
 Bank balances and cash                           1,404,867         673,874


                                                  4,739,864       4,863,040


 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                 14     (3,107,008)      (3,105,738)
 Contract liabilities                               (10,270)          (10,308)
 Lease liabilities                                  (68,015)          (62,550)
 Bank borrowings                                    (29,277)          (57,508)


                                                 (3,214,570)      (3,236,104)


 Net current assets                               1,525,294       1,626,936


 Total assets less current liabilities            2,095,047       1,975,739




34    YSB INC.    INTERIM REPORT 2024
        Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                        As at 30 June 2024




                                                            As at                   As at
                                                         30 June            31 December
                                                            2024                    2023
                                               NOTE     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                      (unaudited)               (audited)


Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                        (116,821)                 (89,603)
Deferred tax liabilities                                   (3,072)                  (2,598)


                                                         (119,893)                 (92,201)


Net assets                                             1,975,154                1,883,538


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                   16            11                       11
Reserves                                               2,019,833                1,919,751


Equity attributable to owners of the Company           2,019,844                1,919,762
Non-controlling interests                                (44,690)                 (36,224)


Total equity                                           1,975,154                1,883,538




                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024    YSB INC.    35
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                             Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                             Share-     Shares
                                                                                             based    held for                                         Non-
                                                      Share        Share         Capital   payment award share Accumulated                        controlling
                                                     Capital    premium        reserves    reserves    scheme        losses             Sub-total interests         Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000               RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                  (Note)


    At 1 January 2023 (audited)                           2             –        39,890       59,174             –        (4,449,847)   (4,350,781)   (18,929)   (4,369,710)


    Loss and total comprehensive expense
       for the period                                     –             –             –            –             –        (3,168,595)   (3,168,595)    (7,985)   (3,176,580)
    Issue of new shares upon the initial
       public offerings (the “IPO”)
       (as detailed in Note 16)                            *     291,056              –            –             –                 –      291,056           –      291,056
    Transaction costs attributable to issue
       of new shares                                      –       (35,816)            –            –             –                 –       (35,816)         –       (35,816)
    Automatic conversion of preferred shares
       upon the IPO (as detailed in Note 15)              9     9,043,936             –            –             –                 –    9,043,945           –    9,043,945
    Recognition of equity-settled share-based
       payments (Note 17)                                 –             –             –       27,978             –                 –       27,978           –       27,978
    Transfer forfeited equity-settled share-based
       payments to accumulated losses (Note 17)           –             –             –       (1,030)            –            1,030              –          –             –


    At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                          11     9,299,176        39,890       86,122             –        (7,617,412)   1,807,787     (26,914)   1,780,873


    At 1 January 2024 (audited)                          11    9,370,430        39,890      150,494         (4,829)      (7,636,234) 1,919,762        (36,224) 1,883,538


    Profit (loss) and total comprehensive
      income (expense) for the period                     –             –             –            –             –          21,820        21,820       (8,466)     13,354
    Recognition of equity-settled share-based
      payments (Note 17)                                  –             –             –      78,057              –                 –      78,057            –      78,057
    Transfer forfeited equity-settled share-based
      payments to accumulated losses (Note 17)            –             –             –      (7,109)             –            7,109              –          –             –
    Purchase of shares for the award share
      scheme (Note 16)                                    –            –              –           –         (2,210)                –       (2,210)          –       (2,210)
    Exercise of share options (Note 17)                   –        3,963              –      (1,548)             –                 –        2,415           –        2,415


    At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                          11    9,374,393        39,890      219,894         (7,039)      (7,607,305) 2,019,844        (44,690) 1,975,154

*     Amount is less than RMB1,000.


Note:       Capital reserves mainly represented deemed contribution from a shareholder arising from the waive of the amount of approximately
            RMB30,925,000 due from YSB Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”).




36          YSB INC.          INTERIM REPORT 2024
                   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)        (unaudited)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                418,880                365,565


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   (15,960)                  (7,630)
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                           254                    2,516
Purchase of intangible assets                                                  (146)                    (344)
Placement of time deposits                                                 (579,854)                (40,000)
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                 516,851                228,047
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                    (5,125,781)            (4,352,771)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                       5,238,785              4,175,003
Investment income received from financial assets at FVTPL                    11,294                    8,589
Bank interest income received                                                27,886                  22,455
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                              (1,553)                       –
Placement of restricted bank deposits                                    (1,208,597)              (846,205)
Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                                    1,436,122                376,350
Repayment from a shareholder                                                      –                        2


Net cash generated from (used in) investing activities                      299,301               (433,988)


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayments of lease liabilities                                             (40,755)                (39,021)
New bank borrowings raised                                                   31,282                        –
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                (59,513)                       –
Interest paid                                                                (5,272)                  (4,953)
Share issue cost paid                                                             –                 (29,596)
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                     –                291,056
Purchase of shares for the award share scheme                                (2,210)                       –
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                      15,992                        –


Net cash (used in) generated from financing activities                      (60,476)               217,486


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                   657,705                149,063

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                    745,693                835,394

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        1,469                     1,110


                                                                          1,404,867                985,567


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period, represented by
Bank balances and cash                                                    1,404,867                915,567
Time deposits with original maturity of three months or less                      –                 70,000


                                                                          1,404,867                985,567


                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.      37
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



1.    GENERAL

      The Company was incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
      27 August 2018 under the Company laws of the Cayman Islands. Its immediate holding company is MIYT
      Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”). The shares of the Company
      had been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
      28 June 2023 (the “Listing”).

      The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are set out in the
      corporate information section of the interim report of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

      The Company is an investment holding company. The Group mainly operates online platform that provide
      wholesale and retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and online marketplace service to the
      pharmaceutical and healthcare manufacturers. The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are
      in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

      The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the
      functional currency of the Company.

2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION

      The condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with
      International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International
      Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules
      Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.

3.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
      certain financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

      Other than change in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to International Financial
      Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed
      consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those presented in
      the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.




38    YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024



3.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Application of amendments to IFRSs

      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB,
      for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024
      for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

      Amendments to IFRS 16                                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
      Amendments to IAS 1                                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
      Amendments to IAS 1                                     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
      Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                          Supplier Finance Arrangements

      The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current interim period has had no material impact on the
      Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set
      out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.

4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

      The Group engaged in i) wholesales of pharmaceutical and healthcare products offline or online through its
      online platform; ii) retail of pharmaceutical and healthcare products through its retail shops; iii) operating
      online platform that enable the pharmaceutical distributors and vendors to sell their own pharmaceutical and
      healthcare products using the Group’s online platform; iv) providing SaaS solution to downstream pharmacies
      to streamline their inventory management; v) providing medical testing services to primary healthcare
      institutions; vi) selling smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to third-party pharmacies; and vii) providing
      maintenance and technical support services in relation to the smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to third-
      party pharmacies.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.    39
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

      (a)        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                      (unaudited)        (unaudited)


                       Type of goods or services:
                         Self-operation business (Note i)                                               8,344,771                  7,521,784
                         Online marketplace services (Note ii)                                            440,535                    416,624
                         Others (Note iii)                                                                 28,649                     30,339


                       Total                                                                            8,813,955                  7,968,747


                       Timing of revenue recognition:
                         At a point in time                                                             8,806,461                  7,963,804
                         Over-time                                                                          7,494                      4,943


                       Total                                                                            8,813,955                  7,968,747

                 Notes:

                 i)            The Group sells pharmaceutical and healthcare products mainly to pharmacies and primary healthcare institutions.

                 ii)           The marketplace services revenue mainly represents the commission received by the Group from distributors and
                               vendors using the Group’s online platform, which is recognised upon end customers’ acceptance and is charged
                               based on a certain percentage of sales, net of discounts and return allowances made by the distributors and
                               vendors through the Group’s online platform.

                 iii)          Others includes

                               1)      The Group collects one-time usage fee and service fee for the inventory management related to the SaaS
                                       solution provided to the downstream pharmacies, which helps pharmacies to streamline their inventory
                                       management.

                               2)      The Group provides diagnostic testing services and generates testing results to primary healthcare
                                       institutions.

                               3)      The Group sells smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to third-party pharmacies and also provides
                                       maintenance and technical support services in relation to the smart unmanned pharmaceutical booth to
                                       them.




40    YSB INC.           INTERIM REPORT 2024
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024



4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

      (b)     Segment information

              For the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment, the executive directors of the
              Company, being the chief operating decision maker, review the overall results and financial position of
              the Group as a whole.

              Accordingly, only entity-wide disclosures and geographical information are presented.

      (c)     Geographic information

              The Group principally operates in the PRC, which is also the place of domicile. The Group’s revenue is
              all derived from operations in the PRC and the Group’s non-current assets are all located in the PRC.

5.    OTHER INCOME

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)        (unaudited)


       Government grants (Note)                                                                    9,067                     13,227
       Bank interest income                                                                       27,886                     22,455
       Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL                                           11,294                      8,589
       Others                                                                                        845                      1,111


                                                                                                  49,092                     45,382

      Note:   It represented cash received from grants by the local government to encourage the business operations in the PRC with no
              future obligations. Government grants are recognised in profit and loss when received.


6.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)        (unaudited)


       (Losses) gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                (2,058)                          512
       Donations                                                                                    (856)                           (25)
       Gains from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                              11,079                              –
       Net foreign exchange gains                                                                  1,469                         1,110


                                                                                                    9,634                        1,597




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024      YSB INC.       41
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



7.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Interest expense on lease liabilities                                       4,287                4,537
        Interest expense on discounted note receivables                               985                  416


                                                                                    5,272                4,953


8.    INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”):
          Current tax                                                                   –                    –
          Deferred tax                                                                636                1,972


                                                                                      636                1,972


      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under
      the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and is exempted from the Cayman Islands income tax.

      No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the condensed consolidated financial statements as
      the Group had no assessable profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax for both periods.

      Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the PRC EIT
      rate of subsidiaries of the Group operating in the PRC was 25% for both periods.




42    YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2024



9.     PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD

                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                              (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Profit (loss) for the period has been arrived at after charging:

        Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                            7,845,731              7,058,555
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              19,183                 21,301
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                        38,455                 38,807
        Amortisation of intangible assets                                           6,787                  6,998
        Write down for obsolete inventories                                         4,320                  1,656
        Auditor’s remuneration                                                        880                    750
        Listing expenses                                                                –                 46,868

        Staff costs:
        Directors’ emoluments                                                       5,894                 13,055
        Other staff costs                                                         539,255                464,524


        Total staff costs                                                         545,149                477,579


10.    DIVIDENDS

       No dividends were paid, declared or proposed during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023. The
       directors of the Company have determined that no dividend will be paid in respect of the interim period.

11.    EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE

                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                              (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Profit (loss) for the period attributable to the owners of
          the Company for the purpose of calculating basic and
          diluted earnings (loss) per share                                        21,820             (3,168,595)




                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.   43
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



11.   EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE (CONTINUED)

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                No. of shares      No. of shares
                                                                                 (unaudited)        (unaudited)


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
          calculating basic earnings (loss) per share                            640,367,822            133,720,060
        Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
          Share options and award shares                                            7,937,028                      –


        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
         calculating diluted earnings (loss) per share                           648,304,850            133,720,060


      The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating basic and diluted earning (loss)
      per share has been determined on the assumption that the Share Subdivision (as defined and detailed in Note
      16) had been effected since 1 January 2023.

      The computation of diluted loss per share for the six months ended 30 June 2023 does not assume the
      exercise of share options or the conversion of preferred shares since their assumed exercise or conversion
      would result in a decrease in loss per share. There were no preferred shares for the six months ended 30 June
      2024.

      The computation of diluted loss per share for the six months ended 30 June 2023 does not assume the
      exercise of the over-allotment option since their assumed exercise would result in a decrease in loss per share.
      There was no over-allotment option for the six months ended 30 June 2024.




44    YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2024



12.    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                  As at                    As at
                                                                                               30 June             31 December
                                                                                                  2024                     2023
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)                (audited)


        Trade receivables                                                                        15,343                    32,821
        Less: allowance for credit losses                                                          (582)                   (1,059)


                                                                                                 14,761                    31,762
        Note receivables                                                                          8,660                     7,306


        Total trade and note receivables                                                         23,421                    39,068

        Advance to suppliers                                                                    107,445                  135,544
        Other tax recoverable                                                                     3,577                    5,688
        Prepaid expense                                                                          19,014                   10,798
        Receivables in custodian (Note)                                                          95,482                  176,196
        Other receivables                                                                        95,236                   76,772
        Receivables from exercise of share options                                                   72                   13,649


        Total trade and other receivables                                                       344,247                  457,715

       Note:   The amounts represented the payments received from online customers of Self-operation business which would deposit in
               escrow account and subsequently withdrawal by the Group upon the customers’ acceptance of product delivery.




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024     YSB INC.    45
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



12.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      Trade receivables

      The Group requires full payment in advance for its online product sales, certain offline product sales and retail
      sales. For other customers, the Group primarily allows a credit period from 15 to 30 days. Trade receivables
      are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. Aging analysis of trade receivables, net of
      allowance for credit losses, based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                                       2024                     2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                 (unaudited)                (audited)


        Within 3 months                                                                               11,587                    28,005
        3–6 months                                                                                       499                       778
        6–12 months                                                                                      216                       195
        Over 12 months                                                                                 3,041                     3,843


                                                                                                      15,343                    32,821
        Less: allowance for credit losses                                                               (582)                    (1,059)


                                                                                                      14,761                    31,762


13.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

                                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                                       2024                     2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                 (unaudited)                (audited)


        Unlisted equity investment                                                                     9,737                         –
        Wealth management products (Note)                                                            376,425                   598,042
        Notes and investment funds (Note)                                                            377,406                   267,451


                                                                                                     763,568                   865,493

      Note:      The return of wealth management products and notes and investment funds were determined by reference to the return of
                 their underlying investments. The wealth management products and the notes can be redeemed any time at the Group’s
                 discretion and the investment funds can be redeemed any time at the Group’s discretion or upon a fixed period of one year
                 at the Group’s request by giving a 60 business days notice.


      Since the contractual cash flows of these financial assets do not represent solely the payments of principal and
      interest on the principal amount outstanding, the financial assets are measured at FVTPL. Details of the fair
      value measurement over the financial assets are disclosed in Note 19.


46    YSB INC.        INTERIM REPORT 2024
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2024



14.    TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                     30 June            31 December
                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                  (unaudited)               (audited)


        Trade payables                                                              1,483,117               1,474,431
        Note payables                                                               1,200,415               1,181,242
        Salary and welfare payables                                                   113,329                 154,899
        Other tax payables                                                             13,876                  17,215
        Other payables                                                                295,395                 277,286
        Deposits received                                                                 876                     665


                                                                                    3,107,008               3,105,738


       Trade payables

       The credit period of trade payables is ranging from 30 to 90 days. An aging analysis of the trade payables
       based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                     30 June            31 December
                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                  (unaudited)               (audited)


        0–30 days                                                                     951,987                 910,330
        30–90 days                                                                    424,763                 461,413
        Over 90 days                                                                  106,367                 102,688


                                                                                    1,483,117               1,474,431


       Note payables

       All note payables issued by the Group are with a maturity period of less than six months.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024    YSB INC.   47
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



15.   FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL

      The Group issued a series of preferred shares (the “Preferred Shares”) to finance its operation. Details of the
      movements of the fair value of the Preferred Shares issued are as follows:

                                                                                                                   Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                             at FVTPL
                                                                                                                              RMB’000


        As at 1 January 2023 (audited)                                                                                         5,872,042
        – changes in fair value                                                                                                3,171,903
        – automatic conversion of Preferred Shares upon the Listing                                                           (9,043,945)


        As at 30 June 2023 (unaudited), 31 December 2023 (audited)
          and 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                                                  –

      Note:      As at 28 June 2023, all Preferred Shares were automatically converted into 491,225,068 ordinary shares of the Company
                 upon the Listing and the fair value of the Preferred Shares as at 28 June 2023 was measured with reference to the IPO offer
                 price of HK$20 per share.


16.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                            Number of
                                                                               shares             Share capital          Presented as
                                                                                                           US$               RMB’000


        Authorised:
        At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                       5,000,000,000                   50,000
        Share subdivision (Note i)                                       15,000,000,000                        –


        At 30 June 2023 (unaudited),
          31 December 2023 (audited) and
          30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                    20,000,000,000                     50,000




48    YSB INC.        INTERIM REPORT 2024
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024



16.    SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

                                                                            Number of
                                                                               shares            Share capital           Presented as
                                                                                                          US$                RMB’000


           Issued and fully paid:
           At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                       31,329,046                       313                       2
           Share subdivision (Note i)                                        93,987,138                         –                       –
           Issue of shares pursuant to initial
              public offering (Note ii)                                      15,808,800                        40                        *
           Automatic conversion of Preferred Shares
              upon the Listing (Note 15)                                    491,225,068                    1,228                        9


           At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                      632,350,052                    1,581                       11

           Issue of shares pursuant to initial
              public offering (Note ii)                                        1,426,600                        4                        *
           Exercise of share options (Note 17)                                 6,708,850                       17                        *


           At 31 December 2023 (audited)                                    640,485,502                    1,602                       11
           Exercise of share options (Note 17)                                  474,973                        1                        *


           At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                    640,960,475                      1,603                       11

       *        Amount is less than RMB1,000.

       Notes:

       (i)      On 28 June 2023, the authorised share capital of the Company of par value US$0.00001 each was subdivided into 4 shares
                of par value US$0.0000025 each (the “Share Subdivision”). Upon the Share Subdivision, the authorised share capital of the
                Company was changed from US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000,000 shares of a par value of US$0.00001 each to US$50,000
                divided into 20,000,000,000 shares of a par value of US$0.0000025 each and the issued share capital of the Company
                became US$313 divided into 125,316,184 shares of a par value of US$0.0000025 each.

       (ii)     On 28 June 2023, the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange following the completion
                of issuance of 15,808,800 new shares of US$0.0000025 each issued at an offer price of HK$20 per share.

                On 25 July 2023, the Company issued and allotted ordinary shares of 1,426,600 shares to the public shareholders at an offer
                price of HK$20 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in the Listing.

       (iii)    During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company purchased 300,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: nil) of its own
                ordinary shares through a trust through the Stock Exchange with an aggregate consideration of approximately HK$2,429,000
                (six months ended 30 June 2023: nil) paid. The purchase of ordinary shares was held by a trust for the purpose of satisfying
                grants made under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan. Details are set out in Note 17. As at 30 June 2024, the Company had
                outstanding shares held for award share scheme of 570,000 (31 December 2023: 270,000) shares.

                Except for the purchase above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
                listed securities during the period.




                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024       YSB INC.     49
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



17.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group

      2017 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 2 February 2017, Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Sudao”)
      adopted the “2017 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the Group was authorised to grant share options,
      share appreciation rights and restricted share to employees and non-employees of Guangzhou Sudao.
      Share options were granted with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Guangzhou
      Sudao’s ordinary shares at the date of grant, and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods
      determined at the discretion of the board of directors of Guangzhou Sudao, and are subject to a continued
      service relationship. Effective on 1 January 2019, the Group terminated the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, meaning
      that, while no additional awards of share options, share appreciation rights, or restricted share were permitted
      thereunder, all outstanding awards continued to be governed by their existing terms.

      2019 Share Incentive Plan

      Effective on 27 February 2019, the Company adopted the “2019 Share Incentive Plan” pursuant to which the
      Company is authorised to grant share options, share appreciation rights and restricted share to employees
      and non-employees who provide services to the Company and its affiliates. Share options are to be granted
      with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the date of grant,
      and have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of
      directors of the Company, and are subject generally to a continued service relationship.

      Substitution of ordinary shares of Guangzhou Sudao to the Company’s ordinary shares under 2017
      Share incentive Plan

      As part of the share exchange arrangement, Guangzhou Sudao would i) substitute 1 share of ordinary share
      of Guangzhou Sudao under the 2017 Share Incentive Plan and ii) assume on the same terms and conditions as
      the 2017 Share Incentive Plan, share appreciation rights, and restricted share under the 2019 Share Incentive
      Plan as defined and detailed below. The directors of the Company considered that the modification of
      terms of 2017 Share Incentive Plan have no material change in fair value of the share options at the date of
      modification.

      Two share options can be converted into one ordinary share of the Company upon exercise. Following
      the Share Subdivision, each share option can be converted into two ordinary shares of the Company upon
      exercise.




50    YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024



17.    SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

       Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

       The following table discloses movements of share options under 2017 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                 At    Forfeited           At           At    Exercised             At
                                    Grant   Vesting   Expiry   Exercise   1 January       during      30 June    1 January       during        30 June
        Options                      year   period      year      price        2023   the period         2023        2024    the period           2024
                                                                   US$


        Directors and employees
        Tranche 2017-7              2017    4 years    2027        0.30   1,796,442            –     1,796,442   1,104,755     (63,687)   1,041,068
        Tranche 2017-7              2017    4 years    2027        0.30     185,261      (11,952)      173,309      84,424      (9,600)      74,824
        Tranche 2018-1              2018    4 years    2028        0.30     179,286            –       179,286     169,286           –      169,286
        Tranche 2018-2              2018    4 years    2028        0.30     555,982            –       555,982     555,982           –      555,982
        Tranche 2018-12             2018    4 years    2028        1.05     847,659            –       847,659     653,759           –      653,759


                                                                          3,564,630      (11,952)    3,552,678   2,568,206     (73,287)   2,494,919


        Exercisable at the
          end of the period                                                      –                          –    2,568,206                2,494,919


        Weighted average exercise
         price (US$)                                                           0.48         0.30          0.48        0.49        0.30            0.50


       Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited
       or expired during the period. As at 30 June 2024, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
       options was RMB2.92 (unaudited) (31 December 2023: RMB2.88 (audited)).




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024         YSB INC.        51
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



17.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of share options under 2019 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                     At     Granted     Forfeited           At            At    Forfeited    Exercised         At
                                  Grant   Vesting        Expiry   Exercise    1 January       during       during      30 June     1 January       during       during    30 June
        Options                    year   period           year      price         2023   the period   the period         2023         2024    the period   the period       2024
                                                                      US$


        Directors and employees
        Tranche 2019-3             2019   4 years         2029        1.05       65,000           –              –       65,000       51,700           –            –       51,700
        Tranche 2019-4             2019   4 years         2029        1.05       40,000           –              –       40,000            –           –            –            –
        Tranche 2019-10            2019   4 years         2029        0.94    2,226,000           –        (25,000)   2,201,000    1,704,000           –       (7,000)   1,697,000
        Tranche 2019-11            2019   4 years         2029        2.00       50,000           –              –       50,000        5,100           –       (5,100)           –
        Tranche 2020-1             2020   4 years         2030        1.05      120,000           –              –      120,000       37,500           –            –       37,500
        Tranche 2020-4             2020   4 years         2030        1.05      245,000           –       (12,500)      232,500      191,800           –       (2,000)     189,800
        Tranche 2021-1             2021   4 years         2031        1.60      266,616           –              –      266,616           16           –            –           16
        Tranche 2021-2             2021   4 years         2031        2.00      919,750           –       (20,000)      899,750      707,000     (12,125)      (1,900)     692,975
        Tranche 2021-7             2021   4 years         2031        2.00            –           –              –            –            –           –            –            –
        Tranche 2021-11            2021   4 years         2031        2.00    4,713,000           –      (164,500)    4,548,500    4,025,403    (101,500)     (18,800)   3,905,103
        Tranche 2021-12            2021   4 years         2031        2.00      450,000           –              –      450,000      399,500           –     (125,000)     274,500
        Tranche 2022-2             2022   4 years         2032        2.00      967,000           –      (105,000)      862,000      761,550    (104,250)      (2,900)     654,400
        Tranche 2022-5-1           2022   4 years         2032        2.00       20,000           –              –       20,000       18,000           –            –       18,000
        Tranche 2022-5-2           2022   4 years         2032        0.80    2,660,000           –              –    2,660,000    2,320,000           –            –    2,320,000
        Tranche 2022-5-3           2022   Immediately     2032        0.80    1,330,000           –              –    1,330,000    1,330,000           –            –    1,330,000
                                             after IPO
                                             (Note)
        Tranche 2022-7-1           2022   4 years         2032        2.00     660,000             –      (20,000)      640,000      555,000     (15,000)           –      540,000
        Tranche 2023-1-1           2023   4 years         2033        2.00           –       200,000            –       200,000      200,000           –            –      200,000
        Tranche 2023-1-1           2023   Immediately     2033        0.00           –       280,000            –       280,000       50,000           –            –       50,000
        Tranche 2023-1-5           2023   4 years         2033        2.00           –        43,000            –        43,000       32,759           –            –       32,759
        Tranche 2023-3-2           2023   4 years         2033        2.00           –        20,000            –        20,000       20,000           –            –       20,000
        Tranche 2023-6-10          2023   4 years         2033        2.00           –     2,466,000            –     2,466,000    2,438,000    (172,250)      (1,500)   2,264,250


                                                                             14,732,366    3,009,000     (347,000) 17,394,366     14,847,328    (405,125)    (164,200) 14,278,003


        Exercisable at the
           end of the period                                                         –                                       –     6,110,828                             7,757,878


        Weighted average
          exercise price (US$)                                                     1.48         1.81         1.90          1.53         1.56        2.00         1.94         1.54

      Note:        In May 2022, the Company granted 1,330,000 share options to Mr. Fei Chen, an executive director of the Company. These
                   options are vested on the date when the Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.




52    YSB INC.              INTERIM REPORT 2024
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024



17.    SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

       Equity-settled share option scheme of the Group (Continued)

       Except for the forfeited or exercised options disclosed above, no other options were exercised, forfeited
       or expired during the period. As at 30 June 2024, the weighted average exercise price of exercisable share
       options was RMB8.84 (unaudited) (31 December 2023: RMB8.28 (audited)).

       These fair values were calculated using the binomial method. The variables and assumptions used in
       computing the fair value of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate with reference to
       valuation reports carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer. The value of an option varies
       with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                                     Six months ended
                                                                                                          30 June 2023


        Weighted average share price                                                                 US$2.90 – US$4.33
        Exercise price                                                                               US$0.00 – US$2.00
        Expected volatility                                                                           60.60% – 61.60%
        Expected life (years)                                                                                    10.00
        Risk-free rate                                                                                  3.03% – 4.10%
        Expected dividend yield                                                                                 0.00%


       Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the share prices of comparable
       companies over the previous 10 years. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on
       the directors’ best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural
       considerations.

       During the interim period, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately RMB17,613,000
       (unaudited) (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB27,978,000 (unaudited)) in relation to share options granted
       by the Group.

       2023 Share Incentive Plan

       The 2023 Share Incentive Plan was first adopted by the Board on 12 June 2023 and took effect immediately
       upon the Listing. Since the Listing, the 2023 Share Incentive Plan is subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
       Under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan, a maximum number of 63,235,005 ordinary shares of the Company can
       be issued to employee participants, related party participant and service provider participant. Award shares
       have exercise terms of up to 10 years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board of
       directors of the Company, and are subject to performance targets and other condition on case by case basis.




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.   53
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



17.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      2023 Share Incentive Plan (Continued)

      The following table discloses movements of award shares under 2023 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                               At
                                                                        1 January
                                                                        2023 and           At     Granted     Forfeited         At
                                             Grant   Vesting   Expiry     30 June   1 January       during       during    30 June
        Award shares                          year    period     year        2023       2024    the period   the period       2024


        Employees
        Tranche 2023-9-4                     2023    2 years    2033           –      610,900           –      (44,800)     566,100
        Tranche 2023-9-4                     2023    4 years    2033           –    3,108,100           –     (163,500)   2,944,600
        Tranche 2024-2-6                     2024    1 years    2034           –            –   1,462,500      (50,000)   1,412,500
        Tranche 2024-2-6                     2024    2 years    2034           –            –   3,795,000      (65,000)   3,730,000
        Tranche 2024-2-6                     2024    3 years    2034           –            –   5,655,000      (60,000)   5,595,000
        Tranche 2024-2-6                     2024    4 years    2034           –            –      40,000            –       40,000


                                                                               –    3,719,000 10,952,500      (383,300) 14,288,200


        Exercisable at the end
          of the period                                                        –            –                                     –


      Except for the forfeited award shares disclosed above, no other award shares were vested, forfeited or expired
      during the period.

      These fair values of award shares were determined by the share price of the Company at grant date.

      During the interim period, the Group recognised the total expense of approximately RMB60,444,000
      (unaudited) (six months ended 30 June 2023: nil) in relation to award shares granted by the Group.




54    YSB INC.         INTERIM REPORT 2024
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2024



18.    CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                                  As at                   As at
                                                                                               30 June            31 December
                                                                                                  2024                    2023
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)               (audited)


           Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
             plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in the
             condensed consolidated financial statements                                          1,803                        3,591


19.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

       The board of directors of the Company has set up a treasury management team, which is headed up by the
       Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair
       value measurements.

       In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For
       instruments with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engages third party qualified
       valuers to perform the valuation. The treasury management team works closely with the qualified external
       valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. The Chief Financial Officer
       reports the treasury management team’s findings to the board of directors of the Company semi-annually to
       explain the cause of fluctuations in the fair value.

       The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation
       technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
       measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value
       measurements is observable.

       •        Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
                assets or liabilities;

       •        Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included
                within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e.
                derived from prices); and

       •        Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024      YSB INC.      55
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



19.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair values of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
      basis

      Certain of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period. The
      following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
      particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which
      the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair
      value measurements is observable.

                                                           As at        As at
                                                        30 June 31 December                Fair value     Valuation technique
                                                           2024         2023               hierarchy      and key input
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                     (unaudited)    (audited)


        Financial assets at FVTPL
        Wealth management products,                       753,831             865,493      Level 2        Quoted value from banks
          notes and investment funds                                                                       and financial institutions
                                                                                                           based on expected
                                                                                                           return with reference to
                                                                                                           underlying investments

        Unlisted equity investments                          9,737                    –    Level 3        Back-solve method (Note)

      Note:      Key inputs included possibilities under different scenarios, such as qualified IPO, redemption, liquidation and other inputs,
                 such as time to liquidation or redemption, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility value and dividend yield.

                 There were no transfer between Level 1 and 2 during both periods.




56    YSB INC.        INTERIM REPORT 2024
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024



19.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

       Fair values of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (Continued)

       Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                         Financial assets
                                                                                                               at FVTPL
                                                                                                                RMB’000


        As at 1 January 2023 (audited) and 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                                     –


        As at 1 January 2024 (audited)                                                                                  –
        – purchased                                                                                                 9,737
        – changes in fair value                                                                                         –


        As at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                              9,737


       Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured
       at fair value on a recurring basis

       The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is determined in accordance with generally accepted
       pricing model based on discounted cash flow analysis.

       The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
       recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair
       values.

20.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

       Compensation of key management personnel

       The remuneration of directors who are also the key management personnel during the six months ended
       30 June 2024 and 2023 are set out in Note 9.

21.    EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

       There have been no material subsequent events identified subsequent to 30 June 2024.




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2024       YSB INC.   57
Definitions


“Audit Committee”                        the audit committee of the Company

“Award Shares”                           the Shares underlying an award granted under the 2023 Share Incentive
                                         Plan, which includes new Shares or existing Shares

“Board”                                  the board of Directors

“CG Code”                                the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                         Rules (as amended from time to time)

“China” or “PRC”                         the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this interim report
                                         only, except where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong,
                                         the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

“Company”, “our Company” or              YSB Inc. (藥師幫股份有限公司), (formerly known as YSB Capital Limited),
  “the Company”                          a limited liability company incorporated under the Laws of the Cayman
                                         Islands on 27 August 2018, the shares of which are listed on the Main
                                         Board of the Stock Exchange under the stock code “9885”

“Consolidated Affiliated Entity(ies)”    Guangzhou Sudao, Guangzhou Yaobang and their subsidiaries and
                                         affiliated entities, the financial accounts of which have been consolidated
                                         and accounted for as if they were subsidiaries of our Company by virtue of
                                         contractual arrangements

“Director(s)”                            the director(s) of our Company

“Global Offering”                        the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering

“Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”             the Company and its subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                                         time to time, and where the context requires, in respect of the period
                                         prior to our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                         subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our Company
                                         at the relevant time

“Guangzhou Sudao”                        Guangzhou Sudao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州速道信息科技有
                                         限公司)

“Guangzhou Yaobang”                      Guangzhou Yaobang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州藥幫信息科技
                                         有限公司)

“HK$”                                    Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




58      YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                                          Definitions


“IFRS”                           International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                                 the International Accounting Standards Board

“Listing”                        the listing of our shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                   28 June 2023, the date on which our shares were listed and on which
                                 dealings in our shares were first permitted to take place on the Stock
                                 Exchange

“Listing Rules”                  the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                 Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                 from time to time

“Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                                 Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with Growth
                                 Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                 set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Zhang”                      Mr. Zhang Buzhen (張步鎮), the founder, executive Director, Chairman of
                                 the Board and Chief Executive Officer of our Group

“Prospectus”                     the prospectus of the Company dated 15 June 2023

“Reporting Period”               the six months ended 30 June 2024

“RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of China

“SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                 Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                 time

“Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par value of
                                 US$0.0000025 each

“Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                 Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and includes our
                                 consolidated affiliated entities and any other entity the financials of which
                                 are consolidated into the accounts of the Company

“substantial shareholder”        has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules

“treasury shares”                has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024   YSB INC.   59
Definitions


“United States” or “US”                the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                       subject to its jurisdiction

“U.S. dollars” or “US$”                United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“2019 Share Incentive Plan”            the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                       effective since 1 January 2019 (as amended from time to time), the
                                       principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory and general information –
                                       Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the Prospectus

“2023 Share Incentive Plan”            the share incentive plan approved and adopted by our Company and
                                       effective upon Listing, which constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17
                                       of the Listing Rules, the principal terms of which are set out in “Statutory
                                       and general information – Share Incentive Plans” in Appendix IV of the
                                       Prospectus

“%”                                    per cent




60    YSB INC.   INTERIM REPORT 2024
