East Buy Holding Limited
東方甄選控股有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(Stock code: 1797)




                            2026 INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information                    33   Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                                   Financial Position
4    Financial Highlights
                                              34   Condensed Consolidated Statement of
5    Business Overview and Outlook
                                                   Changes in Equity
13   Management Discussion and Analysis
                                              35   Condensed Consolidated Statement of
20   Other Information                             Cash Flows
31   Report on Review of Condensed            36   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
     Consolidated Financial Statements             Financial Statements
32   Condensed Consolidated Statement of      59   Definitions
     Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive
     Income
CORPORATE INFORMATION



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Executive Directors                           Ms. Song Jie (appointed on 22 August 2025)
                                              Ms. Ma Wing Yee (appointed on 22 August 2025)
Mr. YU Minhong (俞敏洪), Chairman and chief
                                              Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie
 executive officer
                                               (resigned on 22 August 2025)
Mr. YIN Qiang (尹強), Chief financial officer


Non-executive Director                        AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                              Mr. YIN Qiang
Ms. SUN Chang (孫暢)
                                              Ms. Ma Wing Yee (appointed on 22 August 2025)
                                              Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie
Independent non-executive Directors
                                               (resigned on 22 August 2025)
Mr. KWONG Wai Sun Wilson (鄺偉信)
Mr. LIN Zheying (林哲莹)
                                              AUDITOR
Mr. YAN Andrew Y (閻焱)
                                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                              Certified Public Accountants
BOARD COMMITTEES                              Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Audit committee
Mr. YAN Andrew Y, Committee chairman          REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. KWONG Wai Sun Wilson                      Cricket Square
Mr. LIN Zheying                               Hutchins Drive
                                              P.O. Box 2681
Remuneration committee                        Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Mr. LIN Zheying, Committee chairman           Cayman Islands
Ms. SUN Chang
Mr. YAN Andrew Y                              HEADQUARTERS
                                              Level 18, South Wing
Nomination committee                          2 Haidian East Third Road
Mr. YU Minhong, Committee chairman            Haidian District
Mr. LIN Zheying                               Beijing, China
Mr. YAN Andrew Y




2   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                                Corporate Information (Continued)




PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                           PRINCIPAL BANK
IN HONG KONG                                          Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited

Level 40, Dah Sing Financial Centre
No. 248 Queen’s Road East                             STOCK CODE
Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                      1797

LEGAL ADVISERS                                        WEBSITE
As to Hong Kong Laws and United                       ir.eastbuy.com
States Laws
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates


As to PRC Laws
Tian Yuan Law Firm


As to Cayman Islands Laws
Conyers Dill & Pearman


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited




                                                                               2026 INTERIM REPORT   3
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



KEY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                                                  Six months        Six months
                                                                                   ended 30          ended 30
                                                                             November 2025     November 2024             Change
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)       (unaudited)
    Revenue                                                                       2,311,629         2,186,636              5.7%
    Gross Profit                                                                    841,639           735,143             14.5%
    Profit/(Loss) before tax                                                        308,526           (72,481)           525.7%
    Profit/(Loss) for the period                                                    239,041           (96,503)           347.7%

    Profit/(Loss) for the period attributable to:
      – Owners of the Company                                                       238,966            (96,799)          346.9%
      – Non-controlling interests                                                        75                296           (74.7%)

    Earnings/(Loss) per share
      – Basic (RMB)                                                                    0.23              (0.09)
      – Diluted (RMB)                                                                  0.22              (0.09)

    Non-IFRS measure: Adjusted Profit/(Loss) for the period (unaudited)(1)          257,645             (1,609)       16,112.7%
    Non-IFRS measure: Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) (unaudited)(2)                       315,212            (68,223)          562.0%


(1)     Adjusted Profit/(Loss) for the period represents profit/(loss) for the period less loss on fair value changes of financial
        assets at FVTPL (non-current) and gain on disposal of a financial asset at FVTPL (non-current), plus share-based
        compensation expenses for the period.

(2)     Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) (or earnings/(loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation) represents profit/
        (loss) for the period plus income tax expenses, share-based compensation expenses, finance costs, impairment losses
        recognised under expected credit loss model, net, depreciation of property and equipment, depreciation of right-of-
        use assets, less other income, gains and losses for the period.




4       EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                              BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK



OUR BUSINESS
We have positioned ourselves as a private label products and livestreaming e-commerce platform that focuses
on carefully selecting premium products for our customers, an outstanding product and technology company
that continually provides agricultural products as its core product under our private label brand, “East Buy” (東
方甄選), and a cultural communication company that provides customers with a pleasant experience. Through
the provision of high-quality products and services, the promotion of traditional Chinese culture and positive
values, we hope to contribute and provide every customer and viewer with a better, healthier, and high-quality
life.

Since 2021, we have expanded our businesses in private label products and livestreaming e-commerce and
established “East Buy”, which has become a well-known online platform for selling top-quality and good value
for money agricultural and other products. Not only does the platform offer an alternative channel for farmers
and local companies to sell high-quality agricultural and other products to a broader customer base, it also
provides consumers with a platform which offers a wide range of high-quality products with transparency in
pricing. Leveraging our deep understanding of customers’ needs, we select quality agricultural and other
products for our customers through our integrated supply chain management and diversified cooperation with
various third parties. We create value for consumers by providing various private label products under the “East
Buy” brand, which are designed to be healthy and high-quality with good value for money, including fruits
and vegetables, meat and poultry, baked goods, cereals, oils and ready-to-eat foods, seafood, dairy products,
nutritional and health-care food, pet food, and daily necessities, etc. Through direct cooperation with producers
and local enterprises, we aspire to promote quality products that have traditionally lacked sales channels and
to improve the operational efficiency of the industry supply chain, so as to accelerate rural revitalisation and
contribute long-term value to the relevant upstream and downstream industry.

Being consistent with our Company’s history, we continue to stand by a “customer-centric” long-term
development strategy. Through innovative livestreaming activities and providing premium services, we provide
our customers with a unique and entertaining shopping experience that involves the sharing of knowledge,
wisdom and Chinese culture and history. We have an established team of talented livestreamers and have
adopted a multi-channel strategy to reach a wider consumer base. We have set up various livestreaming
channels, including East Buy Beautiful Life (東方甄選美麗生活) and East Buy Private Label (東方甄選自營產品) on
Douyin (抖音), which focus on different product categories to continually create positive, unique and interesting
content to attract and retain user viewership, while at the same time, promote traditional Chinese culture and
share knowledge with consumers. During the Reporting Period, we have adopted a multi-platform strategy and
sold our private label products on various platforms, such as Taobao (淘寶), JD.com (京東), Pinduoduo (拼多多),
REDnote (小紅書), Mini Programs (微信小程序), Weixin Mini Shops (微信小店) and our own APP. Our Company
has also established a membership system which has provided members with unique and exclusive membership
services and offered members with lower prices on a limited selection of nationally-branded and private label
products in a wide range of merchandise categories on our own APP since October 2023. The “East Buy” brand
has become increasingly prominent in the industry, quickly becoming synonymous with “quality, accessibility,
and lifestyle culture” in China, particularly as related to agricultural and other daily necessities products, and
thereby, our brand is gaining millions of loyal viewers/followers and returning customers.




                                                                                      2026 INTERIM REPORT       5
Business Overview and Outlook (Continued)




The key operating metrics in the livestreaming e-commerce business are summarised below:

                                                                                      For the six            For the six
                                                                                   months ended           months ended
                                                                                   30 November            30 November
                                                                                            2025                   2024
    Key operating data
    GMV (RMB) (billion)(1)                                                                      4.1                  4.8
    Number of paid orders on Douyin (million)                                                  42.1                 50.1
    Number of paid membership subscriptions on East Buy’s
      APP (thousand)                                                                        240.1(2)               228.3


Notes:

(1)    Include the paid GMV from all sales channels such as Douyin, Taobao and our own APP, etc.

(2)    A large volume of renewals took place in the following months, due to the launching of the “Family and Friends Card“
       campaign in FY2025 and delay in timing of members’ renewal for the new subscription compared with the same period
       last year.


BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS
Our financial performance
We are pleased to report a solid start to FY2026, marked by robust growth momentum in both our private
label products and livestreaming e-commerce business. Our business philosophy has remained consistent
and steadfast since its inception: to provide every customer with premium, carefully curated products and
thoughtful services at exceptional value. We fulfill this commitment by staying true to our founding mission and
upholding high standards of business ethics and integrity.

Against the backdrop of numerous unforeseen challenges encountered in the prior year, the Group has
demonstrated strong operational resilience. Guided by our core philosophy, we have successfully navigated
short-term fluctuations, achieving a notable rebound with year-on-year growth in both revenue and net profit.
For the six months ended 30 November 2025, total net revenue increased by 5.7% from RMB2.2 billion for
the corresponding period in 2024 to RMB2.3 billion. If excluding the revenue amount generated by the
livestreaming channel of Time with Yuhui, our total revenues increased by 17.0% from RMB2.0 billion for the six
months ended 30 November 2024. Meanwhile, the Group turned around from a net loss of RMB96.5 million in
the six months ended 30 November 2024 to a net profit of RMB239.0 million in the same period of 2025, laying
a solid foundation for the Group’s long-term sustainable development.




6      EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                           Business Overview and Outlook (Continued)




During the Reporting Period, we achieved significant progress in product development and supply chain
enhancement. Our product categories have been expanded from the initial category of fresh food and
snacks to a more diversified product range, leading to a cumulative 801 SPUs in private label products as of
30 November 2025 (as of 30 November 2024: 600 SPUs). The new categories include seafood and aquatic
products, healthcare products, kitchen condiments, meat, eggs and dairy, paper towels and wet wipes,
personal care and household cleaning supplies, home textiles, as well as apparel and underwear. These new
offerings precisely targeted consumers’ specific needs for health and convenience, not only enriching their
choices but also effectively driving overall sales and profit growth, thereby further optimizing the Company’s
product structure.

In the first half of FY2026, we also upgraded and expanded our existing product lines while accelerating the
iteration of new flavors. In the seafood segment, our “East Buy Premium Fuzhou Fish Balls” (東方甄選特級福州魚
丸) have cumulatively sold over 500,000 units since its launch, receiving positive market feedback. In September
2025, we further introduced a new variant “Solid Fish Ball” (實心魚丸) with expanded product specifications
to meet diverse consumer needs. Meanwhile, our “East Buy Hairtail Fish Series” (東方甄選帶魚段系列), which
made its seasonal comeback in October 2025, has achieved outstanding sales performance, remaining in short
supply with overwhelmingly positive market response. In the kitchen condiments category, the launch of “East
Buy Spicy Beef Sauce” (東方甄選香辣牛肉醬) in October 2025 was met with exceptional enthusiasm. Boasting
a clean and authentic ingredient list, the product sold out across all platforms on its debut day. It was quickly
restocked within a short period. To continuously cater to market demand, an extended variant “Mushroom
Beef Sauce” (香菇牛肉醬) has been launched on 28 January 2026. Furthermore, seasonal fruits and vegetables
including kiwifruit, red-flesh pomelo, cherries and navel oranges have gained widespread consumer favor within
their short shelf-life cycle, thanks to their outstanding freshness and quality.

In the daily necessities category, we focused on product iteration, cost optimization and marketing exposure
to build blockbuster products. Taking sanitary pads as an example, following the launch of the Cotton Sanitary
Pad Series in June 2025, we rolled out the Lightweight Version in July and expanded the product line to
include the Overnight Panties Series in August, reinforcing our dual core selling points of safety and comfort.
We also continued joint research and development (“R&D”) with manufacturers to develop high-absorbency
cores, which reduce stickiness and enhance user experience. On the cost optimization front, we implemented
measures such as centralized procurement and cost control with OEM manufacturers to sustain healthy product
growth. In terms of product exposure, we continued to explore and enrich the stories behind our products,
conveying their production process and positioning to fans and consumers via live streams. Traceability live
sessions were leveraged to deepen consumers’ understanding and trust in our private label products. These
initiatives have solidified our foundation for the future growth of our private label products, which continued
to be a major growth driver and contributed approximately 52.8% of total GMV for the six months ended 30
November 2025.

Additionally, East Buy continued to optimize its existing warehouse network layout and enhance operational
capabilities. Excluding direct-from-origin products, the Company plans to build same-day delivery capabilities
for the top 10 cities with the highest domestic order volumes: orders placed before 10:30 AM are delivered on
the same day, while those placed before 11:00 PM are delivered by 3:00 PM the next day. Meanwhile, East Buy
will launch new trials of instant retail fulfillment capabilities in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. In terms of the
logistics infrastructure, following the commissioning of Central China No.1 and No.2 Warehouses in 2025, the
Company will complete the construction of East Buy No.3 and No.4 Warehouses, and formulate new warehouse
operation regulations and cargo management measures.


                                                                                        2026 INTERIM REPORT        7
Business Overview and Outlook (Continued)




During the Reporting Period, the Company’s customer service team has provided services to a total of 4.5
million users, achieving a customer satisfaction rate of 97.83%. By diligently documenting customer feedback
and needs and continuously relaying them to relevant departments, we have driven a total of 202 experience
enhancement initiatives, covering product improvements, logistics delivery quality upgrades, and APP-related
function optimizations. This fully embodies our commitment to the customer-centric principle, truly listening to
and addressing customer needs, and prioritizing customer experience.

The Company adopts the multi-platform, multi-matrix strategy to expand its reach for a wider consumer base
and increase brand awareness and influence. As a core public domain traffic platform, Douyin continued to be
a key focus for the Group, where we optimized our traffic delivery strategy, precisely targeted the intended
customer groups, and improved traffic conversion efficiency. Meanwhile, we will expand our sales reach
through new approaches such as short-video and product recommendation and sales, thereby driving the
sustainable growth of GMV. While continuing enriching the products and services in online shop channels in
different platforms, e.g. Mini Programs, Mini Shops, Tmall, JD.com, Pinduoduo, REDnote, we began to explore
offline channels leveraging on strong brand recognition and New Oriental’s Learning Centers network. We
are encouraged that we have deployed more than 40 vending machines nationwide and achieved profitability
in certain cities. We plan to gradually roll out this business, and will further expand its coverage in different
scenarios including office buildings, residential communities and learning centers, so as to complement our
offline exposure. Moreover, East Buy is set to launch its first offline experience store – a 439 square-meter
flagship outlet located in Beijing’s Zhongguancun (北京中關村) – offering consumers a one-stop “shopping +
leisure + social interaction” experience. The store will not only showcase hundreds of the Group’s private-label
products spanning a full range of categories including fresh produce, snacks, daily necessities and home goods,
but also introduce a diverse selection of third-party brand offerings. It will also feature interactive zones such
as product traceability display areas and tasting stations, using tangible quality demonstrations to strengthen
consumer trust. With a focus on meeting neighborhood consumption needs, the store will provide convenient
services including online ordering, in-store delivery and pickup, as well as member-exclusive benefits.

In the APP, the GMV and average order value of private label products are increasing steadily. The proportion
of the private label products from our APP in the total GMV of such private label products has stabilized at
28.6% in the first half of FY2026. This not only reflects our progress in supply chain management, but also
proves the trust that users, especially paying members, have in our East Buy brand.

Further, we have emphasised on talent training, strengthening organisational structure building, and advocating
a unified set of values to ensure that our employees can maximise their potential in their respective positions
and collectively contribute to the Company’s long-term development. As of 30 November 2025, the total
number of personnel in our private label products and livestreaming e-commerce team reached 1,373, of which
1,054 were full-time employees and 319 were part-time employees. We also had 654 personnel dedicated to
our supply chain and product, of which 502 were full-time employees and 152 were part-time employees.




8    EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                          Business Overview and Outlook (Continued)




As a result of the above strategic implementation, our GMV for the six months ended 30 November 2025 was
RMB4.1 billion. If excluding the GMV generated by the livestreaming channel of Time with Yuhui, our total
GMV increased by 16.4% from RMB3.6 billion for the first half of FY2025 to RMB4.1 billion for the first half of
FY2026. While the GMV from Douyin represented a large majority of our GMV, our GMV from APP represented
18.5% of total GMV. The total number of paid orders from our third-party products and our private label
products on Douyin for the six months ended 30 November 2025 has reached approximately 42.1 million.


FUTURE OUTLOOK BEYOND THE REPORTING PERIOD
We are embracing a new beginning and continue to be committed to providing users with high-quality products
and services. Our strategic positioning is firm and clear. In the future, we will continue to strive to become a
livestreaming platform that focuses on carefully selecting premium products for our customers, an outstanding
product and technology company that continually provides agricultural products as its core product under
our private label, “East Buy”, and a cultural communication company that provides customers with pleasant
experience. We firmly believe in our mission of promoting public welfare and creating value for society.

Going forward, we will focus our efforts in the following key areas:


Pursuing ultimate product quality
Quality is the primary focus of East Buy. Currently, the Company has generated over 20,000 quality inspection
reports for its private label products, investing tens of millions of RMB per year in product testing to fully
guarantee the superior quality of our entire product range. We will, as always, adhere to the high-standard
product selection principle and strictly control the quality threshold of every single product. For both our
private label products and co-branded products, we will further strengthen the intensity of quality inspection
and control. We plan to establish a biweekly/monthly quality inspection reporting mechanism, covering details
such as random inspection pass rate, rectification measures for problematic products, and results of supplier
qualification review. We are committed to ensuring that every product received by consumers meets or even
exceeds their expectations, especially for essential product categories closely related to people’s livelihood.

The Company will rigorously follow its established strategic direction, clearly centering its brand proposition
on “Healthy, High Quality, and Good Value-for-Money (健康、高品質、高質價比)”. On the product front,
we will further strengthen our product quality through a comprehensive, end-to-end quality control system
encompassing raw material sourcing, production, processing, warehousing, and logistics. Our pricing strategy
will fully align product quality with the purchasing power of our target consumer segments, reinforcing the
brand perception of “Premium Quality at a Fair Price”. Our target audience encompasses the full spectrum of
family scenarios. This includes universal household products that meet daily necessities, as well as segmented
offerings tailored to different age groups.




                                                                                    2026 INTERIM REPORT       9
Business Overview and Outlook (Continued)




To ensure our products continuously resonate with market needs, the Company will establish a user research
mechanism. Through methods such as in-app community research, in-app questionnaires, private community
interviews, and big-data consumption behavior analysis, we are able to precisely collect data on the evolving
user demands. These insights will drive the development of product formulas, packaging, and functionalities in
order to ensure that our products meet the demand of the market.


AI-enabled operational efficiency improvement
To date, the global retail industry is undergoing a technology-driven systemic transformation: the penetration
rate of technologies such as Generative AI and Computer Vision is rising steadily, profoundly reshaping the
underlying logic of the industry. The Company has consistently kept a close watch on and attached great
importance to the far-reaching impact of technological evolution.

Going forward, in multichannel operations, Generative Engagement Optimization (“GEO”) will potentially
facilitate personalized “one-to-one” product recommendations. Offline stores may leverage AI shopping
guides, real-time inventory alerts and other functions to optimize shopping processes and fulfillment services,
and connect online and offline data links. In the quality control phase, AI visual inspection may enhance the
accuracy and efficiency. In customer service, AI empowerment will potentially drive the service system to evolve
from “passive response” to “proactive creation”: by building a full-cycle closed-loop system of “collection-
analysis-action-feedback” across all platforms, we will accurately capture user feedback and achieve rapid
conversion of customer demands. Meanwhile, we will create a dual-driver model of “AI-powered customer
service + humanized service”, where AI handles standardized consultations, enabling human customer
service teams to focus on one-to-one empathetic services, thereby significantly improving user retention and
satisfaction.

Although the application of Generative AI and its derivative technologies in the consumer sector is still in the early
stages, in the long run, AI is expected to deeply permeate the entire value chain of East Buy’s business – from
product selection, content creation, sales to customer service. Combined with the Company’s unique advantages in
corpus resources, product positioning, SPU diversity and platform cooperation, AI may help uphold East Buy’s core
strength of high product quality, build a more efficient retail ecosystem that is closer to user needs, and consolidate
our market competitiveness.




10   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                          Business Overview and Outlook (Continued)




Innovative livestreaming e-commerce model and content ecology
We are well aware of the importance of knowledge dissemination and cultural transmission. We have
relaunched livestreaming on Weixin Video Accounts (微信視頻號) and reopened one livestreaming account
on Douyin under the name Poetry & Wine Life (詩酒人生). We also established more new matrix accounts on
Douyin, including East Buy’s Fruits & Vegetables Flagship Store (果蔬旗艦店), Home Furnishings Pavilion (家
居館), Health & Nutrition (營養健康), Cute Pets (萌寵生活) and Snacks & Fast Food (零食速食) recently. We
created more innovative content across various official channels through short videos, graphics and texts, and
other formats. During the Reporting Period, we continued to actively explore innovative livestreaming model,
promote the development of cultural content and specialty agricultural products across various regions. In
December 2025, Mr. YU Minhong, the Chief Executive Officer, has led the team on immersive trips to various
prefecture-level cities, hosting multiple on-site livestream activities in locations such as Shandong Pingdu,
Zhejiang Shengzhou, and Hubei Yichang. These activities featured in-depth interviews with local founders,
uncovering the rich stories behind their agricultural products, to showcase local customs and distinctive culture
while promoting specialty products.

Going forward, the Company will build a dual-core content ecosystem integrating products and culture. We
will follow the logic of user research →small-batch testing →full-scale promotion: identify potential bestsellers
through user research, conduct tests in private communities and live streams after small-batch production, and
refine products based on data such as repurchase rates and positive review rates. Once mature, we will launch
content marketing across multiple platforms including Douyin, Weixin Official Accounts (微信公眾號), Weixin
Video Accounts and REDnote, highlighting the R&D stories, raw material advantages and usage scenarios
behind products to strengthen emotional resonance with users.


Developing livestreamer teams and professional talent pool
The Company plans to launch a long-term recruitment program for outstanding livestreamers and professional
talent. Meanwhile, we will recruit external professionals with livestreaming experience who align with the
brand’s positioning.

Systematic training will be carried out around three core modules: product knowledge, content creation and
livestreaming skills. Product knowledge training will cover raw materials, production processes, selling points
and competitive advantages. Content creation training will focus on cultural connotations and scenario-based
expression, retaining New Oriental’s core feature of “valuing culture and knowledge sharing”. Livestreaming
skills training will include script design, audience interaction guidance and live session pacing control. Through
such training, we will ensure that streamers can not only explain products professionally, but also convey the
brand culture, thereby boosting user engagement in live streams.

The Company will continue to solidify the scientific assessment system and the sound incentive mechanism
to motivate the team and ensure assessment fairness. At present, the Company’s team morale remains high.
Going forward, we will further enhance their work enthusiasm and sense of belonging through systematic talent
management measures such as bonuses and clear promotion paths.




                                                                                      2026 INTERIM REPORT      11
Business Overview and Outlook (Continued)




Strengthening food safety and social responsibility
Based on high-quality products and relying on China’s mature and well-established supply chain system, we aim
to achieve the synergistic growth of corporate value and social value. Over the past few years, East Buy has
penetrated hundreds of villages across the country, and empowered local characteristic agricultural products
such as Zigui navel oranges (秭歸臍橙) and Guizhou rosa roxburghii (貴州刺梨) to reach national markets
through the livestreaming + traceability + brand empowerment model, driving a steady increase in agricultural
product sales in local cities. In terms of the industrial chain, we promote the quality upgrading of upstream
and downstream suppliers through technical audits and standard co-construction. By empowering cooperative
factories with our own quality control standards and management experience, we aspire to contribute to the
long-term improvement of the overall quality level of the industry. In the realm of sustainable development,
we actively popularize nutritional and health science knowledge to raise consumers’ awareness of food safety
through traceability livestreams and offline events. We also practice the concept of green development by
optimizing packaging design, promoting eco-friendly materials, reducing the carbon footprint of logistics links,
and building a low-carbon and efficient supply chain system. Meanwhile, we focus on user needs, prioritize R&D
and innovation in high-risk or high-profile product categories, and launch products such as sanitary napkins with
“zero additives in seven key aspects” that meet national and green product standards, effectively addressing
consumer pain points. We adhere to the core standards of high-quality raw materials, simple ingredients,
and strict quality inspections, and keep the product promise of “zero additives, minimal additives, and clean
ingredient lists” to safeguard the food safety of every consumer.

“Better living all with East Buy” (“美好生活, 盡在東方甄選”). This is our commitment and our motivation to
move forward. Looking ahead, East Buy will continue to deepen food safety control and social responsibility
initiatives. While upholding its core strength of high quality, the Company will create a more reassuring
consumption experience for consumers and inject sustained momentum into social development.




12   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



REVENUE
Our total revenues increased by 5.7% from RMB2.2 billion in the six months ended 30 November 2024 to
RMB2.3 billion in the six months ended 30 November 2025, among which revenue from our APP increased from
approximately RMB0.5 billion in the six months ended 30 November 2024 to approximately RMB0.6 billion in
the six months ended 30 November 2025. If excluding the revenue amount generated by the livestreaming
channel of Time with Yuhui, our total revenues increased by 17.0% from RMB2.0 billion for the first half of
FY2025 to RMB2.3 billion for the first half of FY2026.

Our revenues from private label products increased by 18.1% from RMB1.7 billion in the six months ended 30
November 2024 to RMB2.0 billion in the six months ended 30 November 2025. During the Reporting Period,
we continuously enhanced supply chain management, expanded our product categories, and increased the
number of products offerings and SPUs.


COST OF REVENUE, GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS MARGIN
Our total cost of revenue increased by 1.3% from RMB1.5 billion in the six months ended 30 November 2024 to
RMB1.5 billion in the six months ended 30 November 2025, primarily due to the increase in cost of inventories
as a result of increase in the GMV for private label products.

Our gross profit increased by 14.5% from RMB735.1 million in the six months ended 30 November 2024 to
RMB841.6 million in the six months ended 30 November 2025. Our gross profit margin increased from 33.6% in
the six months ended 30 November 2024 to 36.4% in the six months ended 30 November 2025, primarily due
to the healthy development of our private label products and livestreaming e-commerce business.


OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES
Our other income, gains and losses decreased by 53.2% from RMB113.9 million in the six months ended 30
November 2024 to RMB53.3 million in the six months ended 30 November 2025, primarily due to the net
foreign exchange loss.


SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES
Our selling and marketing expenses decreased by 4.3% from RMB459.3 million in the six months ended
30 November 2024 to RMB439.5 million in the six months ended 30 November 2025, primarily due to the
decrease in staff costs.




                                                                                  2026 INTERIM REPORT     13
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES
Our research and development expenses decreased by 21.0% from RMB68.0 million in the six months ended 30
November 2024 to RMB53.7 million in the six months ended 30 November 2025, primarily due to the decrease
in staff costs as we optimized resource utilization efficiency.


ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
Our administrative expenses decreased by 78.6% from RMB391.9 million in the six months ended 30 November
2024 to RMB83.9 million in the six months ended 30 November 2025, primarily due to the distribution of
all remaining undistributed profits from Time with Yuhui in 2024 as disclosed in the announcement of the
Company dated 25 July 2024.


SHARE OF RESULT OF ASSOCIATES
Our share of result of associates increased from a loss of RMB0.6 million in the six months ended 30 November
2024 to a loss of RMB0.8 million in the six months ended 30 November 2025, primarily due to the increase in
losses in Beijing Shidai Yuntu Book Co., Ltd. (北京時代雲圖圖書有限責任公司).


INCOME TAX EXPENSES
Our income tax expenses were RMB69.5 million in the six months ended 30 November 2025, compared to
RMB24.0 million in the six months ended 30 November 2024, primarily due to the increase in net profit during
the Reporting Period.


NET PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD
As a result of the above, our net profit was RMB239.0 million in the six months ended 30 November 2025,
compared with a net loss of RMB96.5 million in the six months ended 30 November 2024.




14   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




NON-IFRS MEASURES
To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with IFRS, we also use Adjusted Profit/(Loss)
for the period and Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) as non-IFRS measures, which are not required by, or presented in
accordance with IFRS. We believe that these non-IFRS measures facilitate comparison of operating performance
from period to period by eliminating potential impacts of items that our management does not consider to
be indicative of our operating performance. We also believe these measures provide useful information to
investors and others in understanding and evaluating our consolidated statements of profit or loss in the same
manner as they have assisted our management. Please note, however, our presentation of Adjusted Profit/
(Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other
companies. The use of these non-IFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not
consider it in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, our consolidated statements of profit or loss or
financial condition as reported under IFRS.

We define Adjusted Profit/(Loss) for the period as profit/(loss) for the period less loss on fair value changes of
financial assets at FVTPL (non-current), and gain on disposal of a financial asset at FVTPL (non-current), plus
share-based compensation expenses for the period. We define Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) as profit/(loss) for
the period plus income tax expense, share-based compensation expenses, finance costs, impairment losses
recognised under expected credit loss model, net, depreciation of property and equipment, depreciation of
right-of-use assets, less other income, gains and losses for the period.

The following table reconciles our net profit/(loss) for the period to Adjusted Profit/(Loss) for the period:

                                                                                  Six months           Six months
                                                                                       ended                ended
                                                                               30 November          30 November
                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)          (unaudited)
 Reconciliation of net profit/(loss) for the period to Adjusted
   Profit/(Loss) for the period:
 Net profit/(loss) for the period                                                    239,041               (96,503)
 Less:
 Loss on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL (non-current)                      –               (2,430)
 Gain on disposal of a financial asset at FVTPL (non-current)                           8,402                    –
 Add:
 Share-based compensation expenses                                                    27,006               92,464
 Adjusted Profit/(Loss) for the period                                               257,645               (1,609)




                                                                                       2026 INTERIM REPORT       15
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




The following table reconciles our profit/(loss) for the period to Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) for the period:

                                                                                Six months          Six months
                                                                                     ended               ended
                                                                             30 November         30 November
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (unaudited)         (unaudited)
 Reconciliation of net profit/(loss) for the period to
   Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA)
 Net profit/(loss) for the period                                                 239,041              (96,503)
 Add:
 Income tax expense                                                                 69,485              24,022
 Share-based compensation expenses                                                  27,006              92,464
 Finance costs                                                                         897               1,697
 Impairment losses recognised under expected credit loss
   model, net of reversal                                                            7,621                   –
 Depreciation of property and equipment                                              8,444               7,068
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                16,030              16,937
 Less:
 Other income, gains and losses                                                    53,312              113,908
 Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) for the period                                          315,212              (68,223)




16   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Liquidity and capital resources
During the Reporting Period, we met our cash requirements primarily from cash and cash equivalents and
proceeds from the 2020 Subscription. We had cash and cash equivalents of RMB1.2 billion as at 30 November
2025 compared to RMB2.5 billion as at 31 May 2025 and RMB1.7 billion as at 30 November 2024. We had
term deposits of RMB1.9 billion as at 30 November 2025, compared to RMB0.6 billion as at 31 May 2025 and
RMB1.4 billion as at 30 November 2024. We also had financial assets (current) at FVTPL of RMB2.4 billion as
at 30 November 2025, compared to RMB2.0 billion as at 31 May 2025 and RMB1.7 billion as at 30 November
2024. Thus, total monetary capital was RMB5.5 billion as at 30 November 2025. Cash and cash equivalents
were represented by bank balances and cash; and bank balances and cash comprised of cash and short-term
deposits with an original maturity of three months or less. Financial assets (current) at FVTPL comprised of
wealth management products.

During the Reporting Period, we primarily used cash to fund required working capital and other recurring
expenses to support the expansion of our operations. Going forward, we believe that our liquidity requirements
will be satisfied by using funds from a combination of internally generated cash and net proceeds from our
2020 Subscription.

As at 30 November 2025, our gearing ratio was 15.5%, compared with 17.4% as at 30 November 2024 and
16.0% as at 31 May 2025, calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets.


Capital expenditure
The following table sets forth our capital expenditure for the period indicated:

                                                                                Six months        Six months
                                                                                     ended             ended
                                                                             30 November       30 November
                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                               (unaudited)       (unaudited)
Purchase of property and equipment                                                    539             23,408


Our capital expenditures were primarily for purchases of property and equipment in the six months ended 30
November 2024 and 2025. Our purchases of property and equipment were RMB23.4 million and RMB0.5 million
for the six months ended 30 November 2024 and 2025, respectively.




                                                                                    2026 INTERIM REPORT    17
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Off-balance sheet commitments and arrangements
As of 30 November 2025, we had not entered into any off-balance sheet transactions.


Future plans for material investments and capital assets
As of 30 November 2025, we did not have any other foreseeable plans for material investments and capital
assets.


Material acquisitions and/or disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies
As of 30 November 2025, we did not have any other material acquisitions and/or disposals of subsidiaries and
affiliated companies.


Significant investments held
Save as disclosed above, the Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment
in an investee company with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as of 30 November 2025) during
the six months ended 30 November 2025.


Employees and remuneration policy
As at 30 November 2025, we had 1,054 full-time employees and 319 part-time employees (30 November 2024:
1,264 full-time employees and 469 part-time employees). The number of employees employed by the Group
varies from time to time depending on needs and employees are remunerated based on industry practice.

Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. The remuneration policy
and package of the Group’s employees are periodically reviewed. Apart from pension funds and in-house
training programmes, discretionary bonuses, share awards and share options may be awarded to employees
according to assessment of individual performance.

The total remuneration expenses, including share based compensation expense incurred by the Group for the
six months ended 30 November 2025, were RMB346.8 million, representing a period-on-period decrease of
34.9% from RMB532.8 million for the six months ended 30 November 2024.




18   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk arises when commercial transactions or recognised assets and liabilities are denominated
in a currency that is not the functional currency of our operating entities. We operate in the PRC with most
of the transactions settled in RMB. During the Reporting Period, we had assets and liabilities denominated in
United States dollars and Hong Kong dollars. We continuously monitor changes in currency exchange rates and
will take necessary measures to mitigate exchange rate impact.


Indebtedness
During the Reporting Period, we did not incur any bank loan or other borrowings. Our Directors consider that
we have adequate cash and capital resources considering our bank balances and cash, term deposits and our
financial assets at FVTPL, wealth management products generated from our operating activities and the net
proceeds from the share subscriptions to fund our operations and expansion, therefore, we do not plan to incur
any borrowing in the 12 months from the date of this report.


Pledge of assets
As at 30 November 2025, none of our Group’s assets were pledged.


Contingent liabilities
As of 30 November 2025, we did not have any material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                   2026 INTERIM REPORT     19
OTHER INFORMATION



DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
Directors and chief executives
As at 30 November 2025, the interests and short positions of our Directors and the Company’s chief executive
in our Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of our Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by our Company pursuant
to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to our Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code are set out below. All interests disclosed represent long positions in Shares. Our Directors and the
Company’s chief executive do not hold any short positions in Shares.

Interest in our Shares

                                                                                                Approximate
 Name of                                                                          Number       percentage of
 Director or                                                     Relevant        of Shares   shareholding in
 chief executive          Nature of interest                     entity         interested    our Company(1)
 Mr. Yu Minhong     (2)
                          Beneficial owner                                       7,500,000             0.71%
  (“Mr. Yu”)
                          Interest in a controlled corporation   Tigerstep      28,682,832             2.72%

 Ms. Sun Chang(3)         Beneficial owner                                          50,000             0.00%
  (“Ms. Sun”)
                          Interest in a controlled corporation   First Bravo       151,000             0.01%

 Mr. Yin Qiang(4)         Beneficial owner                                       2,600,000             0.25%
  (“Mr. Yin”)

 Mr. Kwong Wai            Beneficial owner                                          20,000             0.00%
  Sun Wilson(5)
  (“Mr. Kwong”)

 Mr. Lin Zheying(6)       Beneficial owner                                          20,000             0.00%
  (“Mr. Lin”)

 Mr. YAN Andrew Y(7)      Beneficial owner                                          20,000             0.00%
  (“Mr. Yan”)




20   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                                                       Other Information (Continued)




Notes:

(1)     The percentages are calculated based on our Company’s total number of issued shares, being 1,053,803,538 Shares, as
        at 30 November 2025.

(2)     These interests comprise: (i) 6,000,000 Shares that may be issued pursuant to an exercise of options granted to Mr. Yu
        under the 2019 Scheme; (ii) 510,000 underlying Shares for the share awards granted but not yet vested to Mr. Yu under
        the 2023 Scheme; (iii) 28,682,832 Shares held through Tigerstep; and (iv) 990,000 Shares held by Mr. Yu. Tigerstep
        is wholly owned by Mr. Yu. Through a trust arrangement, Mr. Yu, together with his family, holds beneficial interest in
        Tigerstep.


(3)     These interests comprise: (i) 20,000 underlying Shares for the share awards granted to but not yet vested to Ms. Sun
        under the 2025 Share Scheme; (ii) 10,000 underlying Shares for the share awards granted but not yet vested to Ms.
        Sun under the 2023 Scheme; (iii) 151,000 Shares held through First Bravo Asia Limited (“First Bravo”); and (iv) 20,000
        Shares held by Ms. Sun. First Bravo is wholly-owned by Ms. Sun. Under the SFO, Ms. Sun is deemed to be interested in
        all of First Bravo’s interests in our Company.

(4)     These interests comprise: (i) 2,000,000 Shares that may be issued pursuant to an exercise of options granted to Mr. Yin
        under the 2019 Scheme; (ii) 120,000 underlying Shares for the share awards granted to but not yet vested to Mr. Yin
        under the 2023 Scheme; and (iii) 480,000 Shares held by Mr. Yin.

(5)     These interests comprise 20,000 share awards granted to but not yet vested to Mr. Kwong under the 2025 Share
        Scheme.

(6)     These interests comprise 20,000 share awards granted to but not yet vested to Mr. Lin under the 2025 Share Scheme.

(7)     These interests comprise 20,000 share awards granted to but not yet vested to Mr. Yan under the 2025 Share Scheme.


Interest in our Controlling Shareholder

 Name of                                                                                        Total        Percentage of
 Director or                                                                                number of       shareholding in
 chief executive        Nature of interest                                                     shares        New Oriental(1)
 Mr. Yu(1)              Interest in a controlled corporation; beneficiary of a trust      199,634,550                  11.6%


Note:

(1)     According to the best knowledge of our Directors and publicly available information of New Oriental accessed as at the
        end of the Reporting Period (being the Form 20-F filed with the SEC on 25 September 2025), this interest represents:
        (i) 165,235,000 common shares held by Tigerstep, a company wholly-owned by Mr. Yu, and (ii) 3,439,955 ADSs (each
        representing ten underlying common shares), which consist of 3,315,054 ADSs held by Tigerstep and 124,901 ADSs
        held by Mr. Yu. The percentage is calculated based on New Oriental’s total number of common shares issued as of 15
        September 2025. Tigerstep is wholly owned by Mr. Yu. Through a trust arrangement, Mr. Yu, together with his family,
        holds beneficial interest in Tigerstep.




                                                                                                2026 INTERIM REPORT         21
Other Information (Continued)




Interest in our associated corporations (other than New Oriental)

                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                           Amount of       percentage of
                                                                                           registered     shareholding in
 Name of                                                                                       capital     the associated
 Director     Nature of interest             Associated corporation                             (RMB)         corporation
 Mr. Yu       Beneficial owner               Beijing Century Friendship Education           9,900,000                  99%
                                               Investment Co., Ltd.
                                               (“Century Friendship”)(1)
              Interest in a controlled       New Oriental Education & Technology           50,000,000                 100%
                corporation                    Group Co., Ltd.
                                               (“New Oriental China”)(1)
              Interest of controlled         Huoerguosi Oriental New Venture               50,000,000                  50%
                limited partnership            Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.)
                                               (“New Venture”)(2)


Notes:


(1)   Century Friendship and New Oriental China are controlled through a series of contractual arrangements by, and are
      therefore treated as subsidiaries of New Oriental. Mr. Yu holds a 99% equity interest in Century Friendship, which in
      turn, holds the entire equity interests in New Oriental China. New Oriental China holds a 100% equity interest in, and
      has entered into contractual arrangements with, Beijing New Oriental Xuncheng Network Technology Inc. Under the
      SFO, Mr. Yu is deemed to be interested in all of Century Friendship’s interests in New Oriental China.

(2)   New Venture is held by our Company as to more than 20%, and is held by New Oriental China as to 50%. Mr. Yu holds
      99% equity interest in Century Friendship, which in turn, holds the entire equity interests in New Oriental China. Under
      the SFO, Mr. Yu is deemed to be interested in all of New Oriental China’s interests in New Venture.




22    EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                                                  Other Information (Continued)




Substantial shareholders
As at 30 November 2025, as far as our Directors are aware, the following persons (other than our Directors and
the chief executive of our Company) had interests or short positions in our Shares or underlying Shares of our
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by our Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
All of the interests below represent long positions in shares. As far as our Directors are aware, none of the
persons listed below held any short positions in Shares.

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                   Number of            shareholding in
 Name of Shareholder                 Nature of interest                        ordinary shares           our Company(1)
 New Oriental                        Beneficial interest                           589,585,500                   55.95%


Note:

(1)     The percentages are calculated based on our Company’s total number of issued shares, being 1,053,803,538 Shares, as
        at 30 November 2025.


SHARE SCHEMES
Our Company has adopted four share schemes, the Pre-IPO Scheme (expired on 27 March 2025), the 2019
Scheme (terminated on 9 March 2023), the 2023 Scheme and the 2025 Share Scheme. See “Statutory and
general information” of Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further details of the Pre-IPO Scheme and the 2019
Scheme, the circular of our Company dated 21 February 2023 for further details of the 2023 Scheme.

No new Shares, representing approximately 0.00% of the weighted average of issued share capital of the
Company (excluding any treasury shares), may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted during
the Reporting Period to eligible participants pursuant to all Share Schemes.

Further details and relevant breakdowns of each of the 2019 Scheme and the 2023 Scheme are set out below:




                                                                                             2026 INTERIM REPORT        23
24                         2019 Scheme
                           The 2019 Scheme was terminated on 9 March 2023. The Company shall not grant any further options under the 2019 Scheme after its
                           termination. Any granted and unexercised options made under the 2019 Scheme before the termination shall continue to be valid and
                           exercisable in accordance with the terms of the grant and the 2019 Scheme rules.

                           Details of the movements of the options granted under the 2019 Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        closing price
EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of the Share
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Other Information (Continued)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        immediately
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          before the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              date of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             exercise
                                                                                                                                                                                           Outstanding     Exercised         Cancelled        Lapsed     Outstanding      during the
                                                                                                                                                                                Exercise          as of   during the        during the     during the           as of      Reporting
                            Name or category of                                                                                                            Exercise                price        1 June    Reporting         Reporting      Reporting    30 November            Period
                            grantee                      Role                    Date of grant        Vesting period                                        period                (HK$)           2025        Period            Period         Period           2025            (HK$)
                            Directors
                            Mr. Yu                       Executive Director,       15 November 2021   (1) One-third of the options to vest on the date     Ten years from           5.22     6,000,000           Nil               Nil            Nil       6,000,000            N/A
                                                           chief executive officer                    immediately before the first anniversary of the      the date of grant
                                                           and chairman of the                        date of grant;
                                                           Board

                            Mr. Yin                      Executive Director      15 November 2021     (2) One-third of the options to vest on the date Ten years from               5.22     2,000,000           Nil               Nil            Nil       2,000,000            N/A
                                                                                                      immediately before the first anniversary of the first the date of grant
                                                                                                      vesting date; and

                                                                                                      (3) One-third of the options to vest on the date
                                                                                                      immediately before the first anniversary of the
                                                                                                      second vesting date.

                            Other grantees in category
                            Employee participants (1)                            15 November 2021                                                          Ten years from           5.22    22,813,536    7,631,000                Nil            Nil     15,182,536           33.51
                                                                                                                                                           the date of grant

                            Total                                                                                                                                                           30,813,536    7,631,000                Nil            Nil     23,182,536
                                                                                Other Information (Continued)




Note:

(1)     Employee participants as defined under the Listing Rules and excluding Mr. Yu and Mr. Yin as disclosed above, on
        individual basis.


Further details of movements in the 2019 Scheme are set out in Note 20 to the consolidated financial
statements.


2023 Scheme
Maximum number of awards available for grant and new Shares available for issue under the
scheme mandate
Scheme mandate and sub-limit
The total number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to all awards to be granted under the 2023 Scheme
and awards to be granted under any other share schemes of the Company is initially set at 10% of the Shares
in issue as at the adoption date of the 2023 Scheme, being 101,351,871 Shares (the “Scheme Mandate”). The
total number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to all awards to be granted to Service Provider Participants
under the 2023 Scheme is initially set at up to 2% of the Scheme Mandate, being 2,027,037 Shares (the
“Service Provider Sublimit”).

As at 1 June 2025, 81,054,341 and 2,027,037 new Shares were available for issue under the Scheme Mandate
and the Service Provider Sublimit, respectively. During the Reporting Period, 10,000 new Shares were issued
pursuant to the 2023 Scheme. Therefore, as at 30 November 2025, 81,044,341 and 2,027,037 new Shares were
available for issue under the Scheme Mandate and the Service Provider Sublimit, respectively.

Number of Shares underlying awards available for grant
The aggregate number of Shares underlying all grants made or to be made pursuant to the 2023 Scheme was
101,351,871. As at 1 June 2025, 75,491,221 Shares were available for grant under the 2023 Scheme. During
the Reporting Period, no Shares underlying awards were granted under the 2023 Scheme, no share awards
had been cancelled and 49,980 share awards had lapsed. It follows that, as at 30 November 2025, there were
75,541,201 Shares available for grant under the 2023 Scheme.




                                                                                           2026 INTERIM REPORT       25
26                         Details of grants
                           Details of the movements of share awards granted under the 2023 Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                 Number of share awards
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Closing                 average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    price of the             closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Shares Fair value of Shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   immediately of the share immediately Performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     before the awards at before the targets of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         date of the date of      date of the share
EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   grant during grant during      vesting    awards
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Other Information (Continued)


                                                                                                                                        Unvested      Granted       Vested     Cancelled      Lapsed     Unvested            the         the   during the   granted
                                                                                                                                            as at   during the   during the   during the   during the     as at 30 Reporting Reporting Reporting during the
                            Name or category                                                                              Issue price     1 June    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    November          Period      Period       Period Reporting
                            of grantee       Role                    Date of grant      Vesting period                         (HK$)        2025        Period       Period       Period       Period        2025          (HK$)       (HK$)        (HK$)     Period
                            Directors
                            Mr. Yu              Executive Director, 11 April 2023       (a) 33% will vest on each                 Nil     510,000          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil     510,000         N/A          N/A          Nil         N/A
                                                  chief executive                       of the first and second
                                                  officer and chairman                  anniversary of the date of
                                                  of the Board                          grant; and (b) 34% will vest
                                                                                        on the third anniversary of the
                                                                                        date of grant

                            Mr. Yin             Executive Director   11 April 2023      A total vesting period of 3               Nil     120,000          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil     120,000         N/A          N/A          Nil         N/A
                                                                                        years from the date of grant(1)

                            Ms. Sun             Non-executive        28 November 2023 One-third of the share awards               Nil      20,000          Nil      10,000           Nil          Nil      10,000         N/A          N/A        18.92         N/A
                                                 Director                             shall vest on each anniversary
                                                                                      of the date of grant

                            Other grantees in
                             category
                            Employee                                 11 April 2023      A total vesting period of 3               Nil   4,913,120          Nil          Nil          Nil      49,980    4,863,140         N/A          N/A          Nil         N/A
                             Participants (2)                                           years from the date of grant(1)

                            Total                                                                                                       5,563,120          Nil      10,000           Nil      49,980    5,503,140
                                                                                    Other Information (Continued)




Notes:

(1)   a total vesting period of 3 years from the date of grant, and shall vest according to the following schedule: (i) between
      20% to 50% of the total share awards granted will vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant; (ii) between 20% to
      50% of the total share awards granted will vest on the second anniversary of the date of grant; and (iii) between 20%
      to 50% of the total share awards granted will vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant.

(2)   Employee Participants excluding Mr. Yu, Mr. Yin and Ms. Sun as disclosed above, on individual basis.


Further details of movements in the 2023 Scheme are set out in Note 20 to the consolidated financial
statements.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On 4 January 2026, a subsidiary of the Company, as tenant, and Metropolis Holding (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (都會
洪業(天津)有限公司) (“Metropolis Holding”, a subsidiary of Tigerstep), as landlord, entered into the Lease
Agreement, pursuant to which Metropolis Holding agreed to lease to the tenant Unit 101, 1st Floor, Euro Plaza,
No. 2, Haidian East Third Street, Haidian District, Beijing, PRC (the “Premises”) for a lease term of 60 months
commencing from 1 January 2026. In accordance with IFRS 16 Leases, the Group will recognize the lease of
the Premises under the Lease Agreement as right-of-use assets in its consolidated financial statements. The
aggregate value of the right-of-use assets to be recognised by the Group under the Lease Agreement amounts
to approximately RMB10 million. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 5
January 2026.

Save as disclosed above, no significant events affecting our Company have occurred since the end of the
Reporting Period to the date of this report.




                                                                                               2026 INTERIM REPORT         27
Other Information (Continued)




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
Our Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 7 February 2018 as an exempted company with
limited liability, and our Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 March 2019.

We are committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of our
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures and to enhance the
transparency and accountability of the Board to all shareholders of our Company. During the Reporting
Period, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate
Governance Code except for the following deviation: Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate
Governance Code, the roles of the chairman of the Board and the chief executive should be segregated and
should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and
chief executive should be clearly established and set out in writing. The Company does not have separate
chairman of the Board and chief executive officer, and Mr. YU Minhong, our executive Director, currently
performs these two roles (since his redesignation as an executive Director and appointment as chief executive
officer on 16 December 2023). The Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairman of the Board and
chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within the Group
and enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. The Board considers that the
balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure will enable
the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and
consider splitting the roles of chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company at a time
when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

We will continue to regularly review and monitor our corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the
Company.


OUR DIRECTORS’ COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
We have adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regulating our Directors’ dealings in our Company’s
securities. To the best of our Directors’ knowledge and belief, all our Directors confirm that they have complied
with the required standards set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Period.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
Our Board has established an Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the
Corporate Governance Code (as amended from time to time). The primary duties of the Audit Committee are
to review and supervise the financial reporting process and internal controls system (including risk management)
of our Group, to review and approve connected transactions (as defined in the Listing Rules) and to provide
advice and comments to the Board. The Audit Committee consists of three members: Mr. YAN Andrew Y (as
the Audit Committee’s chairperson), Mr. KWONG Wai Sun Wilson and Mr. LIN Zheying.

The Audit Committee, together with our external Auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, have reviewed our
Group’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 November 2025.
The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted
by our Company and internal control measures with senior management members.



28   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                                         Other Information (Continued)




OTHER BOARD COMMITTEES
In addition to our Audit Committee, our Company has also established the Nomination Committee and the
Remuneration Committee.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF OUR COMPANY’ S LISTED
SECURITIES
Neither our Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of our Company’s securities
listed on the Stock Exchange during the Reporting Period (including sale of treasury shares (as defined in the
Listing Rules)). As of 30 November 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares (as defined in the
Listing Rules).


MATERIAL LITIGATION
During the Reporting Period, our Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration; nor were
our Directors aware of any material litigation or claims that were pending or threatened against our Company
as at 30 November 2025.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
Our Board does not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the Reporting Period (six months
ended 30 November 2024: nil).


CHANGES IN THE INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
There is no information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the last
published annual report.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES, AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE
AND PROCESS AGENT

On 22 August 2025, Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie resigned as the company secretary of the Company,
an authorised representative of the Company under Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules (the “Authorised
Representative”) and the authorised representative to accept service of process or notice on behalf of the
Company in Hong Kong (the “Process Agent”) under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the
Laws of Hong Kong).

Ms. Song Jie and Ms. Ma Wing Yee (“Ms. Ma”) were appointed as the joint company secretaries of the
Company on 22 August 2025. Ms. Ma has also been appointed as the Authorised Representative and Process
Agent on the same day.




                                                                                   2026 INTERIM REPORT      29
Other Information (Continued)




NET PROCEEDS FROM SHARE SUBSCRIPTION
2020 Subscription
The 2020 Subscription was completed on 24 December 2020 and raised approximately HK$1.783 billion in
net proceeds. Subsequent to the 2020 Subscription, our Group had used the net proceeds from the 2020
Subscription in the manner and according to the intended uses set out in the circular of the Company dated 14
October 2020. On 21 January 2025, the Board has resolved to change the use of the remaining net proceeds as
at the same date to three years from 21 January 2025 and the Group had used the net proceeds in accordance
with the intended use as set out in the announcement of the Company dated 21 January 2025. The expected
timeline for utilisation above is based on the Group’s best estimation and is subject to change based on the
future development of market conditions.

The utilisation of the net proceeds for the six months ended 30 November 2025 are summarised as follows:

                                                                                             Utilised
                                                                                         during the
                                                                                         six months           Unutilised
                                                                      Unutilised              ended         amount as at
                                                                   amount as at       30 November          30 November
                                                                    1 June 2025                2025                2025
 HK$ million (1)
 Sales and marketing                                                        242.8                 1.0                241.8
 Technology infrastructure                                                    3.9                   –                  3.9
 Business related staff                                                      94.0                11.3                 82.7
 Working capital                                                            167.9                 0.1                167.8


 Total                                                                     508.6                 12.4               496.2

Notes:

(1)   The amounts “utilised during the six months ended 30 November 2025” are based on the exchange rate of
      HK$1.099:RMB1.

(2)   The figures presented in this table are approximations and subject to currency exchange rate fluctuation and rounding.




30    EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                        REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



To the Board of Directors of East Buy Holding Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of East Buy Holding Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 32 to 58, which
comprise the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of 30 November 2025 and the related
condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated
statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period
then ended, and certain explanatory notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a
report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International
Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these
condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a
conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other
purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the International
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements
consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying
analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance
that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do
not express an audit opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed
consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
28 January 2026




                                                                                      2026 INTERIM REPORT      31
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT
OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




                                                                        Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                             NOTES          (unaudited)      (unaudited)
 Revenue                                                       4             2,311,629          2,186,636
 Cost of revenue                                                            (1,469,990)        (1,451,493)


 Gross profit                                                                 841,639             735,143
 Other income, gains and losses                                6               53,312             113,908
 Impairment losses recognised under expected
   credit loss model, net of reversal                          16               (7,621)                 –
 Selling and marketing expenses                                               (439,486)          (459,304)
 Research and development expenses                                             (53,720)           (68,000)
 Administrative expenses                                                       (83,904)          (391,916)
 Share of results of associates                                                   (797)              (615)
 Finance costs                                                                    (897)            (1,697)


 Profit/(Loss) before tax                                                     308,526             (72,481)
 Income tax expense                                            7              (69,485)            (24,022)


 Profit/(Loss) and total comprehensive
   income/(expense) for the period                             8              239,041             (96,503)


 Profit/(Loss) and total comprehensive income/(expense)
   for the period attributable to owners of the Company                       238,966             (96,799)


 Profit and total comprehensive income for the period
   attributable to non-controlling interests                                        75                296


                                                                              239,041             (96,503)


 Earnings/(Loss) per share
   – Basic (RMB)                                               9                  0.23              (0.09)
   – Diluted (RMB)                                             9                  0.22              (0.09)


The consolidated financial statements on pages 32 to 58 were approved and authorised for issue by the board
of directors of the Company (the “Directors”) on 28 January 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                     Yu Minhong                                            Yin Qiang
                       Director                                             Director




32   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                           FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                              AT 30 NOVEMBER 2025



                                                                  30 November            31 May
                                                                          2025             2025
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                          NOTES     (unaudited)        (audited)
Non-current Assets
 Property and equipment                                                 23,966           31,639
 Right-of-use assets                                                    37,449           53,298
 Interests in associates                                   12           71,753           72,550
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     11           11,700           88,187
 Deposits for acquisition of property and equipment                      2,089            2,094
 Refundable rental deposits                                              6,012            9,115
 Deferred tax assets                                                     6,077           16,416
 Term deposits                                             15          181,097           60,269

                                                                       340,143          333,568

Current Assets
  Inventories                                              13          357,598           308,565
  Trade and other receivables                              14          184,317           189,691
  Prepayments                                                           98,040           121,339
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    11        2,444,535         1,957,486
  Term deposits                                            15        1,680,742           560,763
  Restricted bank deposits                                 15          124,538           121,562
  Cash and cash equivalents                                15        1,183,515         2,499,539

                                                                     6,073,285         5,758,945

Current Liabilities
  Lease liabilities                                                     28,366           32,764
  Contract liabilities                                     17           57,772           52,315
  Refund liabilities                                                     5,916            3,902
  Trade payables                                           18          498,233          432,695
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                  326,880          374,546
  Income tax payables                                                   68,584           58,329

                                                                       985,751          954,551

Net Current Assets                                                   5,087,534         4,804,394

Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                5,427,677         5,137,962

Capital and Reserves
  Share capital                                            19              136               135
  Reserves                                                           5,419,230         5,116,962

  Equity attributable to owners of the Company                       5,419,366         5,117,097
  Non-controlling interests                                                936               861

Total equity                                                         5,420,302         5,117,958

Non-current Liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                1,406            1,990
 Lease liabilities                                                       5,969           18,014

                                                                         7,375           20,004

Net Assets                                                           5,420,302         5,117,958


                                                                         2026 INTERIM REPORT   33
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                       Share-
                                                                                                       based               Accumulated                   Non-
                                           Share        Share    Treasury Statutory Translation payments          Other        (losses)            controlling
                                          capital    premium       Shares reserve(i)      reserve     reserve reserves(ii)       profit    Subtotal interests       Total
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                      RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000
  At 1 June 2024 (audited)                   133 4,503,904              –     120,974           –     309,885    (140,767)     175,087 4,969,216          405 4,969,621
  (Loss) /Profit and total
    comprehensive (expense)/
    income for the period                       –           –           –           –           –           –           –       (96,799)    (96,799)      296     (96,503)
  Recognition of equity-settled
    share-based payments                        –           –           –           –           –      92,464           –             –      92,464          –     92,464
  Exercise of share options (Note 19)           1     103,192           –           –           –     (30,968)          –             –      72,225          –     72,225
  Vest of share awards (Note 19)                –         276           –           –           –        (276)          –             –           –          –          –
  Repurchase of shares (Note 19)                –     (90,122)         (1)          –           –           –           –             –     (90,123)         –    (90,123)
  Cancellation of shares repurchased           (1)          –           1           –           –           –           –             –           –          –          –


  Changes in equity for the period              –      13,346           –           –           –      61,220           –       (96,799)    (22,233)      296     (21,937)


  At 30 November 2024 (unaudited)            133 4,517,250              –     120,974           –     371,105    (140,767)      78,288 4,946,983          701 4,947,684


  At 1 June 2025 (audited)                   135 4,702,479              –    122,476            –    253,454     (140,767)     179,320 5,117,097          861 5,117,958
  Profit and total comprehensive
    income for the period                       –           –           –           –           –           –           –      238,966     238,966         75    239,041
  Recognition of equity-settled
    share-based payments                       –           –            –           –           –      27,006           –             –     27,006           –    27,006
  Exercise of share options (Note 19)          1      55,039            –           –           –     (18,743)          –             –     36,297           –    36,297
  Vest of share awards (Note 19)               –         276            –           –           –        (276)          –             –          –           –         –


  Changes in equity for the period             1      55,315            –           –           –      7,987            –      238,966     302,269         75    302,344


  At 30 November 2025 (unaudited)            136 4,757,794              –    122,476            –    261,441     (140,767)     418,286 5,419,366          936 5,420,302

Notes:

(i)     In accordance with the articles of association of all subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic of China (the
        “PRC”), the PRC subsidiaries are required to set aside 10% of their profit after tax as per statutory financial statements
        determined under the PRC laws and regulations for the statutory surplus reserve fund until the reserve reaches 50% of
        their registered capital. Transfer to this reserve must be made before distributing dividends to equity owners of the
        subsidiaries. The statutory reserve can be used to make up previous years’ losses, expand the existing operations or
        convert into additional capital of the respective subsidiaries.

(ii)    Other reserves represent (a) the difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and
        the consideration to acquire additional interests in subsidiaries; and (b) the difference between the capital contribution
        from non-controlling interests and its respective share of the carrying amounts of the net assets of a subsidiary.




34      EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                                   OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                   FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




                                                                           Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                               (unaudited)      (unaudited)
NET CASH GENERATED FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES                           278,558           (170,068)


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from disposal of wealth management products                           795,480          1,243,129
  Purchases of financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                                   (1,255,484)       (1,728,198)
  Proceeds on disposal of financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss                                                                 84,889                 –
  Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                      129             1,978
  Interest received from term deposits                                              5,884             8,572
  Purchase of property and equipment                                                 (539)          (23,408)
  Refund of rental deposits                                                           182             4,734
  Placement of term deposits                                                   (1,492,996)         (518,752)
  Withdrawal of term deposits                                                     257,686           235,447
  Proceeds on disposal of subsidiaries                                                  –           418,286
  Payments for rental deposits                                                          –            (4,184)


NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                          (1,604,769)         (362,396)


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from issuance of shares upon exercise of share options                  36,393            71,988
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                                  (17,521)          (17,324)
  Payment on repurchase of ordinary shares                                              –           (90,123)


NET CASH GENERATED FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES                            18,872            (35,459)


NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                      (1,307,339)         (567,923)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 1 JUNE                                             2,499,539         2,262,464
Effect of exchange rate changes                                                    (8,685)           11,162


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 30 NOVEMBER                                        1,183,515         1,705,703




                                                                                   2026 INTERIM REPORT    35
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




1. GENERAL INFORMATION
     East Buy Holding Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with limited
     liability in the Cayman Islands on 7 February 2018 under the Companies law, Cap 22 (law 3 of 1961, as
     consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. (“New
     Oriental Group”) is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Company and its
     subsidiaries (the “Group”) are operating livestreaming e-commerce business for sales of private label
     products to individual customers and provision of commission services.

     The shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from 28 March 2019.

     The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the
     functional currency of the Company.


2. BASIS OF PREPARATION
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
     Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards
     Board (the “IASB”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of
     Securities on The Stock Exchange.


3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except
     for certain financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

     Other than changes in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to IFRS Accounting
     Standards, the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated
     financial statements for the six months ended 30 November 2025 are the same as those presented in the
     Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 May 2025.




36   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Application of new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
   In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to a IFRS Accounting
   Standard issued by the IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual
   period beginning on or after 1 June 2025 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated
   financial statements:

   Amendments to IAS 21             Lack of Exchangeability

   The application of the amendments to the IFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had
   no material impact on the Group’s financial position and performance for the current and prior periods
   and/or on the disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.


4. REVENUE
   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                      Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)      (unaudited)
    Timing of revenue recognition
    At a point in time                                                     2,281,984           2,161,058
    Over time                                                                 29,645              25,578


    Total                                                                  2,311,629           2,186,636


    Type of revenue
    Sales of products                                                      1,951,623           1,652,389
    Service revenue and others                                               360,006             534,247


    Total                                                                  2,311,629           2,186,636


   All revenues of the Group were generated from sales of products, livestreaming e-commerce and other
   related services.

   There were no adjustments or eliminations between the revenue from contracts with customers and the
   amount disclosed in the segment information.




                                                                               2026 INTERIM REPORT     37
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




5. SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Information reported to the executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker (the “CODM”),
     for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of
     goods or services provided. The Directors consider there is only one operating segment under the
     requirements of IFRS 8.

     The Company is domiciled in the PRC and all of the Group’s revenues were generated from external
     customers in the PRC. The Group’s non-current assets are all located in the PRC. Therefore, no
     geographical information is presented.

     No service or product provided to a single customer exceeds 10% or more of the total revenue of the
     Group for the period ended 30 November 2025 (Six months ended 30 November 2024: Nil).


6. OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                       Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                           (unaudited)      (unaudited)
      Interest income                                                          38,371             42,545
      Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                  27,234             20,651
      Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                             8,402                  –
      Government grants                                                         3,890              2,257
      Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                              –             (7,566)
      VAT input deduction and exemption                                             –             29,868
      Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                        (26,569)            24,293
      Others                                                                    1,984              1,860


                                                                               53,312            113,908




38   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




7. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                          Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                              (unaudited)      (unaudited)
   Current tax:
     PRC enterprise income tax                                                    59,730               13,933
   Deferred tax                                                                    9,755               10,089


                                                                                  69,485               24,022


  The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands. It is tax exempted under the tax laws of the
  Cayman Islands, as no business is carried out in the Cayman Islands. There was no material change of tax
  status of the Group during the six months ended 30 November 2025. Applicable tax rates of the Group’s
  major subsidiaries are as follows.

  Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime of Hong Kong, the first HK$2 million of profits of the
  qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The
  profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed
  at a flat rate of 16.5%.

  Under the law of the PRC on enterprise income tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulation of the
  EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% during the six months ended 30 November 2025 (six
  months ended 30 November 2024: 25%).




                                                                                   2026 INTERIM REPORT       39
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




7. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
     The Group’s subsidiaries operating in the PRC are eligible for certain tax concessions. Under the EIT
     Law effective on 1 January 2008, the “High and New Technology Enterprise” (the “HNTE”) status is
     valid for three years and qualifying entities can reapply for an additional three years provided their
     business operations continue to qualify for the HNTE status. In 2023, Beijing New Oriental Xuncheng
     Network Technology Inc.(“Beijing Xuncheng”) renewed the certificate of the HNTE status and enjoyed
     the preferential tax rate of 15% from calendar year 2023 to 2025. In 2023, Dexin Dongfang renewed the
     HNTE status and enjoyed the preferential tax rate of 15% from calendar year 2023 to 2025. However,
     considering Beijing Xuncheng may not be qualified for HNTE as it fails to meet the revenue requirements
     for the HNTE, the Group considered that it may be appropriate for Beijing Xuncheng to use the statutory
     tax rate of 25% for the period ended 30 November 2025.

     According to the EIT Law, qualified research and development expenses can be deducted at 175% of such
     expenses for income tax deduction purposes upon approval from the relevant tax authority. The State
     Taxation Administration of the PRC announced in September 2022 that enterprises that currently apply
     175% deduction in qualified research and development expenses would be entitled to claim 200% of their
     qualified research and development expenses as super deduction from 1 October 2022 to 31 December
     2022, and the implementation period was indefinitely extended as announced in March 2023.

     The Group’s subsidiaries operating in Hainan and Zhuhai are eligible for local tax concessions. According
     to the local tax policies, Hainan Haiyue Dongfang Network Technology Co., Ltd., Zhuhai Chongsheng
     Heli Network Technology Co., Ltd., subsidiaries of the Group, meet the relevant criteria and can enjoy
     a preferential tax rate of 15% during the six months ended 30 November 2025 (six months ended 30
     November 2024: 15%).


8. PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD
     Profit/(Loss) for the period has been arrived at after charging the following items:

                                                                             Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)      (unaudited)
      Depreciation of property and equipment                                          8,444             7,068
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            16,030            16,937
      Cost of sales of products                                                   1,117,531         1,060,120
      Share-based payment expenses                                                   27,006            92,464




40   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




9. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
  The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share attributable to owners of the Company is
  based on the following data:

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)      (unaudited)
      Earnings/(Loss):
      Earnings/(Loss) for the period attributable to owners
        of the Company                                                                   238,966                 (96,799)


  Number of shares:

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                     (unaudited)      (unaudited)
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
        of basic earnings/(loss) per share                                        1,048,454,287          1,032,195,755
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
        Share options and share awards                                                24,761,060                       –*


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
       of diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                       1,073,215,347          1,032,195,755


  *      The computation of diluted loss per share for the six months ended 30 November 2024 did not assume the
         exercise of the share options and vest of the share awards since their assumed exercise and vest would result in a
         decrease in loss per share. Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the six months ended 30 November 2024 is the
         same as basic loss per share of the period.




                                                                                            2026 INTERIM REPORT         41
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




10. DIVIDENDS
     No dividends were paid, declared or proposed during the six months ended 30 November 2025 (six
     months ended 30 November 2024: nil). The Directors have determined that no dividend will be paid in
     respect of the six months ended 30 November 2025 (six months ended 30 November 2024: nil).


11. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                  30 November                  31 May
                                                                                          2025                   2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)              (audited)
      Non-current assets
      Financial assets at FVTPL
        – unlisted equity investments(a)                                                 11,700                88,187


      Current assets
      Financial assets at FVTPL
        – wealth management products(b)                                               2,444,535             1,957,486


     (a)   The unlisted equity investment as at 30 November 2025 is the Group’s investments in ordinary shares with
           preferential rights of East Buy (Henan) Food Technology Co., Ltd. (“Henan Oriental”) incorporated in the PRC.

           During the six months ended 30 November 2025, the Group disposed of its investment in preferred shares of
           EEO Education Technology Co., Ltd. (“EEO Group”) incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to a share
           agreement between the Group and EEO Group, EEO Group repurchased all of the preferred shares held by the
           Group at a total consideration of USD11,951,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB84,958,000).

           During the six months ended 30 November 2025, the Group made sales of products to, and purchases of
           products from Henan Oriental amounting to RMB8,017,000 and RMB40,542,000 respectively (six months
           ended 30 November 2024: RMB13,794,000 and RMB40,552,000, respectively). During the six months ended 30
           November 2025, the Group did not make any sales or purchases from EEO (six months ended 30 November
           2024: nil).

     (b)   Wealth management products are purchased from various banks with expected rates of return ranging from 1.22%
           to 3.68% (31 May 2025: 1.30% to 4.30%) per annum, and maturity periods ranging from 1 day to 432 days (31
           May 2025: 1 day to 370 days) as at 30 November 2025. The principals and returns of these wealth management
           products are not guaranteed.




42   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




12. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                              30 November             31 May
                                                                      2025              2025
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                (unaudited)         (audited)
   Cost of investment in associates                                 69,672            69,672
   Share of results and other comprehensive income                   2,081             2,878


                                                                    71,753            72,550


13. INVENTORIES
                                                              30 November             31 May
                                                                      2025              2025
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                (unaudited)         (audited)
   Products                                                        323,805           280,824
   Products in transit                                              33,793            27,741


                                                                   357,598           308,565


14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                              30 November             31 May
                                                                      2025              2025
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                (unaudited)         (audited)
   Trade and note receivables                                       23,856            36,168
   Less: allowance for credit losses                                16,359             8,738


                                                                      7,497           27,430


   Other receivables
    Receivables from third-party payment platforms                 114,086            94,957
    Others                                                          62,734            67,304


   Trade and other receivables                                     184,317           189,691




                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT   43
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
     The following is an analysis of trade receivables by age, presented based on the invoice date, net of
     allowance for credit losses:

                                                                           30 November               31 May
                                                                                   2025                2025
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)           (audited)
      1 – 90 days                                                                  1,090               7,040
      91 – 180 days                                                                  448               2,196
      181 days – 365 days                                                            512                 251
      over 365 days                                                                5,447              17,943


                                                                                   7,497              27,430


15. C A S H A N D C A S H E Q U I V A L E N T S , T E R M D E P O S I T S A N D
    RESTRICTED CASH
     Cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and short term deposits with an original maturity of
     three months or less for the purpose of meeting the Group’s short term cash commitments, which carry
     interest at market rates ranging from 0.00% to 1.10% (31 May 2025: 0.00% to 4.37%) per annum as at 30
     November 2025.


     Restricted cash
     Restricted cash represents cash received from consumers and deposited in a designated bank account
     reserved for payments to merchants. As at 30 November 2025, such balances carry interest at a fixed rate
     of 0.2% (31 May 2025: 0.2%) per annum.


     Term deposits
     Term deposits represent fixed term deposits with commercial banks with an original maturity of over three
     months. As at 30 November 2025, term deposits carry interest at fixed rates ranging from 1.75% to 4.45%
     (31 May 2025: 2.15% to 4.50%) per annum.




44   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                            FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




16. IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON FINANCIAL ASSETS SUBJECT TO
    EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF REVERSAL
                                                                     Six months ended 30 November
                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                         (unaudited)      (unaudited)
   Impairment loss recognised in respect of:
     Trade receivables                                                         7,621                  –


  The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques used in the condensed
  consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 November 2025 are generally the same as
  those followed in the preparation of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 May
  2025.


17. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                      30 November                31 May
                                                                              2025                 2025
                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)            (audited)
   Contract liabilities in relation to:
    Membership fees                                                          23,948              23,623
    Customers for advertising service                                        11,847              13,134
    Membership points                                                        10,345               9,212
    Customers for livestreaming e-commerce service                            4,720               4,535
    Others                                                                    6,912               1,811


                                                                             57,772              52,315




                                                                              2026 INTERIM REPORT     45
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




17. CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
     The following table shows the unsatisfied contracts at the end of the reporting period and the expected
     timing of recognising revenue.

                                                                            30 November              31 May
                                                                                    2025               2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                              (unaudited)          (audited)
      Expected to be recognised within one year
        Membership fees                                                            23,948            23,623
        Customers for advertising service                                          11,847            13,134
        Membership points                                                          10,345             9,212
        Customers for livestreaming e-commerce service                              4,720             4,535
        Others                                                                      6,912             1,811


      Total                                                                        57,772            52,315


18. TRADE PAYABLES
     The following is an analysis of trade payables by age, presented based on the invoice date.

                                                                            30 November              31 May
                                                                                    2025               2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                              (unaudited)          (audited)
      1 – 90 days                                                                427,141            364,924
      91 – 180 days                                                               23,522             36,348
      181 days – 1 year                                                           28,797             12,082
      1 year – 2 years                                                            14,496             18,598
      > 2 years                                                                    4,277                743


                                                                                 498,233            432,695


     Included in trade payables, RMB16,928,000 as at 30 November 2025 (31 May 2025: RMB13,558,000) were
     amounts due to related parties (details as set out in Note 22), among which RMB13,921,000 (31 May 2025:
     RMB10,348,000) were aged 1-90 days, RMB nil (31 May 2025: RMB nil) were aged 91-180 days, RMB nil
     (31 May 2025: RMB1,000) were aged 181 days – 1 year, RMB743,000 (31 May 2025: RMB2,544,000) were
     aged 1 year – 2 years, RMB2,264,000 (31 May 2025: RMB665,000) were aged over 2 years based on the
     invoice date.




46   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




19. SHARE CAPITAL
  Details of the movements of share capital of the Company are as follows:

                                              Number of
                                                ordinary         Par value per
      Issued and fully paid                       shares         ordinary share                   Share capital
                                                                  US$                RMB       US$’000          RMB’000
      At 1 June 2024                       1,031,251,556                                            20             133
      Exercise of share options(a)            10,124,622        0.00002           0.00014           –*               1
      Vest of share awards(b)                     10,000        0.00002           0.00014           –*             –**
      Share repurchased and cancelled(c)      (5,883,000)       0.00002           0.00014           –*              (1)


      At 30 November 2024 (unaudited)      1,035,503,178                                            20             133


      At 1 June 2025                       1,046,162,538                                            21             135
      Exercise of share options(a)             7,631,000       0.00002            0.00014           –*                1
      Vest of share awards(b)                     10,000       0.00002            0.00014           –*              –**
      Share repurchased and cancelled(c)               –       0.00002            0.00014            –                –


      At 30 November 2025 (unaudited)      1,053,803,538                                            21             136


  *       less than US$1,000.

  **      less than RMB1,000.

  (a)     As a result of exercise of share options, 7,631,000 ordinary shares were issued by the Company during the six
          months ended 30 November 2025 (six months ended 30 November 2024: 10,124,622 ordinary shares). Upon the
          exercise of share options, RMB55,039,000 (six months ended 30 November 2024: RMB103,192,000) was credited
          to share premium and RMB18,743,000 (six months ended 30 November 2024: RMB30,968,000) was debited to
          share-based payments reserve.

  (b)     In the current year, 10,000 share awards (six months ended 30 November 2024: 10,000 share awards) were
          vested. When share awards were vested, RMB276,000 (six months ended 30 November 2024: RMB276,000) was
          credited to share premium and RMB276,000 (six months ended 30 November 2024: RMB276,000) was debited to
          share-based payments reserve during the current year.

  (c)     During the six months ended 30 November 2025, the Company did not repurchase any of its own ordinary
          shares through the Stock Exchange. During the six months ended 30 November 2024, the Company repurchased
          5,883,000 of its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange with an aggregate consideration of
          RMB90,123,000. All above shares were cancelled during the period upon repurchase.




                                                                                            2026 INTERIM REPORT      47
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
     The table below sets forth share-based payments for share options and share awards:

                                                                        Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                            (unaudited)      (unaudited)
      Share options                                                                  –              7,913
      Share awards                                                              27,006             84,551


                                                                                27,006             92,464


     Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
     On 13 July 2018, the Directors approved an employee’s share option plan (the “Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme”) for the purpose of providing incentives to directors and eligible employees. The options have
     expired on 28 March 2025.

     The table below discloses movement of the Company’s share options under the Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme during the six months ended 30 November 2024:

                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                            share options
      Outstanding and exercisable as at 1 June 2024                                            25,940,885
      Exercised during the period                                                              (7,230,500)


      Outstanding and exercisable as at 30 November 2024 (unaudited)                           18,710,385


     The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares at the dates on which the options were
     exercised was HK$23.75 (equivalent to approximately RMB21.63) during the six months ended 30
     November 2024.




48   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
   On 30 January 2019, the Directors approved an employee’s share option plan (the “Post-IPO Share
   Option Scheme”) for the purpose of providing incentives to directors and eligible employees.

   On 15 November 2021, the Company granted 48,441,590 options for the purpose of providing incentives
   to directors and employees, pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. For the share options
   granted, one third vested on the first anniversary of the grant date, one third vested on the second
   anniversary of the grant date, one third vested on the third anniversary of the grant date. The options will
   expire on 15 November 2031.

   The table below discloses movement of the Company’s share options under the Post-IPO Share Option
   Scheme:

                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                               share options
    Outstanding as at 1 June 2024                                                                 34,483,946
     Forfeited during the period                                                                    (120,177)
     Exercised during the period                                                                  (2,894,122)


    Outstanding as at 30 November 2024 (unaudited)                                                31,469,647


    Outstanding as at 1 June 2025                                                                30,813,536
     Forfeited during the period                                                                          –
     Exercised during the period                                                                 (7,631,000)


    Outstanding as at 30 November 2025 (unaudited)                                               23,182,536


    Exercisable as at 31 May 2025                                                                30,813,536


    Exercisable as at 30 November 2025 (unaudited)                                               23,182,536




                                                                                   2026 INTERIM REPORT      49
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
     Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)
     The Group recognised total expense of RMB nil during the six months ended 30 November 2025 in
     relation to share options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (six months ended 30
     November 2024: RMB7,913,000).

     The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares at the dates on which the options
     were exercised was HK$29.50 (equivalent to approximately RMB26.88) during the six months ended
     30 November 2025 (six months ended 30 November 2024: HK$22.52 (equivalent to approximately
     RMB20.51)).


     2023 Scheme
     On 20 February 2023, the Directors approved a new post-IPO share scheme (the “2023 Scheme”). The
     issue price of each share underlying the share awards upon vesting is nil. Each grant has a total vesting
     period of 3 years from the date of grant, and shall vest according to the following schedule upon certain
     performance conditions are met:

     (1)   between 20% and 50% of the total share awards granted will vest on the first anniversary of the date
           of grant;

     (2)   between 20% and 50% of the total share awards granted will vest on the second anniversary of the
           date of grant; and

     (3)   between 20% and 50% of the total share awards granted will vest on the third anniversary of the
           date of grant.

     On 11 April 2023, pursuant to the 2023 Scheme the Company granted 30,459,000 share awards to 154
     individuals including certain directors for the purpose of providing incentives to them. The fair value
     of the share awards granted was RMB775,132,000 based on the fair value of the ordinary shares of the
     Company on the date of grant.

     On 28 November 2023, the Directors announced to grant 30,000 share awards to a non-executive director
     pursuant to the 2023 Scheme. The fair value of the share awards granted was RMB829,000 based on the
     fair value of the ordinary shares of the Company on the date of grant.




50   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   2023 Scheme (Continued)
   The movement of share awards granted under the 2023 Scheme is summarised as follows:

                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                          share awards
    Outstanding as at 1 June 2024                                                           17,646,330
     Forfeited during the period                                                            (3,926,070)
     Vested during the period                                                                  (10,000)


    Outstanding as at 30 November 2024 (unaudited)                                          13,710,260


                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                          share awards
    Outstanding as at 1 June 2025                                                           5,563,120
     Forfeited during the period                                                              (49,980)
     Vested during the period                                                                 (10,000)


    Outstanding as at 30 November 2025 (unaudited)                                          5,503,140


   The Group recognised total expense of RMB21,310,000 during the six months ended 30 November 2025
   (six months ended 30 November 2024: RMB84,551,000) in relation to the share awards granted under
   2023 Scheme of the Company.




                                                                            2026 INTERIM REPORT      51
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
     2025 Scheme
     During the year ended 31 May 2025, the Company repurchased 1,780,000 shares on the Stock
     Exchange through a trust for an aggregate consideration of HK$21,782,000 (equivalent to approximately
     RMB20,236,000), with transaction costs of approximately RMB31,000 incurred. These shares were
     subsequently granted to five individuals, comprising four directors and one employee.

     On 11 April 2025, the Company granted 1,780,000 share awards to 5 individuals, including four directors
     and one employee. 2025 Scheme stipulates that four independent non-executive directors will be granted
     20,000 share awards each year over the next three years and the employee was granted 1,700,000 share
     awards, which will vest over three years. The fair value of the share awards granted was RMB18,790,000
     based on the fair value of the ordinary shares of the Company on the date of grant.

     The movements of share awards of the 2025 Scheme are summarised as follows:

                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                             share awards
      Outstanding as at 1 June 2025                                                             1,780,000
       Forfeited during the period                                                                      –
       Vested during the period                                                                         –


      Outstanding as at 30 November 2025 (unaudited)                                            1,780,000


     The Group recognised total expense of RMB5,696,000 during the six months ended 30 November 2025
     (six months ended 30 November 2024: Nil) in relation to the share awards granted under 2025 Scheme of
     the Company.




52   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on
  a recurring basis
  Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
  following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
  particular, the valuation techniques and inputs used) as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
  which the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs
  to the fair value measurements is observable.

  Fair value hierarchy as at 30 November 2025 (unaudited)

                                                                  Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
   Financial assets at FVTPL
     Unlisted equity investments                                         –          11,700          11,700

   Financial assets at FVTPL
     Wealth management products                                 2,444,535                 –      2,444,535


  Fair value hierarchy as at 31 May 2025 (audited)

                                                                  Level 2          Level 3          Total
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
  Financial assets at FVTPL
    Unlisted equity investments                                          –          88,187          88,187

  Financial assets at FVTPL
    Wealth management products                                  1,957,486                 –      1,957,486




                                                                                 2026 INTERIM REPORT      53
54                         21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
                             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                             (Continued)

                                                                                                Fair value
                              Financial assets                         Fair value as at         hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)        Significant unobservable input(s)
                                                                30 November           31 May
                                                                        2025            2025
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)       (audited)
EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED


                              Wealth management products           2,444,535       1,957,486    Level 2      Discounted cash flow – future cash flows        N/A
                               issued by banks classified as                                                   are estimated based on contractual terms
                               financial assets at FVTPL                                                       of the wealth management products and
                                                                                                               discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




                                                                                                               risk of the counterparties.

                              Unlisted equity investments             11,700          11,700    Level 3      Income approach – discounted cash flow      As at 30 Nov 2025 and 31 May 2025: WACC determined using a
                               classified as financial assets                                                  method was used to capture the present      Capital Asset Pricing Model is 16% (Note).
                               at FVTPL- 30% equity                                                            value of the expected future economic
                               investment in Henan Oriental                                                    benefits to be derived from the ownership As at 30 Nov 2025 and 31 May 2025: Long term revenue growth rates,
                               which is engaged in meat                                                        of this investee, based on an appropriate   taking into account management’s experience and knowledge of
                               processing industry                                                             WACC.                                       market conditions of the specific industries of 2.0% (Note).

                                                                                                                                                            As at 30 Nov 2025 and 31 May 2025: Discount for lack of
                                                                                                                                                              marketability, determined by reference to the share price of listed
                                                                                                                                                              entities in similar industries is 24% (Note).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                      21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
                        Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                        (Continued)
                                                                                           Fair value
                         Financial assets                         Fair value as at         hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)       Significant unobservable input(s)
                                                           30 November           31 May
                                                                   2025            2025
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                             (unaudited)       (audited)
                         Unlisted equity investments                   –         76,487    Level 3      As at 31 May 2025: Market approach –          As at 31 May 2025: Discount for lack of marketability is 20% (Note).
                          classified as financial assets                                                  Fair value is estimated based on value
                          at FVTPL-5.61% equity                                                           of comparable listed companies and
                          investment in EEO which                                                         discounted for lack of marketability due
                          engaged in development of                                                       to the impracticality in making long-term
                          computer platforms used in                                                      financial projections with uncertainties.
                          online education services

                        Note: The directors of the Company consider that any reasonable changes in the significant unobservable inputs would not result in a significant
                              change in the Group’s results. Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis is presented.




2026 INTERIM REPORT



55
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)

     Fair value of the Group’ s financial assets that are measured at fair value on
     a recurring basis (Continued)
     The following table represents the reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurements of unlisted equity
     investments during the six months ended 30 November 2025 and 2024.

                                                                           Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                               (unaudited)      (unaudited)
      At the beginning of the period                                               88,187              94,889
        Disposal of EEO                                                           (76,487)                  –
        Changes in fair value                                                           –              (2,430)


      At the end of the period                                                     11,700              92,459


     Fair value of the Group ’ s financial assets and liabilities that are not
     measured at fair value on a recurring basis
     The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities at amortised
     cost recognised in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




56   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  During the interim period, the Group entered into the following transactions with related parties:

                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                                 30 November
                               Relationships                Nature of transactions                2025            2024
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)      (unaudited)
   New Oriental Group          Controlling shareholder of   Trade sales                        21,567           23,098
                                 the Company                Trade purchases                     1,272                8

   Metropolis Holding          A company wholly owned       Interest expenses on lease             35               86
    (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.          by the Chairman of the        liabilities
    (“Metropolis Holding”)       Company                    Management fee expenses               104              102
                                                            Trade purchases                         8                3

   Henan Oriental              Associate of the Group       Trade sales                         8,017           13,794
                                                            Trade purchases                    40,542           40,552


  The following balances represent outstanding balance with related parties at the end of the reporting
  period:

                                                                                 30 November                  31 May
                             Nature of balance                                           2025                   2025
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)              (audited)
   New Oriental Group        Trade and other receivables                                 23,357                36,624
                             Prepayments                                                    476                   515
                             Trade payables                                               3,012                 3,210
                             Accrued expenses and other payables                         72,066                74,555
                             Contract liabilities                                         1,457                     –

   Metropolis Holding        Lease liabilities                                             801                  2,019
                             Trade and other receivables                                   700                    687
                             Accrued expenses and other payables                             –                    181

   Henan Oriental            Trade and other receivables                                      1                    32
                             Trade payables                                              13,916                10,348
                             Contract liabilities                                         4,055                     –




                                                                                         2026 INTERIM REPORT         57
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 NOVEMBER 2025




22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     Compensation of key management personnel
     The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the six months ended 30
     November 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                        Six months ended 30 November
                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                            (unaudited)      (unaudited)
      Short-term benefits                                                          588                972
      Retirement benefits                                                           26                 24
      Equity-settled share-based expense                                         2,856              8,796


                                                                                 3,470              9,792


     The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the Directors having regard to the
     performance of individuals and market trends.


23. EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
     The Group has no significant event took place subsequent to the end of the reporting period that needs
     to be disclosed.




58   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                                               DEFINITIONS



“2019 Scheme”                the post-IPO share option scheme of the Company adopted in January 2019,
                             the terms of which are summarised in Appendix IV to the Prospectus

“2020 Subscription”          the subscription of an aggregate of 59,432,000 Shares by the Subscribers for
                             a subscription price of HK$30.00 per subscription share, which was completed
                             on 24 December 2020, the further details of which are contained in the
                             Company’s circular dated 14 October 2020

“2023 Scheme”                the share incentive scheme of the Company adopted on 9 March 2023, a
                             summary of the principal terms of which is set out in the Company’s circular
                             dated 21 February 2023

“2025 Share Scheme”          share incentive scheme of the Company adopted on 24 March 2025, funded
                             by the shares acquired through on-market purchase

“Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA)”   Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) (or earnings/(loss) before interest, taxes,
                             depreciation, and amortisation) represents profit/(loss) for the period plus
                             income tax expenses, share-based compensation expenses, finance costs,
                             impairment losses recognised under expected credit loss model, net,
                             depreciation of property and equipment, depreciation of right-of-use assets,
                             less other income, gains and losses for the period

“Adjusted Profit/(Loss)”     Adjusted Profit/(Loss) for the period represents profit/(loss) for the period
                             less loss on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL (non-current) and
                             gain on disposal of a financial asset at FVTPL (non-current), plus share-based
                             compensation expenses for the period

“ADS(s)”                     representing the same number of underlying common shares of New Oriental

“APP”                        software that causes a computer, smartphone, or electronic mobile device to
                             perform tasks, specifically in our Company’s context, it refers to private label
                             products and livestreaming e-commerce application

“Audit Committee”            the audit committee of the Board

“Board”                      the board of Directors

“China” or “the PRC”         the People’s Republic of China




                                                                                 2026 INTERIM REPORT      59
Definitions (Continued)




“Company”, “we”, “us”,      East Buy Holding Limited 東方甄選控股有限公司, an exempted company
  or “our”                  with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 7
                            February 2018

“Consolidated Affiliated    an entity controlled by the Company through the contractual arrangements
  Entity”

“Controlling Shareholder”   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                            otherwise requires, refers to New Oriental

“Corporate Governance       the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the
  Code”                     Listing Rules, as amended from time to time

“Director(s)”               the director(s) of our Company

“Employee Participant(s)”   as defined in the 2023 Scheme rules, being an employee, director or officer of
                            the Group on the date of grant

“FVTPL”                     fair value through profit or loss

“FY2025”                    the financial year ended 31 May 2025

“FY2026”                    the financial year ended 31 May 2026

“GMV”                       gross merchandise volume

“Group” or “our Group”      the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time or, where the context
                            requires, in respect of the period prior to our Company becoming the
                            holding company of its present subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were
                            subsidiaries of our Company at the relevant time

“HK$”                       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                 the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“IFRS(s)”                   International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by the
                            International Accounting Standards Board




60   EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
                                                                             Definitions (Continued)




“Listing Date”             28 March 2019

“Listing Rules”            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                           Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                           time

“Model Code”               The Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as
                           set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“New Oriental”             New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc., a company incorporated
                           under the Laws of the Cayman Islands on 16 March 2006, which is dual listed
                           on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: EDU) and the Stock Exchange (HKEX:
                           9901) and our Controlling Shareholder

“New Oriental Group”       New Oriental and its subsidiaries

“Nomination Committee”     the nomination committee of the Board

“Pre-IPO Scheme”           share option scheme adopted by the Company on 13 July 2018 and
                           subsequently amended on 29 September 2018

“Prospectus”               the prospectus of our Company dated 15 March 2019 issued in relation to the
                           listing of our Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Remuneration Committee”   the remuneration committee of the Board

“Reporting Period”         the six months ended 30 November 2025

“RMB” or “Renminbi”        Renminbi, the lawful currency of China

“SFO”                      Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                           amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Share(s)”                 ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company currently with a par value
                           of US$0.00002 each

“Shareholder(s)”           holder(s) of our Share(s)




                                                                               2026 INTERIM REPORT      61
Definitions (Continued)




“SPU(s)”                     standard product unit(s)

“Stock Exchange”             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Subscribers”                New Oriental Group and Tigerstep

“Tigerstep”                  Tigerstep Developments Limited, a company incorporated under the Laws of
                             the British Virgin Islands, and a connected person of the Company

“subsidiary” or              has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules and includes consolidated
  “subsidiaries”             affiliated entities controlled

“United States” or “U.S.”    United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to
                             its jurisdiction

“US$”                        United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“%”                          per cent




62    EAST BUY HOLDING LIMITED
