Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no
responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or
completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in
reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.




                HUAXIN CEMENT CO., LTD.*
                   華新水泥股份有限公司
               (A joint stock limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China)
                                          (Stock Code: 6655)


                         SUPPLEMENTAL ANNOUNCEMENT OF
                             2025 THIRD QUARTERLY REPORT


Reference is made to the announcement (the “Announcement”) of HUAXIN CEMENT
CO., LTD.* (the “Company”) dated 24 October 2025, relating to, among others, 2025
Third Quarterly Report. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this
announcement have the same meanings as those defined in the Announcement.


Profit distribution proposal on the three quarters of 2025


According to the financial statements of the Company for the first three quarters of 2025
(unaudited), the parent company achieved a net profit of RMB1,405,853,750 , and the net
profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company after consolidation was
RMB2,003,800,231. As of September 30, 2025, the distributable profit of the parent
company was 11,197,913,353 yuan.


The board of directors proposes to distribute a cash dividend of RMB0.34 per share
(including tax) for the first three quarters of 2025 to all shareholders. According to the
Shanghai Stock Exchange Listing Companies Self-discipline Supervision Guidelines No.
7 - Repurchase of Shares and other relevant regulations, the A-shares held in the
Company ’ s repurchase special securities account are not entitled to profit distribution.
Based on the Company’s total share capital of 2,078,995,649 shares as of now, excluding
the 2,462,200 A-shares held in the company ’ s repurchase special securities account, a
total of RMB706,021,373 will be distributed (representing 35.23% of the net profit



                                                  1
attributable to the shareholders of the parent company after consolidation), and the
balance will be transferred to the undistributed profit.


If, before the record date for the distribution, the Company ’ s total share capital
(excluding shares held in the special securities accounts of repurchase) due to granting
shares to Incentive Recipients under the 2025 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme, the
Company intends to maintain the distribution ratio and adjust the total distribution
amount.


The cash dividends distributed by the Company are denominated and declared in RMB,
and are payable in RMB to A-share holders and in HKD or USD to H-share holders.


The Board of Directors has agreed to appoint Tricor Investor Services Limited as the
agent of the Company to handle the distribution of dividends to H-share holders. The
Board of Directors has agreed, upon approval of the Profit Distribution Proposal on the
First Three Quarters of 2025 by the EGM, to authorize the Company’s Mr. Ye Jiaxing
(Vice President and Secretary to the Board of Directors) and Mr. Peng Puxin (either of
whom has the right of signature) to execute the matters related to dividend distribution,
sign the legal documents related to dividend distribution and handle all relevant matters
on behalf of the Company.


The profit distribution plan is subject to consideration and approval at the Fourth
Extraordinary General Meeting in 2025 of the Company


Withholding and remitting the enterprise income tax for overseas non-resident
enterprise shareholders
According to the Circular of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning
Withholding and Remitting the Enterprise Income Tax on Dividends Paid by Chinese
Resident Enterprises to H-share Holders Which Are Overseas Non-Resident Enterprises
(GSH [2008] No. 897), where a Chinese resident enterprise distributes dividends for the
year of 2008 or any year thereafter to its H-share holders which are overseas non-resident
enterprises, it shall withhold the enterprise income tax thereon at the uniform rate of 10%.
Therefore, when the Company distributes dividends for the first three quarters of 2025 to
its shareholders who are overseas non-resident enterprises listed on the H-share register, it
is obliged to withhold the enterprise income tax at a rate of 10%. After receiving the
dividends, a non-resident enterprise shareholder may, by itself or through an authorized
agent or withholding agent, submit an application to the competent tax authority for


                                             2
enjoying any treatment under a relevant tax agreement (arrangement), and provide proof
that it is an actual beneficial owner satisfying the requirements of the tax agreement
(arrangement). If the application is justified upon verification, the competent tax authority
shall refund the difference between the tax paid and the tax payable calculated at the tax
rate under the tax agreement (arrangement).


Withholding and remitting individual income tax for overseas individual
shareholders
According to the Circular on Some Policy Questions Concerning Individual Income Tax
(CSZ [1994] No. 020) issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
Taxation on 13 May 1994, overseas individuals are exempted from the individual income
tax for the dividends and bonuses received from foreign-invested enterprises. When
distributing dividends for the first three quarters of 2025 to its shareholders who are
foreign individuals listed on the H-share register, the Company, as a foreign-invested
enterprise, will not withhold individual income tax of such shareholders.


Withholding income tax for Shanghai Stock Connect investors
For HKEX investors (including enterprises and individuals) (“Shanghai Stock Connect
Investors”) who invest in the Company’s A shares listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
the final dividend will be paid in RMB by the Company through China Securities
Depository & Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to the accounts of the
nominal A-shareholders. The Company withholds income tax at a tax rate of 10% and
makes a withholding declaration to the competent tax authority. For Shanghai Stock
Connect investors who are tax residents of other countries and subject to an income tax
rate for cash dividends of lower than 10% pursuant to the tax agreement signed between
their home country and China, enterprises or individuals can, by themselves or by
entrusting a withholding agent, apply to the competent tax authority for enjoying any
treatment under a relevant tax agreement. After examination and verification, the
competent tax authority shall refund the tax on the basis of the difference between the
amount levied and the amount of tax payable calculated according to the tax rate under a
tax agreement.


Withholding income tax for Hong Kong Stock Connect investors
In accordance with the Notice on Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an
Interconnection Mechanism for Transaction in the Shanghai and Hong Kong Stock
Markets (CS [2014] No. 81) implemented on 17 November 2014:



                                              3
       for dividends received by mainland individual investors from investing
        in the Company’s H shares through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
        Connect, the Company is obliged to withhold personal income tax at a
        tax rate of 20%; for dividends received by mainland securities
        investment funds from investing in the Company’s H shares through the
        Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, individual income tax shall be
        calculated in accordance with the above requirements; and

       for dividends received by mainland enterprise investors from investing
        in the Company’s H shares through the shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
        Connect, the Company does not withhold tax on dividends, and the tax
        payable shall be declared and paid by such enterprises on their own.

      In accordance with the Notice on Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot
      Program of an Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shenzhen
      and Hong Kong Stock Markets (CS [2016] No. 127) implemented on 5
      December 2016,

       for dividends received by mainland individual investors from investing
        in the Company’s H shares through Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
        Connect, the Company is obliged to withhold personal income tax at a
        tax rate of 20%; for dividends received by mainland securities
        investment funds from investing in the Company’s H shares through the
        Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, individual income tax shall be
        calculated in accordance with the above requirements; and

       for dividends received by mainland enterprise investors from investing
        in the Company’s H shares through the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
        Connect, the Company does not withhold tax on dividends, and the tax
        payable shall be declared and paid by such enterprises on their own.

For any questions about the above arrangements, H-share holders of the Company may
consult their tax advisers about the impact of taxation of China and Hong Kong and other
countries (regions) resulted from holding and selling the H shares of the Company.


Closure of H-Share Register


In order to determine the list of H-share holders who are entitled to receive the dividend
for the first three quarters ended 30 September 2025, the H-share Register of Members
will be closed from Tuesday, 18 November 2025 to Thursday, 20 November 2025 (both
days inclusive), during which period no transfer of H shares will be registered. The
H-share holders who are listed on the H-share Register of Member on Thursday, 20
November 2025 will be entitled to receive the Dividend.


                                           4
In order to qualify for the dividend, H-share holders of the Company whose transfers have
not been registered shall lodge all transfer documents together with the relevant share
certificates with the office of the Company’s H-share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor
Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
Kong, before 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 17 November 2025 for registration.


The dividend for the first three quarters ended 30 September 2025 will be paid by the
receiving agent on Wednesday, 24 December 2025 to the H-share holders


An announcement regarding the details of payment of Final Dividend to A Shareholders
and relevant matters will be published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(www.sse.com.cn).


 The Board confirms that the above matters do not affect the other information contained
in the Announcement.


                                                  By Order of the Board
                                                 Huaxin Cement Co., Ltd.
                                                      Xu Yongmo
                                                        Chairman


Wuhan, Hubei Province, the PRC
27 October 2025


As of the date of this announcement, the Board of Directors of the Company comprises Mr. Li Yeqing
(President) and Mr. Liu Fengshan (Vice President), as executive Directors; Mr. Xu Yongmo
(Chairman), Mr. Martin Kriegner, Mr. Olivier Milhaud and Ms. Tan Then Hwee, as non-executive
Directors; Mr. Wong Kun Kau, Mr. Zhang Jiping and Mr. Jiang Hong, as independent non-executive
Directors.

* For identification purpose only




                                                5
