Annual Report
FY2024
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




         Our Purpose
         We create and inspire smart solutions
         in steel, to strengthen our communities
         for the future.


         Our Bond
         Our Customers                                                Our Shareholders
         are our partners                                             are our foundations
         Our success depends on our customers and suppliers           Our success is made possible by the shareholders
         choosing us. Our strength lies in working closely with
         them to create value and trust, together with superior       we commit to continuing profitability and growth
         products, service and ideas.


         Our People                                                   Our Local Communities
         are our strength                                             are our homes
         Our success comes from our people. We work in a safe         Our success relies on communities supporting our
         and satisfying environment. We choose to treat each
         other with trust and respect and maintain a healthy          environment, create wealth, respect local values,
         balance between work and family life. Our experience,
                                                                      choosing to do what is right.
         are our most valued and rewarded strengths.




Contents
                     Message from the Chair                       3
Section 01           Earnings Report                          6
Section 02           Directors' Report                       34
Section 03           Remuneration Report                     43
Section 04           Financial Report                         71
Section 05           Additional Information                 158




Cover Image: Waco Aircraft Corporation hanger in Battle Creek, MI, produced by VARCO PRUDEN™

BlueScope Steel Limited
2
Message from                     Earnings Report                  Directors' Report                 Remuneration                     Financial Report      Additional
the Chair                                                                                           Report                                                 Information




Message from
the Chair


                                                                          In the face of global macroeconomic and steel
                                                                          industry volatility, BlueScope delivered a solid
                                                                          performance in FY2024, again demonstrating
                                                                          the resilience of its diversified business model

                                                                          Jane McAloon AM
                                                                          Chair, BlueScope Steel Limited




FY2024 Highlights
In FY2024, your Company again demonstrated the resilience of its business model, as                                                      FY2024 Results
it generated robust earnings, invested for long-term, sustainable growth and delivered
returns to shareholders. This ongoing success is underpinned by the continued support
of our customers, suppliers and shareholders, as well as the efforts and dedication of the                                               Reported NPAT
                                                                                                                                         $806M
entire BlueScope team.
During the year, the Company continued to execute on its "Transform, Grow, Deliver"
strategy. Key highlights include:                                                                                                        20% lower than FY2023
• in the US, the ramp up of the North Star expansion and assessment of additional
  debottlenecking, along with the evaluation of further value chain integration in the US
  with a potential midstream facility;                                                                                                   Underlying NPAT
                                                                                                                                         $861M
• in Australia, the progression of a new metal coating line in Western Sydney and the
  reline and upgrade of No.6 Blast Furnace at Port Kembla;
• in New Zealand, the commencement of the project to install an electric arc furnace at                                                  22% lower than FY2023
  the Glenbrook site; and
• the significant body of work across the business to unlock a low-carbon future for our
  operations, and the iron and steelmaking process.                                                                                      Underlying EBIT
This FY2024 Annual Report includes more information on these important projects, which
will underpin our future success and growth, and I commend it for your reading.                                                          $1.34Bn
                                                                                                                                         17% lower than FY2023
Safety
Our commitment to our people-centred approach to health and safety, and culture of
learning is unwavering, which is enabled by our deep focus on engaging our people
in designing solutions to deliver effective controls. We are continually improving how
                                                                                                                                         Underlying EBIT ROIC
incidents and injuries are managed to prevent re-occurrence through strengthening
controls and learning. In FY2024 our people delivered 271 critical risk control                                                          11.9%
improvement projects, bringing the total projects completed to 1,175 since 2021.                                                         Down from 14.6% in FY2023
In July 2024, the Company instigated a global “Refocus on Safety” program, intended
to ensure ongoing emphasis on its foundational safety practices, supported by HOP
principles and tools. The refocus comes as FY2024 saw four of our people sustaining                                                      Net Cash
injuries resulting in permanent incapacity, and a lag indicator of TRIFR of 8.8, which is
above the long-term range of 5-7.                                                                                                        $364M
In March, a customer’s contractor truck driver was fatally injured in an interaction with                                                Down from $614M at 31 Dec 23
another customer’s contracted vehicle at one of BlueScope Coated Products’ sites in
North America . Our thoughts are with everyone impacted by this tragic incident.
                    1




1. As this incident involved BlueScope's customers’ contractors, it is not classified under a BlueScope controlled safety management system.


                                                                                                                                                                         3
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



BlueScope's Financial Framework
Since its establishment in 2017, BlueScope's Financial Framework has guided the Company's decision-making, supporting the
"Transform, Grow, Deliver" strategy in the pursuit of its Purpose. The Framework outlines the guiding principles for financial
management, built on the lessons from BlueScope's first 15 years as a listed entity.
The Framework serves as a foundation for BlueScope's long-term financial sustainability, driving quality earnings, underpinning financial
and operating strength, and balancing the competition for capital between shareholder returns and capital investments. This discipline
is specifically designed to enable confident operation and investment in our long-life, capital-intensive business through macroeconomic
cycles. Under the Framework in FY2024, as in all years since its inception, BlueScope delivered robust returns in the context of its
cyclical operating environment, maintained a strong balance sheet, and balanced shareholder returns through dividends and buy-backs
with investments in long-term sustainable earnings and growth.
The Framework, along with BlueScope's performance under it, provides enduring confidence in the Company's ability to not only
weather industry and macroeconomic cycles but also capitalise on them for long-term, quality earnings and growth.


Business Performance
BlueScope delivered an underlying EBIT of $1.34 billion in FY2024, against a backdrop of global macroeconomic and steel industry
volatility. This result was delivered primarily by the strength in our US businesses and many of our downstream operations, which partly
offset the impact of materially softer, bottom-of-cycle Asian steel spreads on the Australian steelmaking operations. Operating cash flow
for the year, after capital expenditure1 was $434 million, lower than the prior financial year on slightly lower earnings, higher working
capital and higher capital expenditure. Despite this lower operating cash flow, BlueScope again finished the financial year with a robust
balance sheet, with $364 million net cash at bank.
BlueScope also continued to make progress on its key sustainability outcomes in the year, most notably achieving a 12.2 per cent
reduction in aggregated steelmaking emissions intensity against its FY2018 baseline, in line with its 2030 target level. This was primarily
driven by the ramp-up of the North Star expansion, along with operating and process efficiencies at Glenbrook and Port Kembla
Steelworks. A range of projects continue to be progressed to unlock a low-carbon future for our business, including our partnership
with Rio Tinto and BHP, as well as our Australian Direct Reduced Iron options study (Project IronFlame). The business also continued to
strengthen its approach to growing diversity in our workplaces in the areas of gender equality, beyond gender and inclusive capability,
and conducted a responsible sourcing governance review to ensure that we are well positioned to meet evolving responsible sourcing
risks and requirements.


Rewarding Shareholders
A core part of BlueScope’s Financial Framework is balancing the competition between growth investments and returns to shareholders.
Under this framework, we aim to distribute at least 50% of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of consistent dividends and
buy-backs. In FY2024, the Company returned $548 million to shareholders, comprised of $225 million in dividends and $323 million in
on-market buy-backs.
In light of the increased scale and resilience of BlueScope's portfolio, as well as the reduced share count as a result of the buy-back
program2, following review, the Board’s intention is to increase the annual ordinary dividend level to target 60 cps per annum3.
Accordingly, for 2H FY2024 the Board has approved the payment of a fully franked final dividend of 30.0 cents per share. In addition, the
Board has approved an extension of the share buy-back program to allow the remaining amount of up to $270M to be bought over the
next 12 months4.




     FY2024 Shareholder Returns

     Dividends paid                                                                                  Share buy-backs
     50 cps                                                                                          $323M
     Totalling $225M                                                                                 15.5 million shares bought back and cancelled




1. Cash flow before investment expenditure and financing.
2. 151.1 million shares bought back and cancelled since FY2017, delivering a 33% improvement in earnings per share (EPS)
3. The revised annual dividend level will be subject to the Company’s financial performance, business conditions, growth opportunities, capex and working capital requirements and the Board’s
    determination at the relevant time.
4. The timing and value of stock purchased will be dependent on the prevailing market conditions, share price and other factors.


4
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                          Information



Board Composition and Renewal
At BlueScope's 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM), I was privileged to succeed John Bevan as Chair of the BlueScope Board. I have
thoroughly enjoyed working with my fellow Non-executive Directors, Managing Director and CEO Mark Vassella and the BlueScope
management team to continue this Company's journey of growth and success. I would again on behalf the Board, management and
shareholders like to sincerely thank John for his remarkable leadership and contribution to BlueScope over the past decade, including
eight years as Chair.
Alistair Field joined the Board in January 2024, bringing more than 25 years' experience in the mining, metals and manufacturing sectors,
and extensive experience at senior executive level in North America, the Middle East, South Africa and the UK, as well as Australia.
His international heavy industry experience and operational expertise coupled with his understanding of complex, large-scale projects
complement the Board's collective skills and experience and reflects the global diversity of BlueScope's operations.
Since 2022, the Board has been undergoing a period of succession. It is critical that the Board retains the diversity and breadth of
skills and experience relevant to BlueScope as a large-scale, international manufacturer. In addition, with more than half our earnings
coming from outside Australia, it is important that our Board reflects all the regions in which we operate, and this remains a focus of
Board renewal.
To ensure a process of orderly succession and knowledge transfer, at the 2021 AGM shareholders voted to temporarily increase the
maximum number of Directors to twelve until the 2025 AGM. With demonstrated benefits of such overlap between outgoing and
incoming Directors, approval will be sought at the 2024 AGM to retain the maximum number of Directors at twelve, in order to facilitate
this important knowledge transfer as Board renewal continues.


Outlook
At the start of 1H FY2025, BlueScope is seeing a convergence of macroeconomic challenges across BlueScope's largest regions, with
ongoing softness in Asian spreads, the recent contraction in US spreads and cost pressures from persistent inflation. These challenges
reinforce the importance of maintaining a globally competitive cost base whilst pursuing growth in domestic, value-add products to
support margins.
BlueScope consistently balances short-term performance with investments in long-term growth, as guided by its Financial Framework.
Amid near-term uncertainty, the Company will maintain this balance by managing costs and revenues wherever possible and
prioritising the timing of capital expenditures appropriately, including a body of work in the Australian business to drive productivity
and performance.
In this context, the Company expects 1H FY2025 underlying EBIT to be in the range of $350 million to $420 million, subject to spread,
foreign exchange and market conditions. A further update on trading conditions will be provided at our AGM on 19 November 2024.


Conclusion
Your Company delivered a solid performance in FY2024, again demonstrating the power of its diversified business model in generating
quality earnings, investing for long-term, sustainable growth, and delivering shareholder returns. BlueScope remains in good shape, even
in the face of the above-mentioned challenges.
The Board and I extend our thanks to BlueScope's dedicated team of over 16,500 people, whose commitment to maintaining safe
work practices, supporting each other, and serving our customers and communities is commendable. Additionally, I wish to express my
gratitude to our shareholders, and my fellow Directors for the support and partnership provided in FY2024.




Jane McAloon AM
Chair




                                                                                                                                           5
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




          01.
Section




           Earnings Report




6
Message from            Earnings Report          Directors' Report        Remuneration            Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                 Report                                           Information




Operations and
Strategy

Description of Operations
BlueScope is a global leader in metal coating and painting for building and construction,
employing more than 16,500 people at over 160 sites in 15 countries.
Principally focussed on the Asia-Pacific region, the Group manufactures and markets a wide range of branded products that include
pre-painted COLORBOND® steel, zinc/aluminium alloy-coated ZINCALUME® steel and the LYSAGHT® range of building products.

Our businesses
Australia
BlueScope is Australia's largest steel manufacturer, employing around 7,100 people at approximately 100 sites. The operations are a mix
of large manufacturing plants, rollforming facilities and distribution centres, producing and selling quality branded products primarily for
the Australian building and construction industry.

North America
BlueScope operates five businesses across North America, employing around 4,600 people: North Star BlueScope Steel, BlueScope
Recycling and Materials, Buildings North America, BlueScope Coated Products and NS BlueScope North America.
North Star is a low-cost regional supplier of hot rolled coil, based in Ohio, serving automotive, construction and manufacturing end-use
industries. North Star is highly efficient, operates at industry leading utilisation rates and is strategically located near its customers and
in one of the largest scrap regions of North America. BlueScope Recycling and Materials (BRM) is a full-service, ferrous scrap metal
recycler with three processing facilities in the region in which North Star operates.
Buildings North America, BlueScope Coated Products and NS BlueScope North America collectively focus on the large non-residential
construction industry, supplying quality engineered buildings systems and high-quality metal coated and painted steel building products.

Asia
BlueScope has an extensive footprint across Asia, employing around 3,200 people in the region. The operations in Thailand, Indonesia,
Vietnam, Malaysia, India and China all primarily serve the domestic building and construction industries in each of these countries.
BlueScope operates in partnership with Nippon Steel Corporation (NSC) across South East Asia (and the West Coast of North America
through NS BlueScope North America) and with Tata Steel in India. Both are 50/50 joint ventures, with BlueScope controlling and
therefore consolidating the joint venture with NSC, and jointly controlling and therefore equity accounting the joint venture with
Tata Steel.

New Zealand and Pacific Islands
The New Zealand Steel business is the only steel producer in New Zealand, with operations also including the Waikato North Head iron
sands mine, the Pacific Steel long products business and the Pacific Islands businesses. In the region, the business employs around
1,600 people, and produces a range of flat and long steel products, primarily for domestic use.

In summary
BlueScope has outstanding assets and capability
• Strong operating leverage from a diverse business portfolio.
• A global leader in metal coating and painting for building and construction.
• Iconic industrial brand position of COLORBOND® steel.
• Integrated and resilient Australian business delivering returns across the cycle.
• Expanded footprint across the US flat steel value chain, providing an exciting platform for growth.
• One of the most productive and profitable mini-mills in the US in North Star.
• Expansive footprint across high growth Asian markets.




                                                                                                                                                 7
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




A Resilient Business
Delivering Returns Through the Cycle
Diversified business delivering through-cycle quality earnings
• Leading positions in Australia and NZ; best-in-class steelmaking in the US

• Suite of premium branded products and solutions that enhance margins

Performance underpinned by quality assets and land portfolio,
robust balance sheet and disciplined approach to capital allocation

Outstanding growth opportunities across core business
• Continued product shift towards premium branded products in Australia and NZ

• Volume growth from investments in advantaged US steelmaking asset;
    growing coating and painting capability in the US
• Operate in key South East Asian markets, positioned for growth
    of premium coated and painted segment

Securing long-term future through decarbonisation program and
sustainability approach

                               BlueScope's Operating Footprint
               15 countries                   160+ sites                 16,500+ employees




8
Message from   Earnings Report   Directors' Report   Remuneration   Financial Report   Additional
the Chair                                            Report                            Information




Well Positioned for the Favourable
Long-Term Outlook for Steel
The global green revolution driving demand for steel as a critical input for a clean
energy future (including wind, solar and transmission infrastructure)

Steel intensive building and construction supported by a robust pipeline of public
infrastructure and non-residential investment

Preference for lower density and regional housing maintained by consumers post-
pandemic

Transition to the digital economy driving demand for steel intensive e-commerce
infrastructure (including warehouses, distribution centres and data centres)

Recognition of the importance of domestic supply chains and sovereign
manufacturing capability, given macroeconomic volatility

Consolidation and rationalisation in the US steel industry supporting enhanced supply-
side discipline

Focus on overproduction and emissions reduction in China’s steel industry improving
regional industry conditions




                                                                                                     9
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Our Strategy and Financial Framework
Our Strategy
Our Strategy sets out how we will deliver on Our Purpose and deliver strong returns and sustainable outcomes over the next five years
and beyond. Our Strategy drives transformation and growth, while continuing to deliver on core expectations of our stakeholders. Core
elements of Our Strategy include investment in carbon reduction technologies, product and service innovation, and delivering a safe,
inclusive and diverse workplace.




                      Transform                                               Grow                                                                                 Deliver


     Deliver a step change in                                  Grow our portfolio of sustainable                                                Deliver a safe workplace,
     customer experience and                                   steelmaking and world leading coating,                                           an adaptable organisation
     business performance                                      painting and steel products businesses                                           and strong returns


Our Financial Framework
Since 2017, our Financial Framework has provided clarity, both internally and to our investors, as to how we approach business
performance measurement, capital allocation, the balance sheet and shareholder returns.

The Framework is comprised of three pillars:




                                                                                                                                                    FY2024 Highlights
                                        • ROIC > WACC on average through the cycle
            Returns
                                        • ROIC incentives for management and employees                                                                          11.9% ROIC
              Focus                     • Maximise free cash flow generation

                                        • Strong balance sheet, with a target of around $400-800M net debt1
                                        • Retain strong credit metrics
                                                                                                                                                           $364M Net Cash
          Robust
                                        • Intent to have financial capacity through the cycle to make                                                       $3.1Bn Liquidity
           Capital                        opportunistic investments or to fund reinvestment in or a shutdown
                                          of steelmaking if not cash positive                                                                             Investment Grade
        Structure
                                        • Leverage for M&A if accompanied by an active debt                                                                 Credit Ratings
                                          reduction program

                                        • Invest to maintain safe and reliable operations, to support
                                          achievement of decarbonisation pathways, and in foundation and
                                          new technologies                                                                                                  $312M Invested
      Disciplined                       • Returns-focussed process with disciplined competition for                                                           for Growth
                                          capital between:
           Capital                         – Growth capital – Investments and M&A (but avoid top of
       Allocation                            the cycle)                                                                                                    $548M Returned
                                           – Shareholder returns (distribute at least 50% of free cash flow to                                             to Shareholders
                                             shareholders in the form of consistent dividends and on-market
                                             share buy-backs2)

     1. In the short- to medium-term, BlueScope will retain balance sheet capacity to fund investment for growth and major projects. Following review, BlueScope has adjusted its longer term
        target net debt to a range of $400-800M. This reflects the increased scale and resilience of our portfolio, and is considered to remain prudent in light of our goal to retain strong
        credit metrics.
     2. On-market share buy-backs are an effective method of returning capital to shareholders given the flexibility they provide in managing BlueScope’s capital and for the EPS enhancement
        they can deliver.




                More information on BlueScope’s Strategy
                and Financial Framework can be found at
                https://www.bluescope.com/about-us/our-strategy/


10
Message from                      Earnings Report                 Directors' Report                Remuneration                     Financial Report                  Additional
the Chair                                                                                          Report                                                             Information




Major Project Update
 Update on Projects Underway
                         • Project to secure future of ironmaking at PKSW underway.
   6BF Reline • Expected total capital cost of ~$1.15Bn, partly offset by $136.8M grant from Australian Government.
   & Upgrade • Early works well advanced and site contractors mobilised; key long lead items well progressed.
                         • Transition from existing 5BF to relined 6BF expected in the second half of CY2026.
                         • Additional metal coating capacity to support continued shift towards premium branded products.
       MCL7 in • Capacity of 240ktpa, located adjacent to Western Sydney paint line; capital cost expectation of ~$415M.
       Western
               • Project progressing to plan; equipment supply on track, building construction progressing well.
       Sydney
                         • Expect commissioning in FY2026.
                         • Transforming NZ Steel; expected to reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by more than 45%.
        EAF at • Total capital cost estimate of NZ$300M; NZ$140M being funded by the NZ Government.
       NZ Steel • Project on schedule; civil works commenced, domestic scrap supply contracts in place.
                         • Expect commissioning in FY2026.
               • Established a BlueScope / NSW whole-of-government working group to guide redevelopment at the Port Kembla
        1,200ha and West Dapto sites.
         Land               – Near-term focus on residential land supply at West Dapto and SuperTAFE at Port Kembla.
      Portfolio
                         • Continuing to progress planning processes across Western Port and Glenbrook sites.


 Investing for Long-Term Growth

 North Star Debottlenecking
 Successfully completed ~45% expansion of our best-in-class mini mill; further unlocking output by an additional ~10%
 through hot strip mill debottlenecking program.
 • Following recent expansion, North Star’s total output is limited Expected North Star production (mt, annualised)
   by current hot strip mill capacity of ~3.0mtpa.
 • Debottlenecking project now approved by BlueScope Board,
   will further increase North Star output by ~10% to 3.3mtpa.
    – Expected to achieve full run rate in FY2028.
 • Expect capital cost of US$130M, across a range of projects
    – Spend expected across FY2025 to FY2027
 • Subject to anticipated regulatory and
   environmental approvals.
 • Raw materials supply arrangements strengthened to support
   volume growth.



 Progressing US Value Chain Integration
 Continuing feasibility study to further integrate US value chain through addition of cold rolling and metal coating capacity
 • Progressed feasibility study into integration of relevant components of BlueScope’s
   US value chain through addition of a new midstream facility.
    – Supports US growth strategy through supply of high-quality feed to underpin
      painted growth (including roll out of COLORBOND® steel).
    – Includes ability to produce and supply BlueScope’s leading proprietary AM metal
                                                                                                                1




      coating technology.
 • Long-term, a total 550kt of cold rolling and metal coating capacity would be required
   to underpin painted growth ambitions.
    – To be delivered in a phased approach over the next 5-7 years.
 • Assessment of initial phase progressing well.
    – Expected to deliver 275ktpa of pickling, cold rolling and metal coating capacity,
      with expected commissioning by mid CY2028.                                                                                                 BlueScope
                                                                                                                                                   Coated
    – Preliminary capital estimate for initial phase of up to ~US$800M across FY2026                                                              Products

      to FY2028.
 • Further update to be provided during 1H CY2025.
1. AM coating: Introduces magnesium into aluminium-zinc alloy (AZ) coating, which improves galvanic protection over AZ coating (a protective alloy coating of zinc and aluminium, which protects
   its steel base against corrosion).


                                                                                                                                                                                               11
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Sustainability Update

                                      Safety                                                                                   Climate Change

                                1,175                                                                                           12.2%
           HSE risk control projects completed                                                               Reduction in steelmaking GHG emissions
                       since 2021                                                                                    intensity since FY20182




Health, Safety and Environment (HSE)                                                                  Climate Change
BlueScope's commitment to its culture of learning and people-                                         BlueScope achieved a 12.2 per cent reduction in aggregated
centred approach to health and safety is unwavering, enabled                                          steelmaking emissions intensity against its FY2018 baseline, in line
by its deep focus on engaging its people in designing solutions                                       with its 2030 target level2. This was primarily driven by the ramp-
to deliver effective controls. In conjunction, the Company takes                                      up of the North Star expansion, along with operating and process
a risk-based approach to implementing innovative and practical                                        efficiencies at Glenbrook and Port Kembla Steelworks. Looking
risk control improvements. This way resilience is enhanced across                                     ahead, the EAF in New Zealand and North Star debottlenecking
top-ranked risks, whilst empowering all people who make and                                           will contribute to further improvements in steelmaking emissions
handle products to identify opportunities or improvement and be                                       intensity performance. As we better understand the timing of
part of the solution.                                                                                 regional iron and steelmaking transformation and its enablers,
                                                                                                      we will consider the appropriate timing and composition of
In July 2024, BlueScope instigated a global “Refocus on Safety”
                                                                                                      BlueScope’s potential future emission reduction targets.
program, intended to ensure ongoing emphasis on its foundational
safety practices. The refocus requires leaders at all levels to                                       BlueScope's non-steelmaking emissions intensity has reduced
spend more dedicated time on site to learn from employees                                             by 8.4 per cent since FY2018. Whilst midstream sites have
about how work is done, what can be done better, and to verify                                        implemented a range of projects to reduce emissions, the
critical controls from our Codes of Practice to proactively manage                                    emissions intensity in FY2024 was affected by lower production
risk before incidents occur. Priority activities include increasing                                   and despatch volumes compared to 2018.
tiered audit frequencies and improving incident management
                                                                                                      In FY2024, BlueScope announced a framework agreement with
and investigation.
                                                                                                      Australia’s two largest iron ore producers, BHP and Rio Tinto,
The refocus comes as during FY2024 four employees sustained                                           for a project to jointly investigate Australia’s first ironmaking
serious injuries resulting in permanent incapacity (related to live                                   electric smelting furnace (ESF or ‘melter’) pilot plant, using Pilbara
equipment) and the lag indicator of TRIFR increased to 8.8,                                           ores. This collaboration will consolidate the work each party has
above the long-term range of 5-7. Tragically, in March 2024,                                          completed on this technology to date and provide a platform to
a customer’s contractor truck driver was fatally injured in an                                        develop and potentially build and operate a Direct Reduced Iron
interaction with another customer’s contracted vehicle at one of                                      (DRI)-ESF pilot plant.
BlueScope Coated Products’ sites in North-America1.
                                                                                                      BlueScope also made solid progress in the year on Project
The Company continues to extract significant insights from both                                       IronFlame, its Australian DRI Options Study, refining 42 different
leading and lagging indicators as it continues to improve how                                         configurations for DRI supply chains at various locations to seven
incidents and injuries are managed to prevent re-occurrence,                                          options across three locations, for further investigation. In the
through strengthening controls and learning. In FY2024, 271 risk                                      year, BlueScope also progressed the installation of an EAF at New
control improvement projects were delivered, representing 100%                                        Zealand Steel, which is being co-funded by the NZ Government
completion of identified projects and bringing the total number of                                    and is expected to reduce its Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by at
projects completed to 1,175 since 2021.                                                               least 45 per cent.
In addition to the 271 projects mentioned above, during FY2024,                                       In September, BlueScope will release its second Climate Action
63 environmental improvement projects were submitted as entries                                       Report, which will provide an update on progress towards
in the annual BlueScope Environmental Awards, which resulted in                                       its climate goals and decarbonisation pathway outlined in its
a reduction of approximately 22,000 megawatt hours in electricity                                     inaugural 2021 Climate Action Report. The report will include an
consumption, a saving of around 14,000 kilolitres of fresh water                                      update on the enablers of iron and steelmaking decarbonisation,
and approximately $6.7M in annualised cost savings.                                                   GHG emissions performance for BlueScope's three steelmaking
                                                                                                      sites, an update on Scope 3 reporting, climate capital allocation
                                                                                                      and policy engagement, as well as the outcomes of our renewed
                                                                                                      climate scenario analysis and physical climate risk assessment.

1. As this incident involved BlueScope's customers’ contractors, it is not classified under a BlueScope controlled safety management system.
2. Preliminary data. Final emissions intensity figures will be published in BlueScope’s FY2024 Sustainability Reporting Suite, to be released in September 2024.


12
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report      Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                          Information




         Inclusion and Diversity                                              Sustainable Supply Chain

                      25%                                                                      269
               Female participation in the                                               Supplier assessments
                 BlueScope workforce                                                     completed in FY2024




Inclusion and Diversity                                                Sustainable Supply Chain
BlueScope aims to cultivate an inclusive culture where every           BlueScope continues to focus on promoting responsible business
individual feels valued and included at work. The Company's            practices and upholding human rights by engaging with suppliers
FY2024 program focused on strengthening its approach to                and implementing improvement activities.
growing diversity in its workplaces in the areas of gender equality,
                                                                       In FY2024, BlueScope undertook a responsible sourcing
beyond gender and inclusive capability. In FY2024, BlueScope's
                                                                       governance review and developed good practice guidance to
increased its overall percentage of women in the workforce to
                                                                       ensure that it is well positioned to meet evolving responsible
25% and maintained the gender balance for Board and ELT in line
                                                                       sourcing risks and requirements. The Company also engaged
with its 40:40:20 target.
                                                                       internally and with suppliers on our updated Supplier Code of
BlueScope is encouraged by the progress made in FY2024, and            Conduct, particularly regarding forward looking expectations for
the below examples demonstrate that local strategies are making a      suppliers to monitor and report GHG emissions resulting from their
positive impact.                                                       operations. BlueScope also worked with key suppliers to conduct
                                                                       a Scope 3 pilot study to understand suppliers' emissions profiles
To further support inclusive capability in the workplace, different
                                                                       and emissions reduction programs. Lessons from the pilot will
shift patterns were piloted at a number of North American sites
                                                                       support future Scope 3 activities.
to help remove barriers to retaining women in our workforce.
In Indonesia, we explored opportunities to encourage women             In FY2024, 269 supplier assessments were completed,
operators to return to work after completing their parental            predominantly using the independent EcoVadis supplier
leave, and across South East Asia we achieved 45% female               assessment process. BlueScope enhanced its supplier
appointments into NS BlueScope’s leadership pipeline.                  assessment program with the roll out of the EcoVadis IQ Plus
                                                                       and Carbon Action modules during the year; IQ Plus further
In Australia, the First Nations Framework advanced significantly
                                                                       enhances visibility of ESG risk across the Company's supply
and is embedded into the Australian business' Vision and Strategy.
                                                                       chain and Carbon Action helps understand suppliers’ maturity
This includes a focus on First Nations procurement, which has
                                                                       in managing their emissions profile and assists to identify areas
resulted in an increase in expenditure with First Nations suppliers
                                                                       for improvement.
of 151% in FY2024, along with the addition of 14 Indigenous-
owned Tier 1 suppliers.                                                BlueScope also continued its third-party on-site audits for key
                                                                       potential high-risk suppliers. This year three of the supplier on-
Human Rights and Social Impact                                         site audits identified workers who had paid recruitment fees.
BlueScope is fully committed to the United Nations Guiding             BlueSocpe is working closely with these suppliers on corrective
Principles on Business and Human Rights across the regions in          actions and remediation. These findings show that BlueScope's
which we operate. This means we are identifying, assessing, and        risk assessment model and audit program are effective in
taking action to mitigate potential modern slavery risks in our        identifying high-risk suppliers and indicators of modern slavery.
operations and supply chain. BlueScope monitors its activities
to ensure our policies and practices do not impinge respect for        Regulatory Proceedings
human rights. This year a mix of risk mitigation strategies have       On 29 August 2023, the Federal Court awarded a penalty of
been adopted that consider local legislation and cultural context.     $57.5M against BlueScope, in relation to the civil proceeding
Gaps were identified in our controls for contractor workers, and       brought by the ACCC. BlueScope has appealed the Court’s
these lessons are being shared across the Group. Collaboration         decision. Pending determination of the appeal, the penalty has
with rights holders and local leaders continues to be key to our       been paid to the Commonwealth of Australia.
approach, as is fostering a culture of continuous improvement and
iterative learning.
In FY2024, three targeted worker assessments were conducted at
our own operations in Thailand, China and Mexico. We continue
to strengthen capability and capacity in Malaysia following the
remediation process reported last year, with the local leadership
team further supported with training and coaching this year.




                                                                                                                                            13
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Group Financial
Review

FY2024 Results

                   Sales from                                                                                                       Reported
              continuing operations                                                                                                   NPAT

                   $17.0Bn                                                                                                  $806M
                                6% on FY2023                                                                                        20% on FY2023
                              2H result $8.5Bn                                                                                     2H result $366M




                               Underlying                                                                                          Underlying
                                 EBIT                                                                                                ROIC1

                  $1.34Bn                                                                                                        11.9%
                                17% on FY2023                                                                                     from 14.6% in FY2023
                               2H result $621M




                              Capital                                                                                                   Net
                            Management                                                                                                 Cash

                     Fully franked final dividend of
                               30.0 cps
                                                                                                                            $364M
                                                                                                                                 from $614M in 31 Dec 23
             Extension of buy-back to allow up
             to $270M to be bought over next
                        12 months


1. Return on Invested Capital – calculated as last 12 months’ underlying EBIT over trailing 13 month average capital employed.


14
Message from                      Earnings Report                   Directors' Report                 Remuneration                      Financial Report                  Additional
the Chair                                                                                             Report                                                              Information




Financial Summary
Table 1: Financial summary

 $M unless marked                                                                                                    FY2024                            FY2023                       Variance %
 Sales revenue from continuing operations                                                                         17,009.4                          18,174.2                                  (6%)
 EBITDA - underlying         1
                                                                                                                    2,025.8                           2,266.0                               (11%)
 EBIT - reported1                                                                                                   1,276.0                           1,487.3                               (14%)
 EBIT - underlying       1
                                                                                                                    1,339.2                           1,607.7                               (17%)
 Return (Underlying EBIT) on invested capital (%)                                                                     11.9%                             14.6%                              -2.7%
 NPAT - reported                                                                                                       805.7                          1,009.2                               (20%)
 NPAT - underlying                                                                                                      860.7                         1,098.8                               (22%)
 Interim dividend                                                                                                         25.0                              25.0                                   -
 Final dividend                                                                                                           30.0                              25.0                             20%
 Reported earnings per share (cps)                                                                                      180.0                            217.4                              (17%)
 Underlying earnings per share (cps)                                                                                   192.3                             236.7                              (19%)
 Net Debt / (Cash)                                                                                                    (364.0)                           (703.3)                              48%
 Gearing %                                                                                                  N/A - net cash                    N/A - net cash                                       -
 Leverage (net debt / LTM underlying EBITDA)                                                                N/A - net cash                    N/A - net cash                                       -
1. Underlying results in this report are categorised as non-IFRS financial information provided to assist readers to better understand the financial performance of the underlying operating business.
   Underlying adjustments included discontinued operations, acquisitions and disposals of businesses, asset impairments/write-backs and restructuring costs. Tables 12, 13 and 14 explain why the
   Company has disclosed underlying results and provide reconciliations of underlying earnings to reported earnings.


Revenue                                                                                               Finance Costs and Funding
The 6% decrease in sales revenue from continuing operations                                           Net finance costs in FY2024 decreased by $29.1M compared
was primarily due to lower selling prices and lower despatch                                          to FY2023, largely due to higher interest income on cash and
volumes, partially offset by favourable impacts from a weaker                                         investments due to rising interest rates in FY2024, and a non-
Australian dollar exchange rate (A$:US$).                                                             repeat of the interest incurred on the now retired US$300M Reg-S
                                                                                                      Bonds in FY2023.
Earnings Before Interest & Tax                                                                        Financial liquidity was $3,132.2M at 30 June 2024 ($3,171.7M at
                                                                                                      31 December 2023), comprised of $2,046.7M committed undrawn
The 17% decrease in underlying EBIT reflects:
                                                                                                      bank debt capacity and $1,085.5M cash. Liquidity in the NS
• $27.7M spread decrease, primarily due to:                                                           BlueScope Coated Products JV was $680.4M, which is included
   – Lower domestic prices due to lower global steel                                                  in the Group liquidity measure.
     prices ($731.5M).
                                                                                                      In July 2024, BlueScope extended and increased its core bilateral
   – Partially offset by higher export prices ($39.2M) and lower                                      loan facilities to $1,500M from $1,310M with the support of its
     raw material costs across the Group ($664.6M).                                                   group of 10 key banks, which provides BlueScope the benefit of
• $76.2M unfavourable impact of volume/mix.                                                           increased funding availability and tenor, while maintaining robust
• $188.1M unfavourable movement in costs, comprised of:                                               financial liquidity.
   – $29.8M cost improvement initiatives, primarily at Australian
     Steel Products and Coated Products Asia.
                                                                                                      Tax
   – $45.7M unfavourable volume impact on costs.                                                      FY2024 tax expense of $320.1M (FY2023 $352.0M), equivalent
   – $124.6M unfavourable impact of general cost escalation,                                          to an effective tax rate of 25.4% (FY2023 24.6%), was impacted
     predominantly on higher labour, utilities and services costs,                                    by the foreign tax rate differential predominantly relating to lower
     partly offset by lower profit share plan expenses and lower                                      tax rates on profits earned in North America, and, to a lesser
     freight costs.                                                                                   extent, Asia.
   – $47.6M unfavourable movement in other costs.                                                     The BlueScope Australian consolidated tax group made $127.6M
• $21.0M favourable translation impact from a weaker A$:US$                                           in corporate income tax payments in FY2024, generating franking
  exchange rate.                                                                                      credits to allow both the interim dividend paid in FY2024 to be
                                                                                                      fully franked, and franking credits to be attached to the FY2024
• $2.6M favourable movement in other items.
                                                                                                      final dividend. The BlueScope Group’s total tax payments in
The $211.3M (14%) decrease in reported EBIT reflects the                                              FY2024 were $1,226M (FY2023 $1,425M), represented by $554M
movement in underlying EBIT discussed above and $57.2M                                                in taxes borne and $672M in taxes collected and remitted.
favourable net underlying adjustments as outlined in Tables 13
                                                                                                      Further tax contribution details can be found in BlueScope's Tax
and 14.
                                                                                                      Contribution Report for the year ended 30 June 2024, available on
                                                                                                      BlueScope’s website.




                                                                                                                                                                                                    15
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



Capital Management                                                                                Financial Position
The Company's capital management policy is as below:                                              Net assets increased $254.8M to $11,285.5M at 30 June 2024
• BlueScope pursues a returns-focussed process with disciplined                                   from $11,030.7M at 30 June 2023. Net assets were lower as
  competition for capital that balances annual shareholder returns                                a result of foreign exchange translation (approximately $50M),
  and long-term profitable growth.                                                                primarily as a result of a stronger A$:US$. This was more than
                                                                                                  offset by an increase in net assets in their functional currency.
     – Having regard to the above, the current policy is to distribute
                                                                                                  Significant movements in underlying currency were:
       at least 50% of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of
       consistent dividends and buy-backs.                                                        • $484M increase in property, plant and equipment, including
                                                                                                    assets associated with the reline and upgrade of No.6 Blast
• Following review, in the longer term BlueScope will now target
                                                                                                    Furnace at Port Kembla.
  net debt in a range from $400 million to $800 million. This
  reflects the growth in the business portfolio and remains                                       • $256M decrease in trade payables, mainly due to lower raw
  prudent in light of our goal to retain strong credit metrics.                                     material prices.
                                                                                                  • $69M increase in inventories, mainly due to higher volumes,
Dividend
                                                                                                    partially offset by a decrease in rate/steel feed costs.
• Since August 2021, the Company has targeted an annual
                                                                                                  • $66M decrease in deferred income.
  ordinary dividend of 50cps per annum. Aligned to this, during
  FY2024 the Company paid an unfranked final ordinary dividend                                    • $64M decrease in the provision for income tax, mainly due to
  in respect of FY2023 of 25.0 cents per share and a fully franked                                  lower profits than the prior year.
  interim ordinary dividend in respect of 1H FY2024 of 25.0 cents                                 • $60M decrease in borrowings and lease liabilities.
  per share.                                                                                      • These movements were partially offset by a $405M decrease
• In light of the increased scale and resilience of BlueScope's                                     in cash due to net cash flow during the period, and a $256M
  portfolio, as well as the reduced share count as a result of the                                  decrease in receivables, mainly due to lower steel prices.
  buy-back program1, following review, the Board’s intention is to
  increase the annual ordinary dividend level to target 60 cents
  per share per annum, i.e. 30 cents per share per half.2
     – The revised annual dividend level will be subject to
       the Company’s financial performance, business conditions,
       growth opportunities, capex and working capital requirements
       and the Board’s determination at the relevant time.
• Accordingly, for 2H FY2024, the Board has approved the
  payment of a final ordinary dividend of 30.0 cents per share,
  which will be fully franked for Australian tax purposes.
     – As the dividend is fully franked, there is no requirement for it
       to be declared to be conduit foreign income, and there are no
       New Zealand imputation credits attached to the final dividend.
       the Company’s dividend reinvestment plan will not be active
       for the final dividend
• Relevant dates for the final dividend are as follows:
     – Ex-dividend share trading commences: 10 September 2024.
     – Record date for dividend: 11 September 2024.
     – Payment of dividend: 15 October 2024.
Buy-back:
• The Company will continue to use on-market share buy-
  backs to supplement the payment of consistent dividends.
  Buy-backs are attractive given the flexibility they provide in
  managing BlueScope’s capital and for the EPS enhancement
  they can deliver.
• During FY2024, $323M of shares were bought through the buy-
  back program.
• The Board has approved an extension of the share buy-back
  program to allow the remaining amount of up to $270M to
  be bought over the next 12 months. The timing and value of
  stock purchased will be dependent on the prevailing market
  conditions, share price and other factors.




1. 151.1 million shares bought back and cancelled since FY2017, delivering a 33% improvement in earnings per share (EPS)
2. Announcements of future dividends and franking are subject to the Company's financial performance, business conditions, growth opportunities, capex and working capital requirements, amount
     and timing of tax payments and the Board's determination at the relevant time.


16
Message from   Earnings Report   Directors' Report   Remuneration   Financial Report   Additional
the Chair                                            Report                            Information




                                                                                                     17
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Business Unit
Reviews

Australia
BlueScope's Australian business, Australian Steel Products (ASP),
employs around 7,100 employees at approximately 100 sites,                Key Financial and
being a mix of large manufacturing plants, rollforming facilities and
distribution centres across Australia.                                    Operational Measures
The business specialises in flat steel products, including hot rolled     Table 2: ASP financial performance
coil, cold rolled coil, plate and value-added metallic coated and
painted steel solutions. Its key focus is on higher value, branded                                                                 2H
                                                                          $M                      FY2024   FY2023    Var %
products for the building and construction industry.                                                                           FY2024

The Port Kembla Steelworks – in New South Wales' Illawarra region         Sales Revenue           6,982.3 7,930.2    (12%) 3,395.3
– is the largest steel production facility in Australia, with an annual   Reported EBIT            354.4    492.1    (28%)          119.2
crude steel production capacity of over three million tonnes.
                                                                          Underlying EBIT          376.9    537.1    (30%)          119.2
BlueScope's branded products are recognised leaders in Australia,         NOA (pre tax)           3,812.9 3,466.0     10%     3,812.9
and include COLORBOND® steel, TRUECORE® steel, ZINCALUME®
                                                                          Underlying
metallic coated steel and TRU-SPEC® steel.                                                         10.3%    14.4%    -4.1%      10.3%
                                                                          EBIT ROIC
The ASP segment includes LYSAGHT® and FIELDERS® building
products, Orrcon Steel® pipe and tube manufacturing and                   Table 3: ASP steel sales volume
distribution, and BlueScope Distribution across Australia.
                                                                                                                                   2H
                                                                          '000 tonnes             FY2024   FY2023    Var %
                                                                                                                               FY2024
Financial Performance –
                                                                          Domestic
FY2024 vs. FY2023
                                                                          - ex mill               2,081.3 2,252.4      (8%)         996.5
Sales Revenue                                                             - ext sourced            127.5    122.7       4%           61.6
The $947.9M decrease in sales revenue was primarily due to lower
                                                                          Export                   824.2    950.0    (13%)          436.7
selling prices and lower despatch volumes.
                                                                          Total                   3,033.0 3,325.1      (9%) 1,494.7
EBIT Performance
The $160.2M decrease in underlying EBIT was largely due to:               Chart 1: FY2024 ASP domestic sales volume mix
• weaker sales volume / mix, including impacts from reduced
  production levels and subsequent reduction in exports
• higher costs, largely due to inflationary pressures and the
                                                                                                              HRC
  impact of lower volumes
                                                                                                              Plate
• lower realised spreads due to lower domestic selling prices,                                                CRC
                                                                                      2,208.8kt
  partially offset by lower raw material costs                                                                Metal Coated
                                                                                                              Painted
• weaker contribution from export coke sales.
                                                                                                              Ext sourced & Other
Underlying adjustments in reported EBIT are set out in tables 13
and 14.

Return on Invested Capital
ROIC decreased to 10.3% driven by lower EBIT and higher net
operating assets. Net operating assets at 30 June 2024 were
$346.9M higher than at 30 June 2023, primarily due to higher
fixed assets, lower payables and higher inventories, partially offset
by lower receivables.




18
Message from           Earnings Report        Directors' Report      Remuneration           Financial Report       Additional
the Chair                                                            Report                                        Information



Sales and Operations
Domestic Mill Sales
FY2024 domestic sales volumes ex-mill decreased 8% on FY2023         The Social and Institutional sub-segment continues to be
to 2,081.3kt.                                                        supported by government investment in major health and
                                                                     education projects, whilst the Commercial and Industrial sub-
Despatch volumes were lower in the year across all segments due
                                                                     segment is seeing ongoing investment in factories and retail
to a general economic slowdown, together with the pullback in
                                                                     segments, driving demand for new warehousing on the back of
construction as the residential pipeline of activity narrowed.
                                                                     the continued shift towards e-commerce.
Sales into the residential construction segment decreased in
                                                                     Sales into the Engineering and Mining segments were lower in
FY2024 compared to FY2023. Detached housing approvals fell
                                                                     FY2024 compared to FY2023. Whilst the level of investment was
by ~10% in 2024, impacted by softer consumer sentiment
                                                                     robust with the continuation of the National Infrastructure plan,
given the higher interest rate environment, along with reduced
                                                                     rising cost pressures have had an impact on general trading
backlogs from prior periods. Conversely, demand in the Alterations
                                                                     conditions. Demand in the Manufacturing sector was impacted
and Additions sub-segment remained robust during the year,
                                                                     by increased import competition, customer destocking and softer
supported by strong house prices.
                                                                     end market conditions.
Targeted campaigns continue to focus on consumers, builders,
and fabricators, and saw total sales of COLORBOND® steel             Export Sales
remain at historically robust levels in the year, slightly above     Despatches to export customers in FY2024 (824.2kt) were lower
600kt - albeit softening in the second half to 288kt. Despite        than FY2023 (950.0kt), predominantly driven by a non-repeat
the pullback in approvals data seen during the year, underlying      of the elevated export sales levels in late FY2023, along with
demand for housing in Australia remains robust, with the medium-     reduced steel production, particularly in the second half, due
term demand outlook strong on the back of strong population          to the softer spread environment. Export margins were lower in
growth due to high immigration, and the current shortage of          FY2024 due to lower global steel prices.
housing stock.
                                                                     Export Coke Sales
Sales into non-residential construction were lower in FY2024         In FY2024, despatch volumes were 500.8kt, down 14% on
compared to FY2023 - most evident during the second half,            FY2023 due to lower production.
reflecting a pullback in approvals off a strong peak. Demand was
supported by the robust pipeline of projects across the segment
from prior periods.




                                                                                                                                     19
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




North America
BlueScope operates five businesses in North America, employing
around 4,600 people. BlueScope's North American operations                 Key Financial and
are represented in two reporting segments; North Star and
Buildings and Coated Products North America (BCPNA). The North             Operational Measures
Star reporting segment comprises the North Star BlueScope
Steel (North Star) and BlueScope Recycling and Materials (BRM)             Table 4: North America performance
businesses. The BCPNA reporting segment comprises Buildings
                                                                                                                                   2H
North America (BNA), BlueScope Coated Products (BCP) and NS                $M                   FY2024    FY2023      Var %
                                                                                                                               FY2024
BlueScope Coated Products (Steelscape and ASC Profiles).
                                                                           Sales Revenue       7,460.5 7,020.0          6%    3,958.2
Established in 1996 in Delta, Ohio, North Star is one of
                                                                           Reported EBIT         918.0       930.8     (1%)     516.9
North America's most efficient steel mills, producing high-
quality hot rolled coil from electric arc furnaces. North Star             Underlying EBIT       935.1      964.7      (3%)     518.4
is consistently rated among the top flat-rolled steel producers            NOA (pre tax)       5,698.3 5,442.3          5%    5,698.3
in the annual Jacobson Survey of customer satisfaction. The
                                                                           Underlying
business services the US domestic automotive, non-residential                                   16.7%      17.9%     -1.2%      16.7%
                                                                           EBIT ROIC
construction manufacturing, and agricultural segments, primarily
through service centres.                                                   Despatches          3,664.4 3,295.7         11%    1,840.6

BRM is a full-service ferrous and non-ferrous scrap metal recycler,        Table 5: North Star performance
focused on supplying North Star’s scrap requirements. It operates
three sites: Delta, Ohio (adjacent to North Star), Waterloo, Indiana,                                                              2H
                                                                           $M                   FY2024    FY2023      Var %
and Mansfield, Ohio.                                                                                                           FY2024

Serving the low-rise non-residential construction sector, BNA is a         Sales Revenue       3,840.7 3,479.6         10% 2,049.8
leading provider of precision-engineered steel building solutions          Reported EBIT         492.4       433.0     14%      292.4
through its BUTLER® and VARCO PRUDEN™ brands. BNA also                     Underlying EBIT       493.9       443.0     11%      292.7
includes the BlueScope Properties Group (BPG), developing
industrial real estate, mainly warehouses and distribution centers.        NOA (pre tax)       3,667.7 3,561.6           3% 3,667.7
                                                                           Underlying
BCP is the second-largest metal painter in the US, with a capacity                              13.5%      12.6%       0.9%     13.5%
                                                                           EBIT ROIC
of around 900,000 tonnes per annum across seven facilities,
serving commercial and industrial construction applications. It is         Despatches          2,704.7 2,353.9         15% 1,374.5
known for its customer service, particularly the flexibility of paint
systems on steel and aluminum substrates.                                  Table 6: North Star performance in US$M

BlueScope operates the NS BlueScope Coated Products business                                                                       2H
                                                                           US$M                 FY2024    FY2023      Var %
on the West Coast as part of its 50/50 joint venture with Nippon                                                               FY2024
Steel Corporation (NSC), including the Steelscape metal coating            Sales Revenue       2,519.8 2,340.8           8% 1,350.4
and painting business and the ASC Profiles building products
                                                                           Underlying
business, primarily serving the Western US non-residential                                       416.0      379.6      10%      238.7
                                                                           EBITDA
construction industry.
                                                                           Underlying EBIT       325.1      297.3        9%     192.8
Financial Performance –
                                                                           Table 7: BCPNA performance
FY2024 vs. FY2023
                                                                                                                                   2H
                                                                           $M                   FY2024    FY2023      Var %
Sales Revenue                                                                                                                  FY2024
The $440.5M increase in sales revenue was due to higher                    Sales Revenue       3,697.0 3,640.8          2%    1,928.4
despatch volumes at North Star, partially offset by lower selling
                                                                           Reported EBIT         415.9      503.1     (17%)     219.7
prices across both North Star and BCPNA.
                                                                           Underlying EBIT       431.4      526.9     (18%)     220.7
EBIT Performance                                                           NOA (pre tax)       2,031.4 1,891.3          7%    2,031.4
The $29.6M decrease in underlying EBIT was due to:
                                                                           Underlying
• North Star: Delivered an underlying EBIT of $493.9M in FY2024,                                21.9%      27.7%     -5.8%      21.9%
                                                                           EBIT ROIC
  compared to $443.0M in FY2023. The increase was mainly
  driven by an increase in despatch volumes and the benefit of             Despatches          1,011.3 1,004.1          1%      480.4
  a weaker A$:US$, partially offset by slightly weaker spread and
  higher conversion costs.
• BCPNA: Delivered an underlying EBIT of $431.4M in FY2024,
                                                                        Underlying adjustments in reported EBIT are set out in tables 13
  compared to $526.9M in FY2023. The weaker performance was
                                                                        and 14.
  mainly due to lower margins at BNA, which eased after a period
  of particular strength, combined with a softer performance at
  BCP on continued operational challenges and lower volumes.
  This was partially offset by a stronger contribution from BPG
  and the the benefit of a weaker A$:US$.


20
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report      Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                          Information


Return on Invested Capital                                             Key initiatives being progressed to drive improved performance
ROIC decreased to 16.7% driven by lower EBIT and higher net            and support future growth potential include:
operating assets. Net operating assets at 30 June 2024 were            • A continued focus on segmentation to better understand,
$256.0M higher than at 30 June 2023, primarily due to lower              identify, prioritise and organise around the greatest
payables and higher receivables.                                         opportunities for growth.
                                                                       • The design and development of an extended data platform, to
Sales and Operations                                                     generate efficient, accurate and reliable business intelligence
                                                                         and customer insights.
North Star (including BRM)
Benchmark Midwest steel prices and spreads softened during             • Foundational technology investment to modernise and provide
the first half of FY2024, impacted by United Auto Workers strike         a holistic digital engineering and customer experience.
activities and associated distributor destocking. Following the        • Continued investment in engineering and manufacturing
resolution of the strike in October 2023, steel prices and spreads       capacity to enable business expansion.
increased rapidly through to the end of the calendar year, as
                                                                       As noted, BPG realised two project sales in 2H FY2024, with no
inventories were replenished and large mills increased prices as
                                                                       project sales in 1H FY2024. An additional project sale that was
service centre demand recovered. From February 2024, pricing
                                                                       expected to complete in 2H FY2024 was delayed, however, this
again contracted as service centres ran down inventories in a
                                                                       has since completed, and will contribute to 1H FY2025 earnings.
falling price environment, with spreads retreating back to the
US$300/t level towards the end of the half, particularly impacting     BlueScope Coated Products
spot sales.                                                            Throughout FY2024, the BCP integration program continued,
Demand for North Star's product remained solid throughout              however the business underperformed on continued production
FY2024 – with North Star again operating at full capacity              and quality challenges. This operating underperformance was
through the period. Approximately 660kt was produced from the          compounded by lower levels of utilisation on lower volumes from
expansion project in FY2024 (340kt in 2H FY2024) during the            the foundational customer. A program of work is underway to
ongoing ramp up process, which was largely completed during            bring the existing business into line with targeted post-acquisition
the year. Whilst underlying demand remains robust, activity levels     performance, and to further advance the offering of branded and
in the automotive segment were impacted by the previously              packaged products.
mentioned strike activity in 1H FY2024. Activity across the            The opportunity provided by evolving BCP through offering of
non-residential construction and manufacturing sectors remained        branded and packaged products remains attractive - accordingly,
robust in FY2024.                                                      the business continued to invest in uplifting operational
BRM continued to perform well during FY2024, processing around         capabilities, and progressing initiatives such its single-bill and
30% of North Star's scrap requirement, with work continuing            COLORBOND® steel offerings.
to increase processing capabilities to be able to supply around
                                                                       NS BlueScope Coated Products (Steelscape & ASC Profiles)
40% of North Star’s post-expansion total scrap requirement over
                                                                       SteelScape (coating and painting) sales volumes increased in
time. Supply of hot briquetted iron continued in FY2024 under the
                                                                       FY2024 compared to FY2023, on robust end use demand
multi-year contract with Cleveland-Cliffs from its Toledo HBI plant,
                                                                       and improved customer sentiment. ASC Profiles (building
as part of North Star’s diversified metallics supply arrangements.
                                                                       components) sales volumes decreased in FY2024 compared to
Buildings and Coated Products North America                            the prior year, primarily due to projects delays in the decking
                                                                       segment. Downstream margins contracted during the year as the
Buildings North America                                                high-priced deck backlog was worked through and new orders
BNA delivered a softer result in FY2024 compared to FY2023,            were placed at lower prices.
as margins progressively normalised from cyclically high levels
observed in prior periods. BPG sales in 2H FY2024 resulted in a
stronger performance than 1H FY2024.




                                                                                                                                           21
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Asia
The business has an extensive footprint of metallic coating,
painting and steel building product operations in Thailand,          Key Financial and
Indonesia, Vietnam Malaysia, India and China, primarily servicing
the domestic residential and non-residential building and            Operational Measures
construction industries in each of these countries. Collectively,
these businesses employ around 3,200 people, and form the            Table 8: CPA performance
Coated Products Asia reporting segment.
                                                                                                                                               2H
                                                                      $M                           FY2024        FY2023            Var %
BlueScope is a technology leader in metal coated and painted                                                                               FY2024
steel building products, with a wide range of branded products        Sales Revenue               2,075.9 2,630.6                  (21%)    973.7
that include pre-painted COLORBOND® steel, zinc/aluminium
                                                                      Reported EBIT                  146.6           91.7          60%       50.9
alloy-coated ZINCALUME® steel and the LYSAGHT® range of
building products.                                                    Underlying EBIT                159.6         141.7           13%       63.9

BlueScope operates its South East Asian businesses in partnership     NOA (pre tax)                  909.4         998.3            (9%)    909.4
with Nippon Steel Corporation (NSC) and in India with Tata Steel.     Underlying
                                                                                                   16.1%          12.4%            3.7%    16.1%
Both are 50/50 joint ventures, with BlueScope controlling and         EBIT ROIC
therefore consolidating the joint venture with NSC, and jointly       Despatches                  1,233.4 1,432.4                  (14%)    603.4
controlling and therefore equity accounting the joint venture with
Tata Steel.                                                          Chart 2: FY2024 Segment geographic sales revenue, $M1
The BlueScope China business is wholly owned by BlueScope and
is comprised of metal coating, painting and LYSAGHT® operations,
and Engineered Buildings Solutions (EBS).
                                                                                                                       Thailand 577.3
Financial Performance –                                                                                                Indonesia 246.4
FY2024 vs. FY2023                                                                $2,075.9M                             Malaysia 270.8
                                                                                                                       Vietnam 170.2
                                                                                                                       China 811.6
Sales Revenue
The $554.7M decrease in sales revenue was primarily due to lower
despatch volumes in both South East Asia and China, and lower
selling prices in South East Asia.
                                                                     1. Chart does not include India, which is equity accounted.
EBIT Performance
The $17.9M increase in underlying EBIT was due to:                   Table 9: Tata BlueScope Steel performance
• South East Asia: Delivered an underlying EBIT of $107.3M in
                                                                                                                                               2H
  FY2024, compared to $38.3M in FY2023. This was driven by            $M                           FY2024        FY2023            Var %
                                                                                                                                           FY2024
  improved margins, on improved cost and pricing management.
                                                                      Tata BlueScope Steel (100% basis)
• China: Delivered an underlying EBIT of $48.0M in FY2024,
  compared to a record result of $90.8M in FY2023. The weaker         Sales Revenue                  790.6         623.8           27%      407.6
  outcome was driven by lower despatch volumes, particularly          Underlying EBIT                  22.0           49.0         (55%)     11.6
  from weak demand in the electric vehicle manufacturing              Underlying NPAT                  10.4           40.4         (74%)      5.5
  segment, partially offset by higher margins.
                                                                      Despatches                     451.4          326.0          38%      235.7
• India: The Tata BlueScope Steel (TBSL) joint venture delivered
  an equity accounted profit of $5.5M (50% basis) in FY2024,          BlueScope share (50% basis)
  compared to $20.5M in FY2023, due to increased sales                Underlying equity
                                                                                                         5.5          20.5         (73%)      2.9
  of lower margin tier 3 product and increased investment in          accounted profit
  business expansion.
Underlying adjustments in reported EBIT are set out in tables 13
and 14.

Return on Invested Capital
ROIC increased to 16.1% driven by higher EBIT and lower net
operating assets. Net operating assets at 30 June 2024 were
$88.9M lower than at 30 June 2023 on lower inventories,
receivables and fixed assets, partially offset by lower payables.




22
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report      Remuneration            Financial Report       Additional
the Chair                                                             Report                                         Information



Sales and Operations
South East Asia
FY2024 sales volumes across the South East Asian business decreased on FY2023 levels, driven by increased competition from higher
levels of imports, however margins improved significantly on the prior year, largely due to effective management of inventory, cost
and pricing.
Demand in the project segment was stable in FY2024. In the retail segment, the business continues to focus on the Authorised Dealer
network, with a growing focus on alternative distribution channels in some segments.
Cost and productivity improvement programs continue to deliver incremental benefits, and the business is now balancing robust cost
discipline to maintain and drive performance across the region, and support investment in future growth.

China
The Chinese economy slowed during FY2024, with activity in key steel consuming sectors (such as real estate) remaining challenged.
The muted economic performance saw lower demand across building and construction end-use segments.
BlueScope China delivered a softer result in FY2024 compared to the record performance in FY2023, impacted by a reduction in
despatch volumes on softer construction activity, particularly driven by a non repeat of the robust demand from the electric vehicle
manufacturing sector seen in FY2023. This was partly offset by improved margins in the period, driven by cost control across
the business.
Sales volume of coated products decreased in FY2024 on the prior year, with less pull-through from downstream Buildings and
Components businesses. The ongoing promotion of Next Generation ZINCALUME® steel and COLORBOND® steel continues to position
the business as a premium supplier of coated steel, which has combined with the focus on sectors of the economy that are growing
faster than GDP to deliver robust margins.

India (in joint venture with Tata Steel (50/50) for all operations)
Despatch volumes in the Tata BlueScope Steel (TBSL) business increased significantly in FY2024 compared to FY2023, whilst average
selling prices softened year on year. TBSL margins were softer in FY2024 compared to the prior year, as the business integrated product
from the new supply agreement.
The growth in volume is a result of the supply agreement with Tata Steel, which was signed in late FY2023. In total, 196kt of products
were supplied under the agreement in FY2024. This supply agreement provides an exciting growth opportunity for TBSL, which is
working closely with Tata Steel to enhance the quality of the products and optimise the cost of production, so as to establish a premium
position for these products.




                                                                                                                                       23
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




New Zealand & Pacific Islands
The New Zealand & Pacific Islands (NZPI) business comprises the
Waikato North Head mine, New Zealand Steel, Pacific Steel and            Key Financial and
the Pacific Islands businesses.
                                                                         Operational Measures
As the only steel producer in New Zealand, New Zealand Steel
uses locally sourced ironsand to manufacture up to approximately         Table 10: NZPI financial performance
650,000 tonnes each year of steel slab and billet at the
Glenbrook Steelworks, south of Auckland. NZPI produces a                                                                         2H
                                                                          $M                   FY2024    FY2023     Var %
range of flat and long steel products for domestic and export                                                                FY2024
use, and supplies all major industries, including construction,           Sales Revenue         914.7     962.6       (5%)     417.3
manufacturing, infrastructure, packaging and agriculture.
                                                                          Reported EBIT          43.7     128.6     (66%)       18.2
NZPI employs around 1,600 people and includes Pacific Steel
                                                                          Underlying EBIT        43.7     128.6     (66%)       18.2
New Zealand (rolling mill and wire drawing facilities), and the
Pacific Islands business, with facilities in Fiji, New Caledonia and      NOA (pre tax)         918.1     820.8      12%       918.1
Vanuatu which manufacture and distribute the LYSAGHT® range of            Underlying
                                                                                                 5.0%     18.0% -13.0%          5.0%
products and long steel products through Pacific Steel Fiji.              EBIT ROIC

Financial Performance –                                                  Table 11: NZPI steel sales volume

FY2024 vs. FY2023                                                                                                                2H
                                                                          000 tonnes           FY2024    FY2023     Var %
                                                                                                                             FY2024
Sales Revenue
                                                                          Domestic flats        196.2     214.4       (8%)      90.7
The $47.9M decrease in sales revenue was primarily due to lower
selling prices and lower despatch volumes.                                Domestic longs        151.8     163.4       (7%)      72.1
                                                                          Domestic              348.0     377.8       (8%)     162.8
EBIT Performance
                                                                          Export flats          149.4        83.4    79%        70.2
The $84.9M decrease in underlying EBIT reflects weaker spreads,
primarily due to weaker domestic selling prices, as well as higher        Export longs             8.5       16.0   (47%)         2.4
conversion costs and lower despatch volumes. These impacts                Export                157.9        99.4    59%        72.6
were partially offset by favourable mix.

Return on Invested Capital
ROIC decreased to 5.0% driven by lower EBIT and higher net
operating assets. Net operating assets at 30 June 2024 were
$97.3M higher than at 30 June 2023, mainly on higher fixed
                                                                       Sales of domestic long products in FY2024 fell 7% compared
assets and higher inventories.
                                                                       to FY2023, as a number of infrastructure projects in the public
                                                                       sector were put on hold as the newly formed New Zealand
Sales and Operations                                                   Government reviewed and reprioritised spending commitments
Domestic Sales                                                         in late 2023. The private sector also saw a number of projects
Against a backdrop of softer macroeconomic performance, end            put on hold, however this was largely in response to the softer
use demand across all construction sectors softened in FY2024          domestic market conditions and sustained high interest rates.
compared to FY2023. Accordingly, NZPI's FY2024 domestic
                                                                       Export Sales
despatch volumes were lower compared to the prior year.
                                                                       Export volumes of flat products in FY2024 were materially higher
New residential dwelling consents declined across the year, to         in FY2023 on softer domestic despatches, while volumes of
end the year 30% down from FY2023.                                     export long products reduced 7.5kt compared to the prior year,
• Whilst demand for metal coated products contracted in FY2024,        on the back of lower export availability.
  sales of COLORSTEEL® products remained stable compared to
  FY2023, supported by robust activity in the Commercial and           Vanadium
  Industrial sub-segment.                                              Sales of Vanadium slag by-products have been an ongoing cost-
                                                                       offset for the business for a number of years. The business
• Demand for AXXIS® steel for light gauge residential steel
                                                                       also buys in both ferro and nitrided vanadium as inputs into the
  framing into new builds softened in FY2024 due to the softening
                                                                       steelmaking process, mainly for rebar strengthening purposes,
  in this segment, especially for project home builders, however
                                                                       which has the effect of dampening any price related increase
  remained at historically robust levels.
                                                                       in the vanadium slag contribution. The FY2024 net vanadium
• Demand for heavy plate products contracted in FY2024 on              contribution was approximately $10M lower than FY2023, primarily
  the prior year, which was strong on the back of robust               due to softer global index pricing.
  infrastructure demand.




24
Message from   Earnings Report   Directors' Report   Remuneration   Financial Report   Additional
the Chair                                            Report                            Information




                                                                                                     25
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Outlook, Future Prospects
and Risks

1H FY2025 Outlook
At the start of 1H FY2025, BlueScope is seeing a convergence                                           Expectations for the performance of our operating segments in 1H
of macroeconomic challenges across BlueScope's largest regions.                                        FY2025 relative to 2H FY2024 are as follows:
In Australia, performance is impacted by low Asian steel spreads,                                      • Australia:
driven by high regional steel production and exports, which affect
                                                                                                          – Expect a moderately softer result than 2H FY2024 as stronger
both steel prices and raw material costs. Inflationary pressures,
                                                                                                            benchmark spreads are offset by:
including higher electricity costs, add to the challenges. In the
US, while demand in steel-consuming sectors is stable, channel                                                – Weaker realised pricing on lower domestic IPP relative to
purchasing behaviour has seen the hot rolled coil spread fall to                                                index and softer US export prices.
post-pandemic bottom-of-cycle levels.                                                                         – Higher realised raw material and conversion costs (including
                                                                                                                ~$25M higher electricity cost).
These challenges reinforce the importance of maintaining a
globally competitive cost base whilst pursuing growth in                                                      – Similar domestic volumes, however impacted by
domestic, value-add products. BlueScope seeks to balance near-                                                  unfavourable export product mix.
term performance with investment in longer-term growth, the                                               – Ongoing cost and productivity initiatives to
approach to which is guided by its Financial Framework.                                                     support performance.
To ensure this balance is maintained, and that the business                                            • North America:
remains fit for these trading conditions, BlueScope is increasing                                         – Expect a result around half that of 2H FY2024.
its usual focus on managing cost and revenue performance, and
                                                                                                          – North Star – expect a result around one-third that of
on the timing of capital expenditure. This is particularly relevant
                                                                                                            2H FY2024.
for the Australian buiness to ensure ongoing resilience in an
environment of sustained low spreads and cost escalation.                                                     – Materially lower benchmark spread, partially offset by
                                                                                                                favourable realised pricing2.
Group outlook:
                                                                                                              – Further offset by incremental volume from expansion.
• Underlying EBIT in 1H FY2025 is expected to be in the range of
                                                                                                          – Buildings & Coated Products – expect a result around two-
  $350M to $420M.
                                                                                                            thirds that of 2H FY2024.
• For the purposes of the outlook, the Company has made the
                                                                                                              – Continued easing of cyclically strong margins with similar
  following 1H FY2025 average assumptions:
                                                                                                                contribution from BPG.
   – Lagged spreads:
                                                                                                              – Includes completed BPG property sale.
      – US mini-mill benchmark spreads of ~US$310/t, down
                                                                                                       • Asia:
        ~US$200/t on 2H FY2024.
                                                                                                          – Expect a result approaching 50 per cent higher than
      – Asian benchmark spreads of ~US$210/t, up ~US$60/t on
                                                                                                            2H FY2024.
        2H FY20241.
                                                                                                          – Southeast Asia and India – expect a similar result to
   – Unlagged prices:
                                                                                                            2H FY2024.
      – East Asian HRC price of ~US$540/t.
                                                                                                          – China – expect a stronger result on typical seasonality.
      – 62% Fe iron ore price of ~US$100/t CFR China.
                                                                                                       • New Zealand and Pacific Islands:
      – Index hard coking coal price of ~US$240/t FOB Australia.
                                                                                                          – Expect a result around 50 per cent higher than that of
      – A$:US$ at US$0.67.                                                                                  2H FY2024.
• Relative to 2H FY2024, expect similar underlying net finance                                            – Higher domestic despatches and lower costs on non-
  costs, a lower underlying tax rate and lower profit attributable to                                       repeat of maintenance shuts, however energy prices
  non-controlling interests.                                                                                remain elevated.
                                                                                                       • Intersegment, Corporate & Group:
                                                                                                          – Expect a slightly improved performance compared to
                                                                                                            2H FY2024.




1. Calculation infers an FOB iron ore estimate by deducting the Baltic cape index freight cost from CFR China iron ore price.
2. Benchmark prices may not be representative of realised mill prices due to a range of factors. Movements in prices across the majority of sales correlate with Midwest regional benchmark pricing,
   on a short lag; a minority of sales are priced on a longer term basis. Accordingly the degree of correlation between realised and benchmark prices can vary in a given half but is more fully reflected
   over the medium term.


26
Message from             Earnings Report        Directors' Report        Remuneration              Financial Report       Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                           Information




Matters Subsequent to Year End
During July 2024, BlueScope finalised the refinancing of its core bilateral loan facilities, increasing the capacity to $1,500 million from
$1,310 million and extending the maturity of each of the three tranches by two years. This refinancing was supported by BlueScope's
group of 10 key banks, and benefits the Company through longer term, more cost-effective financial liquidity.




Future Prospects and Risks
The Group has an Integrated Risk Management Framework and internal controls to identify and manage risk across seven
broad categories:

• Markets and Products;                        • Ethical Conduct and Compliance;               • Technology; and
• Health, Safety, Environment                  • People and Remuneration;                      • Financial.
  and Communities;                             • Operations;

BlueScope’s systems are designed to ensure the Group understands its appetite for risk across each of these broad categories, monitors
tolerance metrics, identifies current and emerging risks, and implements appropriate mitigating actions. More information can be found
on our website.
The nature and potential impact of risks are by their nature uncertain and change over time. In addition to the economic variables and
climate risks, BlueScope is also exposed to, and actively manages, a range of other risks that have the potential to materially impact the
achievement of the Group’s strategies and future prospects.

Economic risks
BlueScope operates in markets and market segments which are impacted by short term volatility, economic cycles and long-term trends
which can affect the Group’s performance and financial outcomes both positively and negatively. Economic and market risk factors
going forward include:

Economic Risks                                                                                        Our Response
Sustained economic       A deep or prolonged economic downturn in developed economies, or
downturn or              significantly slower growth in emerging economies (especially China),
prolonged weak           could have a material adverse effect on the global steel industry
economic                 reducing demand for the Group’s products and financial prospects.
conditions.              Persistent inflation and high interest rates could dampen economic           BlueScope monitors and responds
                         growth or lead to an overcorrection and recession.                           to these risks as required
                                                                                                      including through targeted cost
A significant cyclical   The Group’s financial prospects are sensitive to the level of activity       control initiatives, driving operational
or permanent             in a number of industries, principally the building, construction and        efficiencies, business diversification,
downturn in the          manufacturing industries. These industries are cyclical in nature,           maintaining adequate liquidity and
industries to which      with the timing, extent and duration of these economic cycles                keeping stakeholders informed through
the Group supplies       unpredictable. Not all of the Group’s cost base varies with production       continuous disclosure.
its products.            volumes and accordingly the Group may not readily be able to
                         reduce its costs in response to an economic downturn. Therefore, a
                         significant, extended or permanent downturn could negatively affect
                         the Group’s financial prospects.
Declines in the          The Group's financial outlook is closely tied to the long-term price         BlueScope’s exposure to commodity
price of steel, or       trends of international steel products and essential raw materials. In       price risks are monitored and,
any significant and      particular, fluctuations in the prices of key raw materials like iron ore,   where appropriate, action is taken
sustained increase       coking coal, pig iron, and scrap, can significantly impact the Group's       in response through a range of
in the price of          financial prospects. If there is a substantial and sustained increase        risk management activities, including
raw materials in         in the price of these raw materials, without a corresponding rise in         adjusting commercial contract terms,
the absence of           steel prices, it will negatively affect the Group's financial performance.   optimising delivery timeframes, and
corresponding steel      Conversely, a decline in steel prices without a proportional decrease in     selective use of commodity price
price increases.         raw material prices will also have an adverse impact.                        hedging where available. These
                                                                                                      exposures are communicated to
                         Additionally, the short term financial performance of the Group is
                                                                                                      stakeholders, including debt lenders
                         susceptible to rapid price fluctuations in both raw materials and steel
                                                                                                      and equity investors.
                         products. This is particularly relevant for commodity products such
                         as plate, hot rolled coil, cold rolled coil, and some metallic coated
                         steel products.




                                                                                                                                              27
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



Economic Risks                                                                                        Our Response
Competition from          BlueScope’s products compete with other materials such as                   BlueScope monitors and responds to
other materials           aluminium, concrete, composites, plastic and wood in various end            this risk as required by one or more
and from other            use applications. Improvements in the technology, production, pricing,      of the following measures; through
steel producers           embodied carbon or acceptance of these competitive materials                product development, focusing
could significantly       relative to steel could adversely impact BlueScope’s sales volumes          on customer experience, business
reduce prices and         and/or prices.                                                              diversification, reducing the carbon
demand for the                                                                                        intensity of products, and competitive
                          BlueScope competes with local and international steel suppliers. This
Group’s products.                                                                                     pricing. In addition, BlueScope
                          global competition means that changes to trade measures (such as
                                                                                                      actively engages with governments
                          tariffs, anti-dumping duties or changes to local content requirements)
                                                                                                      and regulators on trade policies to
                          could directly or indirectly have an adverse impact on the volumes
                                                                                                      advocate for fair trading conditions.
                          and/or prices of the Group’s sales.

Climate Change Risks
We reported in detail on climate risks in our Climate Action Report released in September 2021, and have provided additional information
in subsequent sustainability reports. In 2024, we re-assessed our climate risks in light of our renewed climate scenario analysis to better
understand the impacts of the physical and transitional climate-related risks on our assets and business activities. No material changes
were made to these identified risks following this process. BlueScope will release its second Climate Action Report in September 2024.
BlueScope is also exposed to risks associated with positioning the business for a low carbon world, these include:

Climate Change risks                                         Our Response
Reputational impacts      BlueScope has made                 BlueScope’s decarbonisation pathway was detailed in the 2021 Climate Action
if not demonstrating      commitments to both medium         Report, progress against this pathway is outlined each year in the annual
progress against          term emission intensity targets    Sustainability Report. A detailed update in our Climate Action report will be
public commitments.       and set a goal of net zero by      released in September 2024.
                          2050 . Failure to achieve and
                               1


                                                             BlueScope achieved a 12.2 per cent reduction in aggregated steelmaking
                          transparently communicate
                                                             emissions intensity against its FY2018 baseline, in line with its 2030
                          sufficient progress may
                                                             target level. This was primarily driven by the ramp-up of the North Star
                          negatively impact its ability to
                                                             expansion, along with operating and process efficiencies at Glenbrook and
                          recruit and retain employees,
                                                             Port Kembla Steelworks.
                          erode trust of customers,
                          regulators, governments,
                          investors and the communities
                          in which it operates.
Susceptibility of         BlueScope is exposed to long-      To update our analysis from 2021, in FY2024 BlueScope used a specialist
operations and            term implications of climate       technical consultant to model the exposure of our operations to climate-related
supply chains             change, such as increased          hazards as well as understand the high-level impacts of such hazards on the
to more                   frequency and intensity of         most critical parts of our supply chain.
extreme weather           natural hazards, which can
                                                             The outputs of this analysis indicated that our risk exposure to climate related
events and climate-       disrupt our operations and
                                                             hazards does not increase significantly in the short- to medium-term; however
related hazards.          supply chains.
                                                             this exposure will increase towards 2050 and the second half of this century
                                                             under the ‘high climate’ scenario2.
Access to capital         Concern over climate-related     BlueScope actively engages with capital and insurance markets to understand
(debt or equity) and      risks may result in higher       and respond to how climate change is impacting these markets in the
insurance becomes         cost of capital or insurance     longer term.
more restricted           premiums for BlueScope’s
or expensive.             business and our suppliers
                          of energy and raw materials,
                          impacting the Group’s ability to
                          execute on our strategy.
Challenges to             The pace of evolution of low       In FY2024, BlueScope announced a framework agreement with Australia’s two
develop and deploy        emissions iron and steelmaking     largest iron ore producers, BHP and Rio Tinto, to jointly investigate Australia’s
low emission iron         technology may not align           first ironmaking electric smelting furnace (ESF or ‘melter’) pilot plant using
and steelmaking and       with key capital decision          Pilbara ores. Named Project NeoSmelt, this project will consolidate the work
manufacturing             milestones. Limitations in         each party has completed on this technology to date in developing, building
technologies.             infrastructure, supply chains      and ultimately operating a Direct Reduced Iron (DRI)-ESF pilot plant.
                          and/or energy costs may
                                                             BlueScope also made solid progress in the year on Project IronFlame, its
                          impact the ability for
                                                             Australian DRI Options Study, refining 42 different configurations for DRI
                          breakthrough low emissions
                                                             supply chains at various locations to seven options across three locations,
                          steel to be practically and
                                                             for further investigation.
                          commercially adopted in
                          Australia and New Zealand.




28
Message from                     Earnings Report                   Directors' Report                 Remuneration                      Financial Report                  Additional
the Chair                                                                                            Report                                                              Information



 Climate Change risks                                                             Our Response
 Impact to                        Changes to climate and energy BlueScope monitors the exposure of our suppliers and works to maintain the
 availability of local            policies or licence conditions   capacity and relationships for alternate supply options if required.
 or commercially                  may restrict operating licences
 suitable raw                     or increase the cost base
 material supplies                of raw material suppliers or
 or energy due                    restrict their access to capital
 to climate change                or insurance.
 transition risks.
 Government                       Policy settings in key operating                In Australia, constructive engagement with the Federal Government achieved
 regulation of GHG                regions may not adequately                      key modifications to the Safeguard Mechanism that have materially alleviated
 emissions without                support the transition to low                   BlueScope's concerns regarding potential adverse impacts.
 sufficient measures              emission iron and steelmaking
                                                                                  BlueScope also secured a commitment from the Federal Government to
 to maintain                      technology. Climate change
                                                                                  provide a $136.8M grant to support the No.6 Blast Furnace Reline and Upgrade
 competitiveness.                 and energy policies may
                                                                                  project at Port Kembla Steelworks. However, ongoing close engagement with
                                  increase BlueScope’s cost
                                                                                  government will be required to manage residual political and regulatory risks.
                                  base compared to steel
                                  imports from countries with                     A government review is also underway to examine whether to apply a carbon
                                  less regulation.                                border adjustment mechanism to imported steel products. The Company has
                                                                                  made a submission to the review and briefed its officials. The review is
                                                                                  scheduled to report to government by the end of September 2024.
                                                                                  In New Zealand, BlueScope has partnered with the Government to co-fund an
                                                                                  electric arc furnace at the Glenbrook Steelworks, which is expected to reduce
                                                                                  the site’s annual GHG emissions by over 45 per cent. The EAF is targeted to
                                                                                  be operational in 2026. As part of the co-funding arrangement, BlueScope
                                                                                  is represented on an official government working group, which is discussing
                                                                                  further carbon reduction opportunities and helps inform the government’s
                                                                                  emissions targets and policies.
 Regulatory and                   There has been an increase     BlueScope is closely monitoring this risk in the jurisdictions in which we
 litigation risk.                 in the number of claims        operate and taking proactive steps to manage it. Fundamentally, this means
                                  brought against businesses     having a considered strategy to decarbonise our operations, taking concrete
                                  with respect to Climate Change steps to execute this strategy – with demonstrable results – and ensuring
                                  matters, both domestically and that we have the necessary resources and governance structures in place.
                                  globally. As we operate in and We also carefully consider our public commitments and statements regarding
                                  are connected to sectors that our decarbonisation efforts and results, to ensure that these are achievable,
                                  are hard to abate, there is a  accurate and supported by evidence, in order to mitigate the risk of
                                  continued risk of climate and  ‘greenwashing’ claims.
                                  environmental claims.
1. Our net zero goal covers BlueScope’s scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. Achieving our 2050 net zero goal is dependent on several key enablers, including: the development and diffusion of
   ironmaking technologies to viable, commercial scale; access to access to internationally cost-competitive, firmed large-scale renewable energy; availability of green hydrogen with natural gas
   enabling the transition to green hydrogen; access to appropriate quality and sufficient quantities of economic raw materials; and supportive and consistent policies across all these enablers to
   underpin decarbonisation.
2. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, Shared Socioeconomic Pathway, SSP5-8.5


Our climate action performance is reported annually in our Sustainability Report.

Other Material Risks

 Category                             Material risk
 Markets & Products
 Customer Experience                  • Not meeting the expected level of customer service and experience.
 Brands & Products                    • Failure to protect and innovate BlueScope’s premium brands and products.
 Product Quality                      • Poor product performance resulting in customer dissatisfaction and warranty claims.
 Health, Safety, Environment & Communities
 Safety & Health                      • Failing to protect the safety, health and wellbeing of BlueScope’s people, including the physical and
                                        non-physical impacts of BlueScope’s operations on the health of the people who work in its supply chains.
 Environment                          • Not optimising BlueScope's use of resources or minimising the impact of its operations on the local
                                        environment and the communities in which it operates.
 Communities                          • Not maintaining BlueScope's local licence to operate, by not participating in the communities that support
                                        its businesses or respecting local values.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  29
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



Category                   Material risk
Ethical Conduct & Compliance
Laws and Regulation        • Not complying with laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which BlueScope operates.
                           • Potential legal claims.
Social Impact and          • Not meeting BlueScope's compliance obligations and community expectations on ethical conduct.
Human Rights                 Includes payroll compliance, employment practices, wage theft, human rights and tax structuring.
People & Remuneration
Culture                    • Failing to maintain a culture that aligns with Our Purpose and Our Bond, and Code of Conduct.
Capability, Talent         • An inability to recruit and retain the leadership, management and technical skills required to develop and
& Succession                 deliver strategic plans and manage risk (particularly the engineering skills required for large capital projects
                             and technology capabilities to maintain BlueScope’s technology currency).
Operations
Production and Costs       • Failing to ensure the asset portfolio is efficiently utilised, including leveraging digital transformation to
                             optimise outcomes.
                           • Not maintaining a competitive cost base and security of supply for key inputs including labour, energy,
                             consumables and services.
                           • Not having the capacity to mitigate a major operational failure or disruption to BlueScope’s manufacturing
                             facilities or supply chain.
Technology
Cyber Security             • Failing to prevent cyber-attacks that disrupt BlueScope’s operations or lead to the loss of Personally
                             Identifiable Information (PII) or commercially sensitive information.
Systems, data              • Failing to implement and maintain technology and leverage digital transformation to achieve BlueScope’s
and information              strategic business objectives.
Financial
Business unit cashflow     • Failing to deliver acceptable levels of ROIC and cashflow.
and earnings               • Significant asset write-downs, particularly if market conditions deteriorate for an extended period of time.
Financial strength         • Failing to maintain funding capacity to manage volatility through the cycle including capacity to execute
                             M&A in troughs in the cycle.
                           • Exposure to bad and doubtful debts during an economic downturn.

Emerging Risks & Trends
The Group monitors emerging trends. While they are considered not to pose an immediate material threat to BlueScope, they have the
potential to rapidly disrupt or slowly evolve in such a way that could significantly impact the achievement of our strategic objectives in
the future. Examples include:

Category                   Emerging Risks
Geopolitical tensions      • Geopolitical tensions which could disrupt normal business operations, logistics or supply chains in the
                             regions in which the Group operates.
Emerging technologies      • Emerging technologies like generative AI, robotics, and advanced analytics are evolving rapidly, bringing
and automation               about significant and sometimes unpredictable implications for society. From a business perspective,
                             these technologies are disruptive and may advantage competitors if successfully adopted by them. They
                             also offer opportunities for BlueScope while introducing novel risks.
                           • A step change in iron making technology and adoption at scale would structurally change the economics
                             of the steel industry globally.

This document sets out information on the business strategies and prospects for future financial years and refers to likely developments
in BlueScope’s operations and the expected results of those operations in future financial years. This information is provided to
enable shareholders to make an informed assessment about the business strategies and prospects of BlueScope for future financial
years. Detail that could give rise to likely unreasonable prejudice to BlueScope, for example, public disclosure of information that is
commercially sensitive, confidential or could give a third party a commercial advantage has not been included.




30
Message from                      Earnings Report                Directors' Report               Remuneration                     Financial Report                Additional
the Chair                                                                                        Report                                                           Information




Detailed
Explanatory Tables

(A) Detailed Income Statement
The Group comprises five reportable operating segments: Australian Steel Products; North Star BlueScope Steel; Buildings and Coated
Products North America; Building Products Asia & North America and New Zealand & Pacific Islands.

Table 12: Detailed income Statement

                                                                                        Revenue                          Reported Result                      Underlying Result
 $M                                                                               FY2024             FY2023             FY2024             FY2023             FY2024           FY2023
 Sales revenue / EBIT         1


 Australian Steel Products                                                       6,982.3            7,930.2               354.4              492.1              376.9            537.1
 North Star BlueScope Steel                                                      3,840.7            3,479.6               492.4              433.0              493.9            443.0
 Buildings and Coated Products North America                                     3,697.0            3,640.8               415.9              503.1              431.4            526.9
 Coated Products Asia                                                            2,075.9            2,630.6               146.6                91.7             159.6            141.7
 New Zealand and Pacific Islands                                                    914.7              962.6                43.7             128.6                43.7           128.6
 Discontinued operations                                                                    -                  -              1.2                8.5                     -               -
 Segment revenue / EBIT1                                                       17,510.6           18,643.8             1,454.2            1,657.0            1,505.5          1,777.3
 Inter-segment eliminations                                                       (501.2)            (469.6)                22.1               16.2               22.2             16.3
 Segment external revenue/EBIT                                                 17,009.4           18,174.2             1,476.3            1,673.2            1,527.7          1,793.6
 Other revenue/(net unallocated expenses)                                           102.6                68.2           (200.3)            (185.9)            (188.5)           (185.9)
 Total revenue / EBIT        1
                                                                               17,112.0           18,242.4             1,276.0            1,487.3            1,339.2          1,607.7
 Borrowing costs                                                                                                          (64.4)             (72.4)             (62.1)            (70.5)
 Interest Revenue                                                                                                           56.7               35.6               56.7             35.6
 Profit / (loss) from ordinary activities before income tax                                                            1,268.3            1,450.5            1,333.8          1,572.8
 Income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                                           (320.1)             (352.0)           (324.6)           (359.6)
 Profit / (loss) from ordinary activities after income tax expense                                                        948.2           1,098.5            1,009.2          1,213.2
 Net (profit)/loss attributable to outside equity interest                                                              (142.5)              (89.3)           (148.5)           (114.4)
 Net profit / (loss) attributable to equity holders of BlueScope Steel                                                    805.7           1,009.2               860.7         1,098.8
 Basic Earnings per share (cents)                                                                                         180.0              217.4              192.3            236.7
1. Performance of operating segments is based on EBIT, which excludes the effects of interest and tax. The Company considers this a useful and appropriate segment performance measure
   because Group financing (including interest expense and interest income) and income taxes are managed on a Group basis and are not allocated to operating segments.




                                                                                                                                                                                         31
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




(B) Reconciliation of Underlying Earnings to Reported Earnings
The Company has provided an analysis of unusual items included in the reported IFRS financial information. These items have been
considered in relation to their size and nature, and have been adjusted from the reported information to assist readers to better
understand the financial performance of the underlying operating business. Throughout this report, the Group has used the term
‘reported’ to reference IFRS financial information and ‘underlying’ to reference non-IFRS financial information. These adjustments are
assessed on a consistent basis from period to period and include both favourable and unfavourable items. Non-IFRS financial information
while not subject to audit or review has been extracted from the financial report which has been audited by BlueScope’s external
auditors. An explanation of each adjustment and reconciliation to the reported IFRS financial information is provided in the table below.

Table 13: Reconciliation of Underlying Earnings to Reported Earnings

                                                                 EBITDA $M                                EBIT $M                          NPAT $M                               EPS $1
                                                            FY2024            FY2023            FY2024            FY2023             FY2024           FY2023             FY2024             FY2023
 Reported Earnings                                         1,968.9           2,145.7            1,276.0          1,487.3                  805.7      1,009.2                  1.80            2.17
 Underlying adjustments:
   Net (gains) / losses from
                                                                 (1.2)             (8.5)             (1.2)                (8.5)             1.3            (4.0)              0.00           (0.01)
   businesses discontinued2
   Asset Impairments3                                                  -           50.0                     -             50.0                  -          25.0                     -         0.05
   Business development and
                                                                17.1               30.4             17.1               30.4                13.5            24.0               0.03            0.05
   acquisition costs4
   Restructure and redundancy costs5                              6.6                     -            6.6                   -              2.7                  -            0.01                    -
   Operating Disruptions          6
                                                                       -             3.4                    -              3.4                  -            2.7                    -         0.01
   Entity Liquidation7                                          11.8                      -         11.8                     -             11.8                  -            0.03                    -
   Legal Provisions        8
                                                                22.5               45.0             22.5               45.0                22.5            42.0               0.05            0.09
   Land Asset re-classification            9
                                                                       -                  -            6.3                   -              3.2                  -            0.01                    -
 Underlying Operational Earnings                           2,025.8           2,266.0            1,339.2          1,607.7                  860.7      1,098.8                  1.92            2.37
1. EPS is based on the average number of shares on issue during the respective reporting periods of 447.7M in FY2024 and 464.2M in FY2023.
2. FY2024 reflects royalty revaluation gain ($1.4M pre-tax) relating to the previously sold Taharoa iron sands operations, and net losses ($0.2M pre-tax) from other discontinued operations.
   FY2023 reflects royalty revaluation gain ($5.9M pre-tax) relating to the previously sold Taharoa iron sands operations, warranty provision write-back relating to the previously sold Australian
   water tank business ($2.3M pre-tax), and gains ($0.3M pre-tax) from other discontinued operations.
3. FY2023 reflects the impairment of the property, plant and equipment of Building Products Malaysia ($50.0M pre-tax).
4. FY2024 reflects costs associated with the acquisition and integration of the US coil coatings business ($15.5M pre-tax) and the US ferrous scrap steel recycling businesses ($1.6M pre-tax).
   FY2023 reflects costs associated with the acquisition and integration of the US coil coatings business ($20.4M pre-tax) and the US ferrous scrap steel recycling businesses ($7.4M pre-tax),
   and pre-commissioning costs associated with the expansion project at North Star ($2.7M pre-tax).
5. FY2024 reflects restructure and redundancy costs in the Coated Products Asia business ($6.6M pre-tax).
6. FY2023 reflects costs relating to storm damage at US coil coatings business Rancho Cucamonga site ($3.4M pre-tax).
7. FY2024 reflects the impact of equity reserves (foreign currency translation) transferred to profit & loss on liquidation of the dormant BlueScope Steel International Ltd entity (UK).
8. FY2024 reflects additional provision raised and paid during the period, arising from the civil proceedings against BlueScope brought by the ACCC. FY2023 reflects provision raised for an
   estimate of penalty and legal costs associated with the ongoing ACCC civil cartel proceedings against BlueScope.
9. FY2024 reflects the accounting re-classification of a land asset in Indonesia to leases ($6.3M pre-tax).


Table 14: Segmental underlying EBIT adjustments

 FY2024 EBIT Underlying                                                     North                                                                          Discon
 Adjustments $M                                              ASP             Star             BCPNA        CP Asia          NZPac           Corp            Ops              PISE             Total
 Net (gains) / losses from
 businesses discontinued                                             -                -               -               -               -               -        (1.2)                    -      (1.2)
 Business development and
 acquisition costs                                                   -           1.6            15.5                  -               -               -              -                  -     17.1
 Restructure and redundancy costs                                    -                -               -           6.6                 -               -              -                  -       6.6
 Entity Liquidation                                                  -                -               -               -               -         11.8                 -                  -     11.8
 Legal Provisions                                              22.5                   -               -               -               -               -              -                  -     22.5
 Land Asset re-classification                                        -                -               -           6.3                 -               -              -                  -       6.3
 Underlying Adjustments                                        22.5              1.6            15.5            13.0                  -        11.8            (1.2)                    -     63.2




32
Message from                    Earnings Report                  Directors' Report                Remuneration                    Financial Report                 Additional
the Chair                                                                                         Report                                                           Information




(C) Cash Flow Statement
Table 15: Consolidated cash flow statement

 $M                                                                                                                             FY2024                   FY2023          Variance %
 Reported EBITDA                                                                                                               1,968.9                  2,145.7                   (8%)
 Adjust for non cash items
   - Share of profits from associates and joint venture partnership not received
   as dividends                                                                                                                     12.8                      (1.9)              779%
   - Expensing of share-based employee benefits                                                                                     21.4                     23.4                 (8%)
   - Impairment of Assets                                                                                                                 -                  49.7            (100%)
   - Net (gain) loss on sale of assets & investments                                                                                  8.6                      9.3                (7%)
 Cash EBITDA                                                                                                                   2,011.7                  2,226.2                  (10%)
 Changes in working capital                                                                                                      (245.3)                   394.5             (162%)
 Gross operating cash flow                                                                                                     1,766.4                  2,620.7                  (33%)
 Finance costs                                                                                                                     (60.2)                  (73.3)                18%
 Interest received                                                                                                                  55.3                     34.9                58%
 Tax received / (paid)1                                                                                                          (351.4)                 (431.5)                 19%
 Net cash from operating activities                                                                                            1,410.0                  2,150.9                  (34%)
 Capex: payments for PP&E and intangibles                                                                                        (976.3)                 (808.7)                 (21%)
 Other investing cash flows                                                                                                           9.3                 (170.4)                105%
 Cash from operating and investing (post-tax)                                                                                     443.0                 1,171.8                  (62%)
 Share buy-backs                                                                                                                 (323.3)                 (284.9)                 (14%)
 Dividends to BSL shareholders                                                                                                   (224.9)                 (233.1)                  4%
 Dividends to outside equity interest             1
                                                                                                                                 (126.2)                 (203.1)                 38%
 Net drawing / (repayment) of borrowings                                                                                           (58.5)                (527.7)                 89%
 Repayment of leases                                                                                                             (116.3)                 (111.9)                  (4%)
 Other                                                                                                                                    -                        -             100%
 Net increase / (decrease) in cash held                                                                                          (406.2)                 (188.9)             (115%)
1. These dividend payments primarily relate to dividend payments to Nippon Steel Corporation (NSC) in respect of the NS BlueScope Coated Products joint venture.




                                                                                                                                                                                    33
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




          02.
Section




           Directors'
           Report




34
Message from             Earnings Report          Directors' Report        Remuneration             Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                  Report                                            Information




Board Composition
and Meetings

Board Composition
The following persons were Directors of the Company during the whole of the financial year and up to the date of this Directors’ Report,
except as otherwise stated:

• Jane McAloon AM                                                        • Mark Vassella
  Chair                                                                    Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
• Ewen Crouch AM                                                         • Rebecca Dee-Bradbury
• Jennifer Lambert                                                       • Kathleen Conlon
• K'Lynne Johnson                                                        • ZhiQiang Zhang
• Peter Alexander                                                        • Alistair Field
• John Bevan (retired 21 November 2023)

Particulars of the skills, experience, expertise and special responsibilities of the Directors in office at the date of this report are set
out below.




Directors’ Biographies

Jane McAloon AM                             Ms McAloon is Chair and a non-executive director of EnergyAustralia Holdings Ltd and a non-
                                            executive director of Allianz Australia Ltd. Ms McAloon held executive leadership positions
                                            with BHP where she spent nine years, including two years on the Group Management
Chair
                                            Committee as President Governance. She was a senior executive at AGL and held executive
(Independent)                               leadership roles with the NSW Cabinet Office and the Energy, Rail and Natural Resources
BEc(Hons), LLB, GDip CorpGov, FAICD         Departments. She previously worked as an economist and in private legal practice.
                                            Ms McAloon is Chair of the Monash University Foundation and is an independent member of
Chair since: November 2023                  the advisory board of Allens. She was a non-executive Director of the Civil Aviation Safety
Director since: September 2022              Authority and the Port of Melbourne. She was Chair of Australian Defence Reserves Support
                                            Council, a senior adviser to Brunswick Group Asia, a director of the Australian War Memorial
Directorships of other Australian listed
                                            and a member of the Referendum Council on Constitutional Recognition for Aboriginal and
entities in the past three years:
                                            Torres Strait Islander Peoples.
• Newcrest Mining Ltd
                                            Ms McAloon brings to BlueScope over 30 years of business, government and regulatory
  (Jul-21 to Nov-23)
                                            experience at senior executive and board levels across the natural resources, energy,
• United Malt Group Ltd                     infrastructure and utilities sectors. Having spent most of her career in emissions intensive
  (Feb-20 to Feb-23)                        industries, she has deep experience working at the intersection of business and sustainability
• HMC Capital Ltd                           challenges including across the UK, US and Asia.
  (Oct-19 to Nov-22)                        Ms McAloon is a member of the Remuneration & Organisation Committee and the
• Viva Energy Group Ltd                     Nomination Committee.
  (Jun-18 to Aug-21).

Mark Vassella                               Mark Vassella was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in
                                            January 2018.
Managing Director &                         He joined the Company following BlueScope's 2007 acquisition of Smorgon Steel Distribution
Chief Executive Officer                     where he was the Chief Executive. He was appointed Chief Executive Australian Distribution
BCom, MBA                                   and Solutions before moving to the US as President, BlueScope Steel North America in
Director since: January 2018                2008. He returned to Australia in 2011 to take up the role of Chief Executive BlueScope
                                            Australia and New Zealand.
Directorships of other Australian listed
entities in the past three years: Nil.      Mr Vassella is on the Executive Board of Directors at World Steel Association (worldsteel) and
                                            holds the office of Treasurer. He is a past Board member, President and Treasurer of the Family
                                            Life charitable organisation.



                                                                                                                                              35
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Ewen Crouch AM                             Mr Crouch is Chairman of RSL LifeCare Ltd and is a non-executive director and Chairman of
                                           both Corporate Travel Management Limited and AnteoTech Ltd. He is a Fellow of the Australian
                                           Institute of Company Directors and a board member of Jawun. Mr Crouch was a Partner at
Non-executive Director
                                           Allens from 1998 to 2013 where his roles included Chairman of Partners, Co-Head Mergers
(Independent)                              and Acquisitions and Equity Capital Markets, Executive Partner – Asian Offices and Deputy
BEc (Hons) LLB, FAICD                      Managing Partner, as well as 11 years’ service on its board. He served as a director of Mission
Director since: March 2013                 Australia between 1995 and 2016, including seven years as its Chairman.
Directorships of other Australian listed   Mr Crouch served as a non-executive director of Westpac Banking Corporation from 2013
entities in the past three years:          to 2019. He was a member of the Takeovers Panel from 2010 to 2015, a member of the
• Corporate Travel Management              Commonwealth Remuneration Tribunal from 2015 to 2019 and a director of the Sydney
  Limited (Mar-19 to date)                 Symphony Orchestra from 2009 to 2020.
• AnteoTech Ltd (Apr-22 to date)           Mr Crouch brings to the Board the breadth of his experience in service industries, financial
                                           markets, governance and risk management together with his knowledge of strategic mergers,
                                           acquisitions and capital markets transactions.
                                           Mr Crouch is Chair of the Risk & Sustainability Committee and is a member of the Audit
                                           Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Rebecca Dee-Bradbury                       Ms Dee-Bradbury is a non-executive director of EnergyAustralia Holdings Ltd and Australian
                                           Foundation Investment Company Ltd. She is a former non-executive director of Bapcor
                                           Limited, GrainCorp Limited and Tower Limited (NZ). She is also a member of Chief Executive
Non-executive Director
                                           Women and a former member of the WomenCorporateDirectors Foundation, the Federal
(Independent)                              Government's Asian Century Strategic Advisory Board and the Business Advisory Board at
BBus (Mkt), GAICD                          the Monash Business School.
Director since: April 2014
                                           Ms Dee-Bradbury was Chief Executive Officer/President Developed Markets Asia Pacific
Directorships of other Australian listed   and ANZ for Kraft/Cadbury from 2010 to 2014, leading the business through significant
entities in the past three years:          transformational change. Before joining Kraft/Cadbury Ms Dee-Bradbury was Group CEO of
• Bapcor Limited (Sep-23 to Dec-23)        the global Barbeques Galore group and has held other senior executive roles in organisations
• Australian Foundation Investment         including Maxxium, Burger King Corporation and Lion Nathan/Pepsi Cola Bottlers.
  Company Ltd (May-19 to date)             Ms Dee-Bradbury brings to the Board significant experience in strategic brand marketing,
                                           customer relationship management, digitisation and innovation.
                                           Ms Dee-Bradbury is Chair of the Remuneration & Organisation Committee and is a member of
                                           the Health, Safety, Environment & Community Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Jennifer Lambert                           Ms Lambert is a non-executive director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee for each
                                           of NEXTDC Limited, REA Group Limited and Investa Property Group. Ms Lambert is also on
                                           the Council of the Sydney Church of England Grammar School (Shore). She is a Fellow of the
Non-executive Director
                                           Australian Institute of Company Directors and a member of its Reporting Committee.
(Independent)
BBus, MEc, CA, FAICD                       Ms Lambert has extensive business and leadership experience at the senior executive and
Director since: September 2017             board level. Ms Lambert was Group Chief Financial Officer of 151 Property (previously
                                           known as Valad Property Group) from 2003 to 2016 and prior to this, a director at
Directorships of other Australian listed   PricewaterhouseCoopers in transaction services. Ms Lambert was previously on the boards of
entities in the past three years:          Mission Australia and Place Management NSW.
• NEXTDC Limited (Oct-19 to date)          Ms Lambert brings more than 30 years of financial management and accounting experience,
• REA Group Limited                        along with over 15 years specialising in the property industry and 15 years of experience as a
  (Dec-20 to date)                         director of for-purpose entities.
                                           Ms Lambert is Chair of the Audit Committee and is a member of the Risk & Sustainability
                                           Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Kathleen Conlon                            Ms Conlon is Chair and a non-executive director of Pilbara Minerals Limited. She is also a
                                           non-executive director of Aristocrat Leisure Limited and a former non-executive director of
                                           CSR Limited, REA Group Limited and the Benevolent Society. Ms Conlon also Chairs the
Non-executive Director
                                           Corporate Governance Committee of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD) and
(Independent)                              is a member of Chief Executive Women. She is also a former Chair of Lynas Rare Earths
BA (Econ)(DIST), MBA, FAICD                Limited, a former President of the NSW Council and a former National Board member of
Director since: February 2020              the AICD.
Directorships of other Australian listed   Ms Conlon brings over 20 years of professional management consulting experience
entities in the past three years:          specialising in strategy, supply chain, technology and operational improvement and has
• Lynas Rare Earths Limited                advised leading companies across a wide range of industries and countries. An American/
  (Nov-11 to Nov-23)                       Australian dual national, Ms Conlon joined the Chicago office of The Boston Consulting Group
• REA Group Limited                        (BCG) in 1985, before transferring to the Sydney office in 1994. In her seven years as partner
  (Jun-07 to Nov-21)                       and director, Ms Conlon led BCG’s Asia Pacific operations practice and the Sydney Office. She
                                           was awarded a Commonwealth Centenary Medal for Services to Business Leadership in 2003.
• Aristocrat Leisure Limited
  (Feb-14 to date)                         Ms Conlon is a member of the Remuneration & Organisation Committee, the Audit Committee
                                           and the Nomination Committee.
• Pilbara Minerals Limited
  (Jan-24 to date)


36
Message from           Earnings Report          Directors' Report        Remuneration           Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                         Information




K’Lynne Johnson                            Ms Johnson is a non-executive director of US based companies JM Huber Corporation (2020
                                           to present), Sylvatex Inc (2016 to present) and FMC Corporation (2013 to present) and is Chair
                                           of Trinseo SA (2017 to present), the latter two companies both listed on the NYSE.
Non-executive Director
(Independent)                              Ms Johnson has had a global career with extensive knowledge of the US market and has
BSc(OrgPsych), MOrgBehav                   spent significant time in Asia. Ms Johnson was an executive in the chemicals industry for
Director since: January 2022               over 28 years and has worked in early stage sustainability-driven ventures as well as in more
                                           mature businesses.
Directorships of other Australian listed
entities in the past three years: Nil.     Ms Johnson is the former Chair of Elevance Renewable Sciences Inc (2015 to 2016) following
                                           eight years as President and founding CEO (2007 to 2015). Prior to joining Elevance,
                                           Ms Johnson spent over twenty years in the oil and petrochemical industry with Amoco
                                           Corporation (1992 to 1999) and BP Chemicals (1999 to 2004), joining BP after its merger
                                           with Amoco in 1998. During this time, Ms Johnson held both operational and functional
                                           roles, culminating in her role as Senior Vice President of Global Derivatives with BP’s Innovene
                                           business (2004 to 2005) (which was sold to the Ineos group in 2005). In addition, Ms
                                           Johnson was the co-founder and owner of BeauLily LLC (2006 to 2014), a therapeutic hand
                                           products company.
                                           Ms Johnson brings to BlueScope extensive experience in the areas of technological led
                                           transformation, sustainability, renewables, human resources, customers and innovation. She
                                           also brings traditional high capital-intensive sector experience.
                                           Ms Johnson is based in North America.
                                           Ms Johnson is Chair of the Health, Safety, Environment & Community Committee and a
                                           member of the Remuneration & Organisation Committee and the Nomination Committee.

ZhiQiang Zhang                             Mr Zhang is the Head of China for Fortescue Energy, President of the Swiss Chamber of
                                           Commerce in Beijing and Operating Partner of CITIC Capital. Mr Zhang was an advisor to
                                           CLEC Co Ltd from 2022 to 2023 and a non-executive director of the Swedish Chamber of
Non-executive Director
                                           Commerce in China (2016 to 2022). He was also a non-executive director of Georg Fischer
(Independent)                              AG (2005 to 2021) and Datwyler Holding AG (2016 to 2021), companies listed on the Swiss
BEng(Elec), MBA, FAICD                     Stock Exchange.
Director since: January 2022
                                           Mr Zhang has extensive business and leadership experience at the senior executive level
Directorships of other Australian listed   including over 25 years at Siemens and Siemens Nokia Networks with his last role as President
entities in the past three years: Nil.     & Chief Executive Officer, Greater China Region (2005 to 2012). More recently, Mr Zhang was
                                           President of Asia Pacific Region and a member of the Group Executive Management team of
                                           Sandvik AB (2012 to 2018) and Group Senior Vice President & President of ABB China (2018
                                           to 2021).
                                           Mr Zhang has a background in blue-chip manufacturing and product development, including
                                           industrial digitisation, automation and robotics. Having worked in asset-heavy industrials for
                                           most of his career, Mr Zhang has deep sector knowledge in automotive, machine tools,
                                           steel making, foundry, telecommunications and infrastructure. He also brings to BlueScope a
                                           deep understanding of China and broader Asian markets and insight into areas of innovation
                                           and growth.
                                           Mr Zhang is based in China.
                                           Mr Zhang is a member of the Risk & Sustainability Committee, the Health, Safety, Environment
                                           & Community Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Peter Alexander                            Mr Alexander is the Lead Director of Overhead Doors LLC and Colony Hardware Corporation.
                                           He is a former non-executive director of Boral Limited. Mr Alexander is an experienced
                                           former chief executive with more than 28 years of senior executive experience in US building
Non-executive Director
                                           materials and distribution, technology products and services. From 2010 until 2018, Mr
(Independent)                              Alexander was CEO of Building Materials Holding Corporation and then President and CEO
BA, MBA                                    of the merged NASDAQ listed group BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMC), a building materials
Director since: September 2022             distributor and construction solutions provider. Prior to this, Mr Alexander was President and
Directorships of other Australian listed   CEO of ORCO Construction Distribution from 2005 to 2009, the largest independent building
entities in the past three years:          materials distributor in the Western United States. He was managing partner of KinderOaks
                                           Business Services from 2002 to 2005. Mr Alexander previously served as President and
• Boral Limited (Sep-18 to Oct-21)
                                           CEO, or in other executive positions, for several other companies in the technology, retail,
                                           distribution and service industries, including GE Capital, ComputerLand/Vanstar, Premiere
                                           Global Services and Coast to Coast Hardware.
                                           Mr Alexander brings to BlueScope extensive experience in the US and Australian building
                                           materials, retail, technology and telecommunications sectors.
                                           Mr Alexander is based in North America.
                                           Mr Alexander is a member of the Risk & Sustainability Committee, the Health, Safety,
                                           Environment & Community Committee and the Nomination Committee.




                                                                                                                                            37
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




 Alistair Field                                               Mr Field has most recently held the position of Chief Executive Officer and Managing
                                                              Director of Sims Limited based in the US and Australia. Mr Field has more than 30 years
                                                              of experience in the mining, metals and manufacturing sectors. Prior to joining Sims Limited,
 Non-executive Director
                                                              he held a number of senior leadership positions including as Director of the Patrick Terminal &
 (Independent)                                                Logistics division of Asciano Limited and as Chief Operating Officer of Rio Tinto’s Bauxite and
 Mech Eng, MBA                                                Alumina Division.
 Director since: January 2024
                                                              Mr Field brings to BlueScope a global perspective, having worked at a senior executive level
 Directorships of other Australian listed                     in North America, the Middle East, South Africa and the UK with extensive heavy industry
 entities in the past three years:                            experience, operational and safety expertise, including an understanding of complex and
 • Sims Limited                                               large-scale capital projects.
   (Oct-15 to Sep-23)                                         Mr Field is a member of the Audit Committee, the Health, Safety, Environment & Community
 • Alumina Limited                                            Committee and the Nomination Committee.
   (Jan-24 to Aug-24)
 • Alcoa Limited
   (Aug-24 to present)




Company Secretaries
The following are Company Secretaries of the Company:



 Penny Grau                                                   Responsible for the Company Secretarial matters of the Company.
 BCom, LLB, LLM                                               Appointed the Company Secretary & Group Counsel Governance on 30 June 2022 following
                                                              her appointments as Group Counsel – Secretariat with BlueScope on 6 November 2017, and a
                                                              Company Secretary on 27 November 2017.
                                                              Previously occupied positions of general counsel and company secretary at a number of
                                                              listed companies for 10 years, and prior to this practised as a corporate lawyer for 18 years.

 Debra Counsell                                               Global responsibility for legal affairs, ethics and compliance of BlueScope.
 BA, LLB                                                      Appointed Chief Legal Officer on 1 January 2017 and Company Secretary on 1 July 2017.
                                                              Prior to that occupied the position of General Counsel – Corporate at BlueScope since 2014,
                                                              following 23 years of private practice in Australia, Asia and Europe.




Particulars of Directors' Interests in Shares and Options of
BlueScope Steel Limited
As at the date of this Directors’ Report the interests of the Directors in shares and options of the Company are:

 Director                               Ordinary shares                      Share rights                 Director                               Ordinary shares                       Share rights
 J McAloon AM                                       15,128                                    -           K Conlon                                           10,208                                     -
 M Vassella                                   1,052,748                            363,580        1
                                                                                                          K Johnson                                                     -                       3,8202
 E Crouch AM                                         42,092                                   -           Z Zhang                                              4,800                                    -
 R Dee-Bradbury                                     27,300                                    -           P Alexander                                        16,000                                     -
 J M Lambert                                        21,608                                    -           A Field                                                       -                               -
1. Unvested rights, subject to achieving performance hurdles.
2. Rights will remain as vested share rights until the exercise and allocation of shares, which occurs automatically at the end of the Trading Restriction Period (i.e. 15 years after the date the share
   rights are granted, or the date the Director ceases to be a Director of the Company, whichever occurs earlier, unless BlueScope determines otherwise).




38
Message from the Chair                          Earnings Report                                 Directors' Report                    Remuneration Report            Financial Report              Additional Information




Meetings of Directors
Attendance of the Directors at Board and Board Committee meetings from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                                           Remuneration and   Health, Safety and                           Risk and
                                                                                                             Organisation       Environment            Nomination        Sustainability    Director Sub-          Annual
                                                   Board Meetings               Audit Committee               Committee          Committee             Committee          Committee        Committees1        General Meeting
                                                      A              B              A            B             A       B         A           B         A       B          A            B   A         B          A          B
 J McAloon AM              (as member)               13             13              -            -             2       2         3           3         6       6          2            2   6         6          1          1
                           (as invitee)    2
                                                      -              -              -            4                 -   2         -           2         -        -         -            2    -         -         -          -
 M Vassella                (as member)               13             13              -            -                 -   -         3           3         -        -         -            -   3         3          1          1
                           (as invitee)2              -              -              -            4                 -   5         -           2         -       6          -            4    -        3          -          -
 E Crouch AM               (as member)               13             12              4            4                 -   -         3           3         6       6          4            4   3         3          1          1
                           (as invitee)2              -              -              -            -                 -   1         -           1         -        -         -            -    -         -         -          -
 R Dee-Bradbury            (as member)               13             13              -            -             6       6         5           4         6       5          -            -    -         -         1          1
                           (as invitee)2              -              -              -            2                 -   -         -           -         -        -         -            -    -         -         -          -
 J Lambert                 (as member)               13             13              4            4                 -   -         3           3         6       6          4            4   6         6          1          1
                           (as invitee)    2
                                                      -              -              -            -                 -   1         -           1         -        -         -            -    -         -         -          -
 K Conlon                  (as member)               13             12              4            4             6       6         3           3         6       6          -            -    -         -         1          1
                           (as invitee)2              -              -              -            -                 -   -         -           1         -        -         -            1    -         -         -          -
 Z Zhang                   (as member)               13             11              -            -                 -   -         5           5         6       6          4            4   2         2          1          1
                           (as invitee)2              -              -              -            2                 -   1         -           -         -        -         -            -    -         -         -          -
 K Johnson                 (as member)               13             13              -            -             6       6         5           5         6       6          -            -    -         -         1          1
                           (as invitee)2              -              -              -            2                 -   -         -           -         -        -         -            -    -         -         -          -
 P Alexander               (as member)               13             12              3            3                 -   -         5           4         6       6          1            1   2         2          1          1
                           (as invitee)    2
                                                      -              -              -            -                 -   1         -           -         -        -         -            -    -         -         -          -
 A Field                   (as member)                5              5              2            2                 -   -         3           3         2       2          -            -   3         3          -          -
1. The Board forms sub-committees from time to time to provide oversight on specific matters as may be required.
2. The Director is not a Committee member and attended pursuant to their standing invitation.


Ms McAloon was appointed Chair of the Board on 21 November 2023 and from this date attended all meetings of Committees of which she was not a member as an invitee. Mr Field was appointed as a
Director in 15 January 2024. Otherwise all current Directors have held office for the entire year ended 30 June 2024.
A = Number of meetings held in the period 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024, during which time the relevant Director was a member of the Board or the Committee, as the case may be.
B = Number of meetings attended by the relevant Director.
Directors meet regularly in the absence of management.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                               39
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Other Matters


Review of Operations
A review of the Group’s operations during the financial year and the results of those operations is set out in the FY2024 Earnings
Report on pages 6-33 of this Annual Report. The FY2024 Earnings Report is incorporated by reference into, and forms part of, this
Directors' report.

Remuneration Report
The FY2024 Remuneration Report is set out on pages 43-70 of this Annual Report and is incorporated by reference into, and forms
part of, this Directors' report.

Environmental Regulation
BlueScope’s manufacturing operations are subject to significant environmental reporting obligations. In FY2024, BlueScope notified
relevant authorities of thirty-nine incidents resulting in environmental non-compliance, sixteen of which occurred in Australia, seven of
which occurred in New Zealand and sixteen of which occurred in the United States of America. This is a reduction in BlueScope’s total
reportable environmental non-compliances, when compared with FY2023. This reduction is despite continued expansion of our global
operations in FY2024, principally through production increases at our North Star operations and the inclusion of our BlueScope Coated
Products acquisition in external reporting in FY2024. All the reported non-compliances were low severity, with no material environmental
or health impacts. The operations continue to treat low level incidents seriously, focusing on opportunities to minimise the likelihood
of re-occurrence.
The NSW Environment Protection Authority (EPA) issued Australian Steel Products three separate penalty infringement notices in
FY2024. The first of these notices was issued in response to two air emission incidents from our coke making operations at Port Kembla
Steelworks, which occurred on 14 and 27 September 2023, incurring a penalty of $15,000. The second notice, also incurring a penalty
of $15,000, was issued in response to a grout discharge incident at our berth operations at Port Kembla Steelworks, which occurred
on 10 February 2024. The third notice was issued in response to an air emissions incident from our coke making operations at Port
Kembla Steelworks, which occurred on 30 May 2024, incurring a penalty of $30,000. Australian Steel Products also received a formal
warning from the EPA in relation to coke oven door emissions from our coke making operations at Port Kembla Steelworks, recorded on
14 December 2023.
In the United States of America, the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) issued a stormwater record keeping violation
(US$1,500) at our NS BlueScope ASC Salem facility, recorded on 23 December 2023. In addition, following a South Coast Air Quality
Management District (SCAQMD) review of historic incidents and documentation from our NS BlueScope Rancho Cucamonga facility in
California, the SCAQMD issued three backdated violations, one violation in each of FY2019, FY2021 and FY2022. The total fine issued for
these three incidents was US$11,000.
No additional environment-related penalty infringement notices or violations have been reported across BlueScope’s operations.
Further environmental information will be provided in BlueScope’s Sustainability Report, due for release in September 2024.

Indemnification and Insurance of Officers
The Company has entered into directors' and officers' insurance policies and paid an insurance premium in respect of the insurance
policies, to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The insurance policies cover former Directors of the Company along
with the current Directors of the Company (listed on page 35). Executive officers and employees of the Company and its related bodies
corporate are also covered.
In accordance with Rule 21 of its Constitution, the Company to the maximum extent permitted by law:
• must indemnify any current or former Director or Secretary; and
• may indemnify current or former executive officers,
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, against all liabilities (and certain legal costs) incurred in those capacities to a person, including
a liability incurred as a result of appointment or nomination by the Company or its subsidiaries as a trustee or as a Director, officer or
employee of another corporation.
Current and previous Directors of the Company and a previous Chief Financial Officer and a previous Chief Legal Officer and Company
Secretary have entered into an Access, Insurance and Indemnity Deed (Deed) with the Company. The Deed addresses some or all of
the matters set out in Rule 21 of the Constitution and includes, among other things, provisions requiring the Company to indemnify an
officer to the extent to which they are not already indemnified as permitted under law, and to use its best endeavours to maintain an
insurance policy covering the period while they are in office and seven years after ceasing to hold office. It is the Company’s practice



40
Message from            Earnings Report          Directors' Report        Remuneration             Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                 Report                                            Information


that its employees should be protected from any liability they incur as a result of acting in the course of their employment, while acting in
good faith.
The Directors have not included details of the nature of the liabilities covered or the amount of the premium paid in respect of the
directors' and officers' liability insurance contract, as (in accordance with normal commercial practice) such disclosure is prohibited
under the terms of the contract.

Indemnification of Auditors
To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst & Young, as part of the terms of its audit
engagement agreement against claims by third parties arising from the audit. No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst & Young
during or since the end of the financial year.

Proceedings on Behalf of BlueScope
As at the date of this Report, there are no leave applications or proceedings made in respect of BlueScope or that a person has brought
or intervened in on behalf of BlueScope under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001.

Matters Subsequent to the Year Ended 30 June 2024
Refinance of bilateral loan facilities
During July 2024, BlueScope finalised the refinancing of its core bilateral loan facilities, increasing the capacity to $1,500 million from
$1,310 million and extending the maturity of each of the three tranches by two years.
Other than matters outlined elsewhere in the financial report, no other matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the
financial year that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations, results of operations or state of affairs of the
Group in subsequent accounting periods

Rounding of Amounts
BlueScope is a company of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financials/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
dated 24 March 2016, and in accordance with that Corporations Instrument amounts in the Directors' Report are rounded off to the
nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise indicated.

Auditor's Independence
Ernst & Young was appointed auditor for BlueScope at the 2002 Annual General Meeting.

Auditor Independence Declaration
A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is included on page 42
within the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2024.

Non-Audit Services
Ernst & Young provided $808,800 of non-audit services during the year ended 30 June 2024, comprising:
• $677,000 for advisory services; and
• $131,800 for tax compliance and other assurance services.
The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services during the year by the auditor is compatible with, and did not
compromise, the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:
• all non-audit services have been reviewed and approved to ensure that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity of the
  auditor; and
• none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics
  for Professional Accountants issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board, including reviewing or auditing the
  auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision-making capacity for the Company, acting as advocate for the Company or
  jointly sharing economic risks and rewards.
Further details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for audit and non-audit services provided during the financial year are set
out in Note 33 of the consolidated financial statements.

This report has been made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




Jane McAloon, AM                              Mark Vassella
Chair                                         Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

19 August 2024



                                                                                                                                                 41
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




                                                         Ernst & Young                        Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                         8 Exhibition Street                  Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                         Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia         ey.com/au
                                                         GPO Box 67 Melbourne VIC 3001




            Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of
            BlueScope Steel Limited
            As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of BlueScope Steel Limited for the financial year
            ended 30 June 2024, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

             a.     No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                    relation to the audit;

             b.     No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

             c.     No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                    relation to the audit.

            This declaration is in respect of BlueScope Steel Limited and the entities it controlled during the
            financial year.




            Ernst & Young




            Matthew A. Honey
            Partner
            19 August 2024




            A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
            Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




42
Message from   Earnings Report   Directors' Report   Remuneration   Financial Report   Additional
the Chair                                            Report                            Information




          03.
Section




          Remuneration Report




                                                                                                     43
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Message from
the Board

     We have a robust governance structure
     and remuneration framework that supports
     our business strategy, drives performance,
     and holds our leaders accountable for
     demonstrating our values, shaping our culture,
     and the safety of our people.
     Rebecca Dee-Bradbury
     Chair, Remuneration and Organisation Committee




Contents
                                             To our Shareholders
                                             On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present BlueScope’s Remuneration Report
1     Our remuneration framework       49
2     Business performance and         51
                                             for FY2024.
      reward outcomes                        As Chair of the Remuneration and Organisation Committee, I am proud to acknowledge
3     Remuneration key details         57    the continued hard work and dedication of our more than 16,500 people, employed
4     Remuneration governance          62    at over 160 sites spanning 15 countries. We have a robust governance structure and
5     Non-Executive Director fees      64    remuneration framework that supports our business strategy, drives performance, and
6     Remuneration tables              66
                                             holds our leaders accountable for demonstrating our values, shaping our culture, and the
                                             safety of our people.
                                             As a Board, we understand the role our decisions play in shaping the future of the
                                             Company, and we are dedicated to overseeing the delivery of our strategic priorities to
     Underlying EBIT ROIC                    meet the evolving needs of our business. The Remuneration and Organisation Committee
                                             actively oversees BlueScope's remuneration framework and people strategy to support
     11.9%                                   our growth goals and adapt to changing market dynamics. We are focused on maintaining
                                             an appropriate fit-for-purpose global remuneration strategy and structure, to attract and
     Down from 14.6% in FY2023               retain capable and experienced talent across all of our locations around the world. We
                                             continue to invest in our people and their skills for the future.
                                             As a global organisation with thousands of employees who share passion and expertise
     Free Cash Flow                          in one of the world’s most useful materials, steel, we see an opportunity to make a real

     $434M                                   difference. We listen to feedback from our people, to understand what’s working well and
                                             what can be improved to enhance the employee experience and our culture. In March
                                             2024, 77 per cent of our employees provided feedback through a global employee pulse
     Down $908M on FY2023
                                             survey. We are pleased to report an overall employee engagement rate of 72 per cent.
                                             Leadership is a critical enabler for achieving our strategy and maintaining the engagement
     Three Year                              of our people, and we invest in leadership development that is aligned with best
     average ROIC                            practices. Developing succession plans to manage succession risk for global critical roles
                                             continues to be an ongoing focus, including ensuring succession bench strength for our

     22.7%                                   Executive KMP.
                                             We continue to focus on recruitment, ensuring that our workforce reflects the
     FY2022, FY2023, FY2024
                                             communities in which we operate. Our approach is to empower leaders to develop local
                                             strategies to meet the needs of our diverse geographic footprint, and we are encouraged
                                             by our progress in FY2024.




44
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration           Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                         Information


Performance and Remuneration Outcomes                                  Long-term Incentive (LTI)
We've delivered robust financial performance in FY2024,                LTI Alignments Rights that were granted in FY2022 were
benefiting our shareholders and reflecting management’s                performance tested at the end of the three-year performance
unwavering focus on delivering to our customers. We continued          period (following 30 June 2024). For the three-year period up to
to generate strong cash flows, supporting the Company’s strong         30 June 2024, management delivered strong ROIC performance
balance sheet across our various locations.                            (three-year ROIC of 22.7%) and maintained a strong balance
                                                                       sheet (including a three-year average Net Debt to EBITDA ratio
During the year, our people continued to progress a range of
                                                                       of -0.21X), aligning with our financial framework objectives.
projects that underpin future operations stability and earnings
                                                                       As a result, both performance thresholds (ROIC and Net Debt
growth, including the reline and upgrade of the No.6 Blast
                                                                       to EBITDA ratio) were met. All Executive KMP were rigorously
Furnace at the Port Kembla Steelworks, the progression of the
                                                                       assessed and were deemed to have behaved in line with Our
new metal coating line in Western Sydney, the commencement
                                                                       Bond, and consequently, the FY2022 LTI Alignment Rights will
of the installation of the electric arc furnace in New Zealand
                                                                       vest in full in September 2024 (FY2025) for all Executive KMP
and the expansion ramp-up at North Star and the exploration
                                                                       (including the MD & CEO).
of value chain integration with a potential midstream facility in
the United States. We are also proud of the work that is being         Key Management Personnel (KMP) Changes
undertaken across the business to unlock a low-carbon future for       Mr Zhang's role was expanded to include the China business on
our operations, and the iron and steelmaking process.                  an interim basis in November 2023, and permanently in April 2024.
                                                                       In recognition of Mr Zhang’s expanded role (as Chief Executive,
Fixed Remuneration
                                                                       NS BlueScope and China), he received a fixed remuneration
Effective from 1 September 2023, the Executive KMP's (including
                                                                       adjustment of 4.1 per cent.
the MD & CEO, but excluding the Chief Financial Officer) fixed
remuneration levels were increased by 3.5 per cent, reflecting         Mr Fallu joined BlueScope as Chief Financial Officer in September
market benchmarks, the scope and complexity of the roles they          2023. Mr Fallu’s package was set in recognition of his role and
hold, sustained high performance, and remuneration increases           responsibilities in a highly complex global organisation.
provided to the broader business. This is in line with our
remuneration strategy, which is to set fixed remuneration levels at    Non-Executive Directors
or slightly above market median and incentive opportunities below      Ms McAloon AM was appointed as Chair of the Board upon
market median (offset by a greater probability of the LTI vesting      Mr Bevan’s retirement at the 2023 Annual General Meeting,
through the industry cycle), resulting in realised pay which is in     with Mr Field joining the Board as a Non-Executive Director in
line with the market. The Chief Financial Officer did not receive a    January 2024. We’d like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank
fixed remuneration increase, as he commenced employment after          Mr Bevan for his contribution to BlueScope over the last 10 years,
the review was completed.                                              with eight of those served as the Board Chair.
                                                                       In 2023, Non-Executive Director fees were reviewed to ensure
Short term Incentive (STI)
                                                                       they remain competitive and commensurate with the Directors’
The Board carefully assessed the FY2024 MD & CEO and
                                                                       experiences, accountabilities, and workloads in a highly complex
Executive KMP STI scorecards, considering the Executive KMP's
                                                                       global organisation. Following this review, the Board Chair,
behaviours against Our Bond, the Group's and their performance,
                                                                       Committee, and Board base fees were increased by 3.5 per cent
the economic and operating environment, as well as the
                                                                       effective 8 October 2023.
shareholder experience during the year. This assessment included
the application of Board discretion to reduce the payout under         Looking Forward to FY2025
the safety category of the FY2024 scorecards to zero for all           To ensure our overseas based Non-Executive Directors are
Executive KMP (including the MD & CEO). Although BlueScope             paid consistently and transparently, from FY2025, Non-Executive
completed 100 per cent of its committed health, safety and             Director fees for overseas based Directors have been set
environment (HSE) risk control improvement projects, the Total         in US dollars. This aims to mitigate variances in their fees
Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) did not meet threshold.       due to foreign exchange rate volatility. This approach aligns
These two outcomes would have resulted in a 5 per cent payout          with our remuneration principles of fairness and transparency.
(out of 10 per cent) for the safety category of the FY2024 STI         Further details will be provided in BlueScope's FY2025
scorecards. However, the Board felt that, given recent trends in       Remuneration Report.
safety performance, it was appropriate to exercise its discretion to
reduce the payout to zero for this category.                           Thank you for your ongoing support. As always, we welcome
                                                                       shareholder feedback.
Overall, the Board approved an STI award for the MD & CEO
of 99.3 per cent of his target opportunity (66.2 per cent of
his maximum opportunity), and for other Executive KMP, the
STI awards ranged from 73.9 per cent (for the Chief Executive,
New Zealand and Pacific Islands) to 126.4 per cent (for the
Chief Executive, North America) of their target opportunities. The
Board considers this to be an appropriate result, and reflects
the performance of the Group and the underlying businesses,
                                                                       Rebecca Dee-Bradbury              Jane McAloon AM
particularly in the face of global macroeconomic and steel
                                                                       Chair, Remuneration and           Chair, BlueScope Steel
industry volatility.
                                                                       Organisation Committee            Limited Board
The Board is satisfied that management has performed well
which is reflected in our business performance. Our Executive
KMP demonstrated strong leadership aligned to our remuneration
principles to behave like owners, deliver on BlueScope's strategy
and ultimately deliver value to our shareholders.



                                                                                                                                        45
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




FY2024 Key messages
Remuneration element         Rationale
Executive KMP remuneration   MD & CEO
                             As disclosed in BlueScope's FY2023 Remuneration Report, Mr Vassella's annual fixed remuneration was increased by 3.5
                             per cent (from $1,947,000 to $2,015,100) on 1 September 2023, reflecting market benchmarks, his responsibilities in a
                             highly complex global organisation, and in line with fixed remuneration increases provided to the broader business.
                             Mr Vassella's remuneration structure reflects BlueScope's remuneration strategy which is to set fixed remuneration at
                             or slightly above market median, and STI and LTI opportunities below market median, offset by a greater probability of
                             LTI vesting through the industry cycle. This results in his realised pay being in line with market median and provides a
                             balance between having a cost effective remuneration structure, consistent returns to shareholders, and value for him
                             through the industry cycle.

                             Executive KMP
                             Following a market remuneration benchmarking exercise conducted during FY2024, the Board approved fixed
                             remuneration increases of 3.5 per cent for Executive KMP (effective from 1 September 2023) except for Mr Fallu (Chief
                             Financial Officer).
                             Mr Fallu did not receive a fixed remuneration adjustment in FY2024 as his employment start date fell after the review
                             period was completed. Upon appointment to the role of Chief Financial Officer on 18 September 2023, Mr Fallu's
                             remuneration arrangements were:
                             • Annual fixed remuneration of $950,000 including superannuation (set with reference to market benchmarks and his
                               responsibilities in a highly complex global organisation).
                             • Sign-on equity with a face value of $900,000, with half vesting 12 months, and the other half vesting 24 months,
                               following his employment date. This equity was granted in recognition of equity foregone in his former role.
                             • Sign-on cash of $300,000 to replace short term incentive awards foregone in his former role, that will be paid 12
                               months after his employment start date.
                             For more information on KMP remuneration, refer to pages 66-70.
Group performance and        BlueScope performance highlights in FY2024 include:
reward outcomes
                             Financial results
                             • Sales revenue from continuing operations of $17.0Bn, 6% lower than FY2023, on lower global steel prices.
                             • $1.34 billion in underlying EBIT and ROIC of 11.9% per cent.
                             • Free cash flow of $434M.
                             • Retained investment grade credit ratings from S&P Global Ratings and Moody’s.
                             • $364M net cash position at 30 June 2024.
                             • Financial liquidity of $3,132M at 30 June 2024, including $680M in NS BlueScope Coated Products joint venture.
                             • $548M returned to shareholders during FY2024, through $225M in dividends and $323M in buy-backs.
                             Safety results
                             • 100 per cent of the 271 committed HSE risk control improvement projects were completed
                             • In July 2024, BlueScope instigated a Global “Refocus on Safety” program, intended to ensure ongoing emphasis on
                               its foundational safety practices, supported by Human and Organisational Performance (HOP) principles and tools.
                               The refocus requires leaders at all levels to spend more dedicated time on site to learn from employees about how
                               work is done, what can be done better, and to verify critical controls from our Codes of Practice to proactively
                               manage risk before incidents occur. Priority activities include increasing tiered audit frequencies and improving
                               incident management and investigation.
                             ESG (climate and diversity) results
                             • BlueScope achieved a 12.2 per cent reduction in aggregated steelmaking emissions intensity against its FY2018
                               baseline, in line with its 2030 target level. This was primarily driven by the ramp-up of the North Star expansion, along
                               with operating and process efficiencies at Glenbrook and Port Kembla Steelworks.
                             • BlueScope's non-steelmaking emissions intensity has reduced by 8.4 per cent since FY2018. Whilst midstream sites
                               have implemented a range of projects to reduce emissions, the emissions intensity in FY2024 was affected by lower
                               production and despatch volumes compared to 2018.
                             • In FY2024, BlueScope announced a framework agreement with Australia’s two largest iron ore producers, BHP and
                               Rio Tinto, to jointly investigate Australia’s first ironmaking electric smelting furnace (ESF or ‘melter’) pilot plant
                               using Pilbara ores. This project will consolidate the work each party has completed on this technology to date in
                               developing, building and ultimately operating a Direct Reduced Iron (DRI)-ESF pilot plant.
                             • BlueScope also made solid progress during the year on Project IronFlame, its Australian DRI Options Study, refining
                               42 different configurations for DRI supply chains at various locations to seven options across three locations, for
                               further investigation.
                             • BlueScope increased its overall percentage of women in the workforce to 25% and maintained the gender balance for
                               Board and ELT in line with its 40:40:20 target.
                             • In Australia, the First Nations Framework advanced significantly and is embedded into the Australian business' Vision
                               and Strategy. This includes a focus on First Nations procurement, which has resulted in an increase in expenditure
                               with First Nations suppliers by 151% in FY2024, along with the addition of 14 Indigenous-owned Tier 1 suppliers.




46
Message from             Earnings Report          Directors' Report           Remuneration                Financial Report            Additional
the Chair                                                                     Report                                                  Information



Remuneration element          Rationale
Group performance and         Strategic results
reward outcomes (cont)
                              • During the year, our people continued to progress a range of projects that underpin future operations stability and
                                 earnings growth, including:
                                 – in North America, the ramp up of the North Star expansion and assessment of additional debottlenecking options,
                                   along with the evaluation of further value chain integration in the US with a potential midstream facility.
                                 – in Australia, the progression of a new metal coating line in Western Sydney and the reline and upgrade of No.6 Blast
                                   Furnace at Port Kembla.
                                 – in New Zealand, the commencement of the project to install an electric arc furnace at the Glenbrook site.
                                 – the significant body of work across the business to unlock a low-carbon future for our operations, and the iron and
                                   steelmaking process.
                              For more information on the strategic priorities’ achievements and the financial performance, refer to page 52.
Board discretion              The Board carefully assessed the FY2024 MD & CEO and Executive KMP STI scorecards, considering the economic and
                              operating environment, as well as the shareholder experience during the year.
                              Given the recent safety performance trend, the Board exercised its discretion to reduce the pay outcomes under the
                              safety category of the FY2024 STI scorecards to zero for all Executive KMP (including the MD & CEO). Although TRIFR
                              did not meet threshold, BlueScope completed 100 per cent of committed HSE risk control improvement projects. This
                              would have resulted in a 5 per cent payout (out of 10 per cent) for the safety category.
                              This was the only discretion the Board applied, as it felt that the FY2024 STI outcomes accurately reflect the
                              performance of the business and the Executive KMP.
FY2024 Short-term             The STI awarded to the MD & CEO was 99.3 per cent of his target opportunity (66.2 per cent of his maximum
Incentive (STI)               opportunity), and for other Executive KMP, STI payouts ranged from 73.9 to 126.4 per cent of their target opportunities.
                              The range of STI outcomes demonstrates differentiation in performance across the Executive team and is an indication
                              of the varying results across the different businesses.
                              The Board considers the STI outcomes to be appropriate, reflecting the Group's and underlying business performance
                              during FY2024, particularly in the face of global macroeconomic and steel industry volatility.
                              For more information on the STI, refer to pages 51-56.
FY2022 Long-term Incentive    The FY2022 LTI Alignment Rights, which were granted to the MD & CEO and Executive KMP, were tested at the end of
(LTI) (Alignment Rights)      the three-year performance period on 30 June 2024.
                              The award had three performance conditions:
                              • Our Bond: individual assessment of the Executive KMP's conduct against Our Bond (a behavioural gateway).
                              • Underlying EBIT ROIC: minimum of 10 per cent average over three years (FY2022, FY2023 and FY2024).
                              • Net debt to EBITDA ratio: less than 1.3x average over three years (FY2022, FY2023 and FY2024).
                              The award is also subject to a service condition, where Executive KMP are required to be employed on 31 August 2024
                              to receive benefit from the award (exceptions may exist, depending on the nature of the termination of their employment
                              or where the Board determines otherwise).
                              All performance and behavioural conditions have been achieved and, subject to the service condition being met, the
                              FY2022 LTI (Alignment Rights) award will vest in full in September 2024. The Board is satisfied that the reward outcomes
                              appropriately reflect individual, business, and Group performance, and are aligned to the experience of shareholders and
                              our people.
                              For more information on the LTI, refer to page 56.
Changes for FY2025            MD & CEO fixed remuneration
                              Following market remuneration benchmarking being undertaken in FY2024 and in consultation with the MD & CEO, the
                              Board has elected not to increase the MD & CEO's remuneration in FY2025.

                              Executive KMP remuneration
                              Effective from 1 September 2024, the Executive KMP’s annual fixed remuneration will increase by 3.0 per cent except
                              for Ms Keast who will receive an increase of 8.0 per cent and Mr Zhang who will receive an increase of 2.0 per cent.
                              These adjustments reflect market benchmarks, the scope and complexity of the roles they hold, business performance,
                              and increases provided to the broader business. This is also in line with our remuneration strategy, which is to set fixed
                              remuneration levels at or slightly above market median, incentive opportunities below market median (offset by greater
                              probability of the LTI vesting through the industry cycle), resulting in realised pay which is in line with the market.

                              Fees paid to overseas-based Non-Executive Directors
                              Effective from 1 July 2024, to ensure overseas based Non-Executive Directors are paid consistently and transparently,
                              their fees will be set in US dollars to mitigate for variances that arise from foreign exchange rate volatility. This approach
                              is consistent with other companies and aligns with our remuneration principles of fairness and transparency. Further
                              details will be provided in the FY2025 Remuneration Report.

                              Remuneration structure
                              No changes to the remuneration structure or framework are anticipated for FY2025.




                                                                                                                                                           47
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Key Management Personnel
This Remuneration Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 for
the Company and its consolidated entities (‘BlueScope’ or ‘Group’) for the year ended 30 June 2024. The information provided in this
Remuneration Report has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001. This Remuneration Report forms
part of the Directors’ Report.

Key Management Personnel in FY2024
The following people were Key Management Personnel (KMP) for the full reporting period except where otherwise indicated. There were
no changes to KMP subsequent to the end of FY2024 and the date of release of this report.


 Name                                   Position                                                               Period as KMP              Location

 Executives

 Mark Vassella                          Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer                                                       Australia
                                        (MD & CEO)

 Tania Archibald                        Chief Executive, Australian Steel Products                                                        Australia

 Robin Davies                           Chief Executive, New Zealand and Pacific Islands                                                  New Zealand

 David Fallu                            Chief Financial Officer                                                From 18 September 2023     Australia

 Kristie Keast                          Chief Executive, North America                                                                    United States of America

 Connell Zhang1                         Chief Executive, NS BlueScope and China                                                           Singapore

 Non-Executive Directors

 Jane McAloon AM                        Board Chair                                                            From 21 November 2023      Australia

                                        Non-Executive Director                                                 To 21 November 2023

 Peter Alexander                        Non-Executive Director                                                                            United States of America

 Kathleen Conlon                        Non-Executive Director                                                                            Australia

 Ewen Crouch AM                         Non-Executive Director                                                                            Australia

 Rebecca Dee-Bradbury                   Non-Executive Director                                                                            Australia

 Alistair Field                         Non-Executive Director                                                 From 15 January 2024       Australia

 K'Lynne Johnson                        Non-Executive Director                                                                            United States of America

 Jennifer Lambert                       Non-Executive Director                                                                            Australia

 ZhiQiang Zhang                         Non-Executive Director                                                                            China

 Former Non-Executive Directors

 John Bevan                             Chair of the Board                                                     Until and including 21 November 2023

1. Mr Zhang's role was broadened in November 2023, when he acquired responsibility for BlueScope's China business.




48
Message from                     Earnings Report                  Directors' Report                 Remuneration                     Financial Report                  Additional
the Chair                                                                                           Report                                                             Information




1.          Our Remuneration Framework
Remuneration Principles
Our remuneration objective and principles guide the design of our remuneration framework. Our remuneration framework is structured
to attract and retain capable and experienced people to support the delivery of BlueScope’s strategy and ultimately deliver value to
our shareholders.

                                                                  To pay fairly for delivering on our strategy, and to create value over time
       Objective
                                                                               in the eyes of internal and external stakeholders.




       Principles
                                       Owners                          Strategy                       Retention                             Fair                              Simple
                                  Encourages our                     Enables the                   Retains top talent               Feels fair over the                 The remuneration
                                 people to behave                     delivery of                      and skills                   industry cycle for                  framework can be
                                    like owners                  BlueScope's strategy                                                all stakeholders                    easily explained


Executive KMP Remuneration Key Features
                                                                                        Short term incentive                                           Long term Incentive
                                    Fixed remuneration
                                                                                                (STI)                                                   (Alignment Rights)
 Purpose                      To compensate Executives               To motivate and reward Executive KMP for the                            To motivate and reward Executive
                              KMP for their roles                    achievement of challenging annual performance                           KMP for creating long-term sustainable
                              and responsibilities                   targets that reflect BlueScope's key financial and                      business and shareholder value and
                                                                     strategic priorities and longer term Corporate Plan                     promote shareholder alignment through
                                                                                                                                             equity ownership

 Target                       Set at or slightly above the           Target and maximum quantum set below the                                Quantum set below the market median,
 market positioning           market median                          market median1                                                          offset by the increased likelihood
                                                                                                                                             of vesting1

 Delivery                     Cash (base salary, salary              Cash. Executive KMP may elect to take none, 50 per                      Equity (Alignment Rights)
 mechanism                    sacrificed benefits and                cent or 100 per cent of their potential STI payment
                              superannuation / pension)              in equity

 Performance                  N/A                                    One-year performance period                                             Three-year performance period
 period

 Measures                     Recognises the                         50 per cent financial objectives:                                       Performance conditions:
                              accountabilities and
                              expectations of the role
                                                                     • Underlying Return on Invested Capital (70 per cent)                   • Minimum 10 per cent rolling three-year
                                                                     • Cash flow from operations (30 per cent)                                  average underlying ROIC
                                                                                                                                             • Net Debt to EBITDA ratio of less than
                                                                     10 per cent safety objectives:
                                                                                                                                                1.3x over three years
                                                                     • Gateway of no fatalities                                              Service condition:
                                                                     • Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
                                                                                                                                             • Executives must remain employed up
                                                                     • Delivery of health, safety and environment (HSE)                         to and including the vesting date
                                                                        risk control improvement projects                                       (exceptions may exist, depending on
                                                                     15 per cent environment, social and governance                             the nature of the termination of
                                                                     (ESG) objectives:                                                          their employment or where the Board
                                                                                                                                                determines otherwise)
                                                                     • Reduction in year-on-year greenhouse gas
                                                                        emissions intensity                                                  Gateway condition:
                                                                     • Other climate impact and related objectives                           • Executive KMP behaviours must
                                                                     • Improvement in inclusion and diversity                                   adhere to Our Bond (values gateway)

                                                                     25 per cent strategic objectives:
                                                                     • Group, business unit and individual strategic
                                                                        objectives aligned to the broader BlueScope
                                                                        strategy and longer term Corporate Plan

 Malus                        Executive KMP STI and LTI awards are subject to malus and clawback provisions. This enables the Board to reduce, forfeit or
 and Clawback                 lapse payments and equity awards or require paid or vested equity awards to be repaid in appropriate circumstances. These
                              circumstances include where there has been a material misstatement in, or omission from, BlueScope's financial statements,
                              fraud, dishonesty, adverse risk management outcomes, a violation of any material law or regulation, a material violation of
                              BlueScope's How We Work code of conduct or any other policy governing the conduct of employees, or any other serious and
                              wilful misconduct.

 Shareholding                 Percentage of                                                                            MD & CEO: 200%
 Requirement                  fixed remuneration                                                                     Executive KMP: 100%
1. In 2018, when the current Executive remuneration structure was set, each Executive's STI and LTI opportunities were reduced in value, offset by the current LTI structure which has an
   increased likelihood of vesting through the industry cycle.



                                                                                                                                                                                            49
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



Executive KMP pay mix
The following graphs show BlueScope’s MD & CEO and Executive KMP pay mixes at maximum. The actual STI payments and LTI
(Alignment Rights) awards that may vest are subject to performance against pre-determined targets, and may differ to what has been
shown in the graphs. The significant weighting of at-risk variable remuneration (62.5 per cent of the MD & CEO's and 54 per cent of the
other Executive KMP's at maximum remuneration packages) and equity, combined with the minimum shareholding requirements, means
Executive KMP are encouraged to act like owners and their remuneration outcomes are directly aligned to shareholder experience.




Range of possible remuneration outcomes
As actual business and individual achievement over the performance period determines reward outcomes, the total remuneration
received by Executive KMP each year will vary. Actual remuneration outcomes can also vary, depending on BlueScope's share
price performance. The diagram below illustrates the range of possible remuneration outcomes for the MD & CEO, based on three
performance outcome scenarios.



Minimum                         2,015



     Target                     2,015                           896                          2,015



Maximum                         2,015                               1,343                             2,015


                Fixed remuneration      STI      LTI (Alignment Rights)


Under the Minimum scenario, no STI is paid (STI targets have not been achieved) and LTI (Alignment Rights) do not vest (all rights are
forfeited). The MD & CEO would only receive fixed remuneration inclusive of superannuation of $2,015 million per annum.
Under the Target scenario, STI targets have been achieved and STI is paid out at target levels (i.e. 44 per cent of fixed remuneration). LTI
(Alignment Rights) vest in full (the vesting value assumes no changes in share price between the grant date and the vesting date).
To receive the Maximum outcome, BlueScope would need to achieve stretch performance targets resulting in a maximum STI award of
67 per cent of fixed remuneration. LTI (Alignment Rights) vest in full (the vesting value assumes no changes in share price between the
grant date and the vesting date).




50
Message from                      Earnings Report                  Directors' Report                 Remuneration                      Financial Report                 Additional
the Chair                                                                                            Report                                                             Information




2.          Business Performance and Reward Outcomes

    FY2024 Performance

    Underlying EBIT ROIC                                                                             Safety
                                                                                                     8.8 TRIFR (387 injuries)
                                                                                                     1,875 leaders involved in our industry expert-led HSE training
    11.9%                                                                                            since 2020 (incl Board & ELT), plus 610 employees involved in
                                                                                                     business-led HSE learning workshops in FY2024
                                                                                                     271 team based projects were completed resulting in a 100%
    Down from 14.6% in FY2023                                                                        completion rate for HSE risk control improvement projects



    Free Cash Flow                                                                                   Sustainability
                                                                                                     ✔ 12.2%1 reduction in steelmaking GHG emissions intensity
                                                                                                       since FY2018

    $434M                                                                                            ✔ Signed agreement and commenced collaboration with
                                                                                                       Rio Tinto and BHP to jointly investigate DRI-ESF technology
                                                                                                     ✔ Accelerated feasibility study into an EAF at NZ Steel
    Down $908M on FY2023                                                                             ✔ 25% female workforce representation
                                                                                                     ✔ 269 supplier assessments completed


    Three-year average ROIC                                                                          Strategy Execution
                                                                                                     ✔ Progressed ramp up of North Star expansion;

    22.7%                                                                                              debottlenecking program approved
                                                                                                     ✔ Progressed assessment of further US value chain integration
                                                                                                     ✔ Continued integration of BRM & BCP businesses
                                                                                                     ✔ Approved new metal coating line in Western Sydney
    FY2022, FY2023, FY2024                                                                           ✔ 6BF reline and upgrade project on track


     1. Preliminary data. Final emissions intensity figures will be published in BlueScope’s FY2024 Sustainability Reporting Suite, to be released in
        September 2024.




Five-year performance

                                                                           FY2020                    FY2021                   FY2022                    FY2023                    FY2024
 Underlying NPAT ($M)                                                         353                     1,166                    2,701                     1,099                      861
 Underlying EBIT ($M)                                                         564                     1,724                    3,787                     1,608                     1,339
 Share price at beginning of period ($)1                                     12.25                    11.67                    22.24                     15.88                     20.45
 Share price at end of period ($)                  1
                                                                             11.69                    21.96                    15.90                     20.55                     20.43
 Dividends per ordinary share (cents)                                          14                       50                        50                        50                       55
 Buy-backs ($M)                                                               229                        0                       638                       285                      323
                        2




 Reported earnings per share (cents)                                          19.0                    237.0                    549.4                     217.4                     180.0
 Underlying EBIT ROIC                                                        7.6%                    24.8%                     41.6%                    14.6%                     11.9%
 Annual total shareholder return                                             (2%)                      89%                     (25%)                      33%                        2%
                                               3




 MD & CEO STI award (% of maximum)                                           75%                     97.6%                      82%                     88.9%                     66.2%
                                                                          15.7%                     17.3%                    24.7%                     27.0%                    22.7%
 3-year average annual ROIC
                                                                       (FY18 - FY20)             (FY19 - FY21)            (FY20 - FY22)             (FY21 - FY23)            (FY22 - FY24)
                                                                           (9%)                      31%                      39%                       90%                      1.7%
 3-year total shareholder return
                                              3


                                                                       (FY18 - FY20)             (FY19 - FY21)            (FY20 - FY22)             (FY21 - FY23)            (FY22 - FY24)
 Alignment Rights Vesting                                                   ✔                         ✔                        ✔                         ✔                        ✔
 (performance period)                                                  (FY18 - FY20)             (FY19 - FY21)            (FY20 - FY22)             (FY21 - FY23)            (FY22 - FY24)
1. Not adjusted for dividend and/or capital gain distributions.
2. Value of shares purchased during period.
3. TSR is calculated as (share price at end of period multiplied by Cumulative Dividend Factor divided by share price at beginning of period) and assumes that dividends are reinvested on the
   payment date.


                                                                                                                                                                                                 51
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



2.1         FY2024 Business Performance Outcomes
BlueScope delivered an underlying EBIT of $1.34 billion in FY2024, against a backdrop of global macroeconomic and steel industry
volatility. This result was delivered primarily by the strength in our US businesses and many of our downstream operations, which partly
offset the impact of materially softer, bottom-of-cycle Asian steel spreads on the Australian steelmaking operations. Operating cash flow
for the year, after capital expenditure1 was $434 million, lower than the prior financial year on slightly lower earnings, higher working
capital and higher capital expenditure. Despite this lower operating cash flow, BlueScope again finished the financial year with a robust
balance sheet, with $364 million net cash at bank.
BlueScope continued to make progress on its key sustainability outcomes during the year, most notably achieving a 12.2 per cent
reduction in aggregated steelmaking emissions intensity against its FY2018 baseline, in line with the 2030 target level2. A range of
projects continue to be progressed to unlock a low-carbon future for our business, including our partnership with Rio Tinto and BHP, as
well as our Australian Direct Reduced Iron options study (Project IronFlame). The business also continued to strengthen its approach to
growing diversity in our workplaces in the areas of gender equality, beyond gender and inclusive capability, and conducted a responsible
sourcing governance review to ensure that we are well positioned to meet evolving responsible sourcing risks and requirements.
BlueScope's commitment to its culture of learning and people-centred approach to health and safety is unwavering, enabled by its deep
focus on engaging its people in designing solutions to deliver effective controls. In FY2024, our people delivered 271 critical risk control
improvement projects, bringing the total projects completed to 1,175 since 2021. In July 2024, the Company initiated a global “Refocus
on Safety” program, intended to ensure ongoing emphasis on its foundational safety practices. The Refocus comes as during FY2024,
four employees sustained serious injuries resulting in permanent incapacity (related to live equipment) and the lag indicator of TRIFR
increased to 8.8, above the long-term range of 5-7. Tragically, in March 2024, a customer’s contractor truck driver was fatally injured in
an interaction with another customer’s contracted vehicle at one of BlueScope Coated Products’ sites in North America.3
We strive to build a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate. Female representation overall has
increased to 25 per cent. Female representation on the Executive Leadership Team is 50 per cent, and the Board also has 50 per cent
female representation, aligned with our 40:40:20 target. Beyond gender, diversity strategies are gathering significant momentum across
the business, tailored to local community needs, such as a focus on ethnicity in North America.
In Australia, the First Nations Framework advanced significantly and is embedded into the Australian business' Vision and Strategy. This
includes a focus on First Nations procurement, which has resulted in an increase in expenditure with First Nations suppliers by 151% in
FY2024, along with the addition of 14 Indigenous-owned Tier 1 suppliers.
Our focus on both financial and non-financial measures during FY2024, resulted in strong performance outcomes against the MD &
CEO's and the Executive KMP STI scorecards as summarised below.

2.2 STI Scorecard Outcomes
The FY2024 Group (MD & CEO) STI scorecard contained a balance of financial (50 per cent weighting) and non-financial (50 per cent
weighting) objectives and targets linked to BlueScope's strategy and longer term Corporate Plan. The non-financial objectives span the
key categories of safety (10 per cent weighting, with a gateway of no fatalities), ESG (15 per cent weighting) and strategy (25 per
cent weighting). These categories reflect BlueScope's priorities which include sound financial management, ensuring all employees and
contractors are safe, engaging in projects and initiatives that minimise climate impact and that the business is performing, growing and
adding value to shareholders.
The FY2024 Executive KMP STI scorecards were set with reference to the FY2024 Group (MD & CEO) STI Scorecard as well as key
priorities within each of BlueScope's business units. The Executive KMP STI scorecards contained the same categories and weightings
as those of the MD & CEO's but reflected a balance between Group and business unit priorities.
The FY2024 MD & CEO and FY2024 Executive KMP STI scorecards are presented below, and include performance outcomes
and commentary.




1. Cash flow before investment expenditure and financing.
2. Preliminary data. Final emissions intensity figures will be published in BlueScope's FY2024 Sustainability Reporting Suite, to be released in September 2024.
3. As this incident involved our customers’ contractors, it is not classified as within BlueScope's controlled safety management system.


52
Message from             Earnings Report       Directors' Report         Remuneration           Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                         Information



2.3 MD & CEO STI Scorecard

                               Target            Performance Targets             FY2024
Measure                       Weighting    Threshold     Target     Stretch      Outcome   Commentary
                                50%
BlueScope Financials                                                             45.4%
                              (0-100%)
Underlying ROIC                  35%                                             45.4%     Group underlying ROIC of 11.9%. This was
Drive earnings growth                      9.2%         10.8%         14.6%                primarily driven by strong performance
and healthy returns on                                                                     within the BlueScope North American and
capital invested.                                                                          downstream operations.
Free cash flow                   15%                                               0%      Free cash flow of $434M. Lower than FY2023
Maximise free cash flow                    $707M        $785M        $1,021M               on slightly lower earnings, higher working
and financial health.                                                                      capital and higher capital expenditure.
Safety (Gateway of               10%
                                                                                   0%
No Fatalities)                 (0-20%)
Total Recordable Injury          5%                                                0%      The TRIFR result of 8.8 did not meet threshold
Frequency Rate (TRIFR)                     <=7.5           7           <=6.6               and has deteriorated compared to FY23 (7.5),
Improve                                                                                    and is above the long term target range of 5-7.
employee safety.
HSE Risk Control                 5%                                                0%      Good progress made in the year with 100 per
Projects Completed                          90%          95%          100%                 cent of the 271 projects completed. Despite
Reduce the number                                                                          this, the Board reduced the entire safety
and severity of injuries,                                                                  category to zero to acknowledge the trend in
while managing material                                                                    safety performance.
risk controls.
Environmental, Social            15%
                                                                                 17.7%
& Governance                   (0-30%)
Percentage reduction in          5%                                              10.0%     Achieved 12.2 per cent1 GHG emissions
steelmaking Scope 1                         8%           10%           12%                 reduction since FY2018. This represents a
& 2 greenhouse gas                                                                         reduction from 1.645 tonnes of CO2 emissions
emission intensity from                                                                    equivalent per tonne of raw steel to 1.444.
2018 baseline
Reduce climate
impact from
steelmaking activity.
Progress climate-related         5%                                               5.0%     Substantial progress on a number of key
strategic initiatives as                   Behind On Track to deliver Ahead of             climate-related projects and initiatives during
well as reduce non-                         Plan                        Plan               the year.
steelmaking emission
                                                                                           Non-steelmaking emissions intensity has
intensity by 30%
                                                                                           reduced by 8.4 per cent since FY2018, in line
by 2030
                                                                                           with threshold performance.
Progress climate impact
reduction initiatives.
Gender diversity                 5%                                               2.7%     Achieved 31% gender diversity in recruitment.
Increase gender diversity                   30%          40%           43%
in recruitment across
all roles, including
operator/trades.




                                                                                                                                             53
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




                                           Target                   Performance Targets                        FY2024
 Measure                                  Weighting          Threshold          Target         Stretch         Outcome          Commentary
 Individual                                  25%
                                                                                                                36.3%
 Strategic Objectives                      (0-50%)
 Execute on BlueScope                         5%                                                                 7.5%           Significant progress has been achieved in
 Strategic Plan                                                           Delivery to plan                                      progressing BlueScope's strategic objectives
 Execute on FY2024                                                                                                              with investor support for priorities.
 strategic plan
 Organic growth                              2.5%                                                                3.8%           Organic growth opportunities progressed in
 Pursue organic growth                                                    Delivery to plan                                      line with or ahead of plan.
 opportunities in line with
 strategic plan
 Inorganic growth                            2.5%                                                                2.5%           Inorganic growth opportunities continue to be
 Assess and act                                                           Delivery to plan                                      assessed with identification and progression of
 on inorganic growth                                                                                                            key opportunities.
 opportunities that create
 value for BlueScope
 People                                       5%                                                                 7.5%           Critical roles identified globally, with clear
 Continue to build                                                        Delivery to plan                                      succession plans developed and regularly
 people capability,                                                                                                             interrogated by the Board. Key new finance
 including senior manager                                                                                                       and technology Executive appointments have
 succession planning                                                                                                            been made during FY2024.
 Leadership                                   5%                                                                10.0%           Bi-annual development sessions implemented,
 Unity of vision                                                          Delivery to plan                                      focusing on role, purpose and performance of
 and purpose at                                                                                                                 the senior management team. 68% of leaders
 ELT and senior                                                                                                                 in senior management roles have completed
 management levels                                                                                                              leadership development programs specific to
                                                                                                                                BlueScope and its expectations of leaders.
 Technology                                   5%                                                                 5.0%           Chief Digital and Information Officer appointed
 Advance our technology                                                   Delivery to plan                                      with new Group wide leadership team in
 efforts, performance                                                                                                           place. Developed a comprehensive Group
 and innovation. Mitigate                                                                                                       strategy and vision that aligns digital and
 cyber risks                                                                                                                    information initiatives with BlueScope's overall
                                                                                                                                business objectives.
                                            100%
 Total                                                                                                          99.3%
                                          (0-150%)
1. Preliminary data. Final emissions intensity figures will be published in BlueScope's FY2024 Sustainability Reporting Suite, to be released in September 2024.




54
Message from                     Earnings Report                   Directors' Report                 Remuneration                      Financial Report            Additional
the Chair                                                                                            Report                                                        Information



2.4 Executive KMP STI Scorecard
The chart below represents the range of outcomes for Executive KMP across various elements of the scorecard.


                                           Target                   Performance Targets                        FY2024
 Measure                                  Weighting           Threshold          Target       Stretch          Outcome           Commentary
                                             25%
 BlueScope Financials                                                                                           22.7%
                                           (0-50%)
 Underlying ROIC                            17.5%                                                               22.7%            Group underlying ROIC of 11.9%. This was
                                                                9.2%            10.8%           14.6%                            primarily driven by strong performance
                                                                                                                                 within the BlueScope North American and
                                                                                                                                 downstream operations.
 Free cash flow                              7.5%                                                                  0%            Free cash flow of $434M. Lower than FY2023
                                                               $707M           $785M           $1,021M                           on slightly lower earnings, higher working
                                                                                                                                 capital and higher capital expenditure.
                                             25%
 Business Unit Financials                                                                                    0%-44.1%
                                           (0-50%)
 Underlying ROIC                            17.5%                                                           0% - 33.9% Depending on the business unit, performance
                                                             Threshold          Target          Stretch                ranged from below threshold to near stretch.
 Free cash flow                              7.5%                                                            0% - 14.5%          Depending on the business unit, performance
                                                             Threshold          Target          Stretch                          ranged from below threshold to near stretch.
 BlueScope Safety                            10%
 (Gateway of                               (0-20%)                                                                 0%
 No Fatalities)
 TRIFR                                        5%                                                                   0%            The TRIFR result of 8.8 did not meet threshold
                                                                <=7.5             7.0            <=6.6                           and has deteriorated compared to FY23 (7.5),
                                                                                                                                 and is above the long term target range of 5-7.
 HSE Risk Control                             5%                                                                   0%            Good progress made in the year with 100 per
 Projects Completed                                             90%              95%            100%                             cent of the 271 projects completed. Despite
                                                                                                                                 this, the Board reduced the entire safety
                                                                                                                                 category to zero to acknowledge the trend in
                                                                                                                                 safety performance.
 Environmental, Social                       15%                                                                15.0% -
 & Governance                              (0-30%)                                                               22.7%
 Percentage reduction                         5%                                                                  10%            Achieved 12.2 per cent1 GHG emissions
 in Group steelmaking                                            8%              10%             12%                             reduction since FY2018. This represents a
 Scope 1 & 2                                                                                                                     reduction from 1.645 tonnes of CO2 emissions
 greenhouse gas                                                                                                                  equivalent per tonne of raw steel to 1.444.
 emission intensity from
 2018 baseline
 Business Unit                                5%                                                             2.5% - 10% Business unit climate objectives included
 Climate Objective                                           Threshold          Target          Stretch                 non-steelmaking emission targets, and
                                                                                                                        stakeholder engagement. Outcomes ranged
                                                                                                                        from below target to stretch.
 Gender diversity                             5%                                                             0% - 4.8%           We continue to focus on recruitment as a
                                                                30%              40%             43%                             key enabler to achieve our goal of reflecting
                                                                                                                                 the communities in which we operate. Our
                                                                                                                                 approach is to empower leaders to develop
                                                                                                                                 local strategies to meet the needs of our
                                                                                                                                 diverse geographic footprint, and we are
                                                                                                                                 encouraged by our progress in FY2024.
 4. Individual                               25%                                                               27.5% -
 Strategic Objectives                      (0-50%)           Threshold          Target          Stretch        45.3%
                                          100%                                                                 73.9% -
 Total
                                        (0%-150%)                                                              126.4%
1. Preliminary data. Final emissions intensity figures will be published in BlueScope's FY2024 Sustainability Reporting Suite, to be released in September 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                 55
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



2.5 Short-term Incentive (STI) Outcomes
The FY2024 STI scorecard outcomes resulted in the individual STI awards for the MD & CEO and Executive KMP as shown below.

                                                                          % of maximum             % of maximum                      Value of                 Value of          Award as % of
                                                   STI Maximum             STI achieved                 forfeited                    cash STI               equity STI1,2           fixed pay
 Name                                                        $                       %                         %                            $                        $                     %
 Mr Vassella                                         1,343,400                   66.2%                    33.8%                             -                905,474                   44.1%
 Ms Archibald                                          560,987                   57.1%                    42.9%                     320,154                          -                 30.0%
 Mr Davies                                             379,855                   49.3%                    50.7%                     187,218                          -                 25.9%
 Mr Fallu3                                             391,096                   63.8%                    36.2%                     249,442                          -                 33.5%
 Ms Keast                                              516,206                   84.3%                    15.7%                     435,063                          -                 44.2%
 Mr Zhang                                              542,965                   80.9%                    19.1%                     439,293                          -                 42.5%
1. The equity STI is granted in rights in the first half of the plan year which vest in accordance with assessed performance against the STI objectives. The amounts shown in this column are based
   on the Fair Value of $20.93 determined in accordance with AASB 2 Share-Based Payments multiplied by the number of instruments that will vest. Shares to fulfil the vesting of FY2024 STI share
   rights have been purchased on-market.
2. In FY2024 Mr Vassella elected for 100 per cent of the STI to be delivered in share rights.
3. Mr Fallu commenced as KMP effective 18 September 2023. Amounts have been pro-rated as of this date.



2.6 Long-term Incentive (LTI)                                                                        there is a minimum level of ROIC performance that results in
                                                                                                     alignment between Executive KMP and shareholders throughout
    Outcomes                                                                                         the business and industry cycle.
BlueScope's LTI (Alignment Rights) plan, directly ties Executive                                     Although BlueScope aims for and has historically achieved higher
KMP reward to the Company’s financial performance. It does                                           levels of ROIC performance, Executive KMP do not receive any
this through two performance conditions that requires BlueScope                                      additional LTI (Alignment Rights) benefits if ROIC performance
to satisfy a minimum 10 per cent rolling three-year average                                          exceeds the threshold. This prevents windfall gains during
underlying Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) and an average                                          extreme fluctuations in the industry cycle. The FY2022 LTI
three-year net debt to EBITDA ratio of less than 1.3x. This ROIC                                     (Alignment Rights) award, granted in December 2021, was tested
threshold is aligned with the long-term median performance                                           on 30 June 2024. All Executive KMP demonstrated adherence
of BlueScope's peer groups and is designed to broadly meet                                           to Our Bond (behavioural gateway), and their FY2022 (Alignment
the Company’s risk-adjusted cost of capital over the three-                                          Rights) award will vest in full subject to continued employment up
year performance period. The ROIC threshold ensures that                                             until the vesting date.

 Plan                                                Performance Measure                                                                      Result         Achieved Vesting & Timing
 FY2021                                              Minimum 3-year average ROIC of 10 per cent                                              29.5%              ✔      100% vested in
 September 2020 to September 2023                    Average net debt to EBITDA ratio of less than 1.3x over 3 years                         (0.23)x            ✔     September 2023
 FY2022                                              Minimum 3-year average ROIC of 10 per cent                                              22.7%              ✔     100% vesting in
 September 2021 to September 2024                    Average net debt to EBITDA ratio of less than 1.3x over 3 years                         (0.21x)            ✔     September 20241
1. Shares to fulfil the vesting of the FY2022 LTI (Alignment Rights) award were bought on-market during the year.



2.7         Realised Pay                                                                             Realised pay includes the base salary, superannuation/retirement
                                                                                                     contributions, and other benefits paid or payable in relation
The following table outlines the actual remuneration received                                        to FY2024. It also encompasses the realised value of STI
by Executive KMP during FY2024. This voluntary disclosure                                            awards earned in the performance year (both cash and equity
provides additional information to the statutory remuneration                                        components) and the realised value of LTI awards with a
table in section 6.1 which presents remuneration information                                         performance period ending on 30 June 2024.
in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards.

                                                 Fixed remuneration1           Other benefits2       Share rights3         STI (cash)4      STI (equity)5              LTI6               Total
 Name                          Year                               $                         $                   $                   $                 $                 $                    $
 Mr Vassella                  FY2024                     2,004,623                    1,292                     -                   -         883,843           1,676,404            4,566,162
                              FY2023                     1,936,038                  100,799                     -                   -       1,425,800           3,118,647            6,581,284
 Ms Archibald                 FY2024                     1,062,988                          -                   -           320,154                    -          575,084            1,958,226
                              FY2023                     1,025,699                          -                   -                   -         590,751           1,069,853            2,686,303
 Mr Davies                    FY2024                       719,768                    7,697                     -           187,218                    -          400,694            1,315,377
                              FY2023                       687,019                          -                   -           219,376                    -          434,016            1,340,411
 Mr Fallu7                    FY2024                       749,039                    1,292                     -           249,442                    -                 -             999,773
                              FY2023                              -                         -                   -                   -                  -                 -                    -
 Ms Keast7                    FY2024                       977,708                 476,291             550,728              435,063                    -          441,921            2,881,711
                              FY2023                       395,835                  130,206                     -           194,796                    -          822,102            1,542,939
 Mr Zhang                     FY2024                     1,013,262                 456,514             492,285              439,293                    -          479,717            2,881,071
                              FY2023                       918,998                 417,521                      -           469,035                    -                 -           1,805,554
1. Fixed Remuneration is salary inclusive of superannuation and allowances.
2. Other benefits includes Executive health checks, fringe benefits tax, benefits provided under the Company's relocation policy and spouse flights.
3. Represents sign-on equity that vested during FY2024.
4. Amounts relating to performance in FY2024 which will be paid in cash in September 2024.
5. Amounts relating to performance in FY2024 which the Executive elected to take as equity (closing share price at end of performance period 30 June 2024 was $20.43).
6. The FY2022 LTI award will vest in September 2024. LTI value is equal to the number of rights vested multiplied by the closing price at the end of the performance period (30 June 2024).
7. Mr Fallu commenced on 18 September 2023 and Ms Keast commenced on 1 February 2023 as KMP.



56
Message from         Earnings Report        Directors' Report       Remuneration             Financial Report           Additional
the Chair                                                           Report                                              Information




3.     Remuneration Key Details

Approach                BlueScope's remuneration framework is designed to:
                        • drive consistent financial and non-financial business performance and shareholder value creation
                          throughout the industry cycle.
                        • reward Executive KMP transparently and fairly for what is in their control, irrespective of
                          macroeconomic influences.
                        • align the interests of Executive KMP with those of shareholders.
                        To achieve this:
                        • fixed remuneration is set at or slightly above market median. This ensures Executive KMP are
                          compensated fairly for their responsibilities in their roles.
                        • STI and LTI (Alignment Rights) opportunities are set below market median.
                        • LTI (Alignment Rights) performance hurdles are set at threshold levels representing the minimum
                          performance expectations that will deliver shareholder returns irrespective of the industry cycle.
                        • No additional LTI (Alignment Rights) vesting occurs above threshold, ensuring no windfall gains from peaks
                          in the industry cycle, which are outside of the control of the Executive KMP.
                        • equity makes up a significant part of Executive KMP remuneration and, in conjunction with the minimum
                          shareholding requirements, encourages Executive KMP to act like owners, aligning decisions with
                          shareholder interests.
                        As a result, total remuneration is placed below the market median for comparable organisations, but actual
                        "realised" pay is placed at around the median of the market.
                        BlueScope's remuneration approach has been successful in delivering strong returns to shareholders and
                        retaining and motivating a highly skilled and strongly performing Executive team over the long term.
                        + For more information on the Remuneration Framework, refer to pages 49-50.

Alignment of            The remuneration framework aligns to our investment strategy to deliver consistent returns through the cycle
our remuneration        and supports BlueScope's overall strategy. It rewards Executive KMP for:
framework to
                        • growing the business and delivering appropriate returns on investments.
Company strategy
                        • sound financial and balance sheet management, ensuring sustainability of the business.
                        • focusing on improving critical business aspects and sustainability, including safety, reducing environmental
                          impact, and diversity.
                        • successfully executing strategic initiatives such as investments in digital technologies, enhancing
                          manufacturing capabilities, and managing talent and leadership succession planning.

Fixed remuneration      Fixed remuneration comprises cash salary, superannuation / pension, and annual benefits (e.g. health
                        insurance, life insurance, personal accident insurance, and expatriate benefits).

                        Market positioning and remuneration benchmarking groups
                        The Remuneration and Organisation Committee has selected (and reviews annually) a peer group of
                        companies for the purposes of benchmarking both fixed and variable remuneration. Other peer groups may
                        be used from time to time, as required.

                                           Our Australian peer group
                                           The Australian peer group reflects companies with the size and complexity of BlueScope
                                           and who:
                                           • operate in multiple geographies.
                                           • have manufacturing or logistics operations in Australia.
                                           • are involved in the building and construction industry.
                                           • have a similar number of employees.
                                           Considering the above criteria, three companies have been removed from the peer group
                                           for FY2024 (Adbri Ltd, CSR Ltd and Orora Ltd) and one has been added (Seven Group
                                           Holdings Ltd). The remainder of the peer group is consistent with FY2023 (the list of peer
                                           group companies can be found in BlueScope's FY2023 Annual Remuneration Report).




                                                                                                                                      57
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Fixed                                           Our global peer group
remuneration (cont)
                                                In addition, the Executive KMP are also benchmarked against local peers in international
                                                markets, where this is appropriate for the role and the incumbent. This ensures that
                                                BlueScope is able to attract and retain local talent in regions outside Australia, particularly
                                                where pay practices are quite different, such as in the US. The global peer group consists
                                                of companies of similar size and who operate in the steel and materials sector in key
                                                markets in which BlueScope is present (as relevant for each Executive KMP) notably the
                                                US, ASEAN and New Zealand.
                                                Two organisations have been added to this peer group for FY2024 (Alcoa Corporation and
                                                CMC). Due to Noranda Aluminum Holding Corporation delisting, it has been removed from
                                                this peer group. The remainder of the peer group is consistent with FY2023 (the list of
                                                peer group companies can be found in BlueScope's FY2023 Annual Remuneration Report).

Minimum Shareholding         A key principle of BlueScope's remuneration framework is to encourage Executive KMP to behave like
Requirement                  owners. The Board believes that the interests of all Executive KMP should be closely aligned to those
                             of shareholders through exposure to the Company’s share price and dividends. The Executive KMP
                             are expected to build their shareholding progressively over a reasonable period. The Remuneration and
                             Organisation Committee regularly monitors the Executives KMP's shareholding. The minimum shareholding
                             requirement for Executive KMP is presented below.

                             MD & CEO           200% of fixed remuneration      The minimum shareholding requirement includes the
                                                                                aggregate value of current shareholdings plus 50 per cent
                             Executive KMP      100% of fixed remuneration      of vested but unexercised share rights.


Short-term Incentive (STI)
       For more information on the STI outcomes, refer to Section 2



Feature                   Rationale

Purpose                   To reward Executive KMP for achieving BlueScope’s annual objectives, linked to the broader Corporate Plan.

Eligibility               All Executive KMP.

Opportunity               STI opportunities are set below the median of our peer group reflecting our overall remuneration philosophy.

                                                             Target (% of fixed remuneration)          Maximum (% of fixed remuneration)

                          MD & CEO                                          44%                                        66.7%

                          Other Executive KMP                               35%                                        52.5%

Assessment                When evaluating Executive KMP performance, the Board reviews both achievements and conduct. Each
                          Executive KMP's behaviour is rigorously assessed against Our Bond, our guiding principles for how we operate.
                          Adjustments to STI awards may be made if these expectations are not met (including forfeiture of the entire
                          STI award). The Board also uses discretion based on set principles, considering shareholder and employee
                          experiences, as well as factors affecting the Executive KMP's performance, whether controllable or not.

Performance               The Board (for the MD & CEO) and the Remuneration and Organisation Committee (for other Executive KMP),
measures                  assess the performance outcomes after the end of the financial year.
                          Each Executive KMP's conduct is rigorously assessed against Our Bond, which is undertaken by the MD &
                          CEO for the Executive KMP, and by the Board in respect of the MD & CEO. Performance against the financial
                          measures includes verification of financial results by the Audit Committee.
                          Under the STI plan, financial and non-financial measures each carry a 50 per cent weighting. The non-financial
                          measures are in line with BlueScope’s strategy, focusing strongly on sustainable long-term success and
                          BlueScope's future growth. These measures were chosen by the Board considering input from investors and
                          other stakeholders.
                          During the financial year, the Board sets performance targets. The threshold marks the minimum level for a
                          payment, while the Stretch level determines the maximum STI payout for each measure. Targets are designed to
                          be challenging yet motivating.
                          For more information on STI scorecard outcomes, refer to sections 2.2-2.5.

Payment                   Each Executive KMP may elect to take none, 50 per cent or 100 per cent of their potential STI payment in
                          equity, with the remainder in cash.



58
Message from           Earnings Report          Directors' Report        Remuneration             Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                            Information



Feature                 Rationale

Instrument              If chosen, equity is granted in share rights, awarded based on the average BlueScope share price over the three
                        months up to 31 August (face value).
                        Each vested share right allows the holder to acquire one fully paid ordinary share in the Company, subject to
                        meeting time and performance conditions. Share rights do not entitle holders to dividends.
                        If Executive KMP opt for share rights, they are allocated at the maximum STI opportunity at the beginning of the
                        performance period. At the end of the period, some share rights may lapse based on the actual STI outcomes.
                        This arrangement allows Executive KMP to increase their shareholding in the Company, aligning their interests
                        with shareholders. Granting share rights early in the performance period, ensures that Executive KMP are
                        focused on share price growth from the outset, and they are exposed to any changes to share price during
                        this period.
                        For FY2024, the MD & CEO elected that 100 per cent of his STI award will be provided in share rights.

Exercise and Expiry     If participants elect to take all or part of their STI in equity, vested share rights can be exercised in a trading
                        window (as defined in BlueScope's Securities Trading Policy) before 31 December 2027 or they will lapse.
                        Exercise occurs automatically on vesting unless the participant elects not to exercise prior to the end of the
                        performance period.

Malus and clawback      A malus provision applies which allows the Board to forfeit STI cash payments and / or lapse STI share rights
                        where material adverse events or reputational matters have occurred.
                        A clawback provision also applies, which allows the Board to reclaim compensation for any resulting cash
                        payments or shares awarded from exercise of the STI share rights or the financial benefit of those resulting
                        shares, in these circumstances. For share rights, the clawback provision applies for a period of three years after
                        the vesting date.


Long-term Incentive (LTI)
        For more information on the LTI outcomes, refer to Section 2



Feature                 Rationale

Purpose                 To focus Executive KMP on creating long term, sustainable growth through the industry cycle, align the
                        Executive KMP experience with that of shareholders and rewards them for generating shareholder returns.

Opportunity             Participant                      Maximum opportunity (% of fixed remuneration)

                        MD & CEO                         100%

                        Other Executive KMP              65%

Value                   The quantum of LTI (Alignment Rights) allocated is based on the maximum opportunity divided by the volume
                        weighted average share price (VWAP) over the three-month period to 31 August at the beginning of the
                        performance period (face value allocation methodology). No amount is payable by participants on exercise.
                        The Alignment Rights are specifically designed for the cyclical nature of our sector market and share
                        price volatility. The allocation methodology, using a three-month VWAP, smooths out much of the share
                        price variation.

Instrument              Each LTI Alignment Right vests into one fully paid ordinary BlueScope share, subject to time and performance
                        conditions being met. No dividends are payable on Alignment Rights.

Performance             Our Bond
conditions
                        At BlueScope, how Executive KMP reach their achievements is as important as what they achieve. By including
                        Our Bond as a gateway, Executive KMP must behave in line with the Company's values to receive benefit from
                        the LTI award.
                        For LTI (Alignment Right) awards to vest, both the following performance conditions must be achieved (in
                        addition to the "Our Bond" gateway). If both performance conditions are achieved, all Alignment Rights will vest.
                        If either or both performance conditions are not achieved, no Alignment Rights will vest.
                        Performance condition 1: minimum 10 per cent rolling three-year average underlying ROIC threshold
                        ROIC has been adopted as an LTI measure as it creates clear value for shareholders and is relevant in
                        the capital-intensive nature of the business. It also incentivises Executive KMP to be disciplined when
                        investing capital.


                                                                                                                                              59
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Feature                   Rationale

                          While a ROIC measure is used in both the STI and the LTI (Alignment Rights) plans, the STI plan focuses
                          on rewarding for the achievement of shorter-term initiative returns and the LTI plan focuses on rewarding for
                          initiatives that will generate returns over the longer term.
                          For LTI Alignment Rights to vest, three-year average underlying ROIC must be at a minimum of 10 per cent
                          (threshold). This threshold was chosen as:
                          • it is broadly aligned with BlueScope's weighted average risk-adjusted cost of capital.
                          • It represents what the Board considers to be the minimum acceptable ROIC performance level that will
                            generate value for shareholders throughout all points in the industry cycle (protects shareholders during the
                            low point of the cycle).
                          If the three-year average underlying ROIC performance is greater than the threshold, Executive KMP do not
                          receive any additional benefit from the LTI (Alignment Rights) award. This prevents any Executive KMP windfall
                          gains when the industry is at the top of the cycle.

                          The ROIC threshold represents the minimum acceptable level of ROIC performance. However, the organisation
                          targets and has outperformed this threshold since FY2017 as can be seen from the graph below.

                          BlueScope’s three-year rolling ROIC performance (percentage)




                          The ROIC threshold was set at a level representative of long term median performance across BlueScope's
                          peer groups, major steel companies, and the ASX 100. This peer information is used to ensure a challenging
                          threshold. A ROIC threshold of 10 per cent would achieve second quartile returns compared to our remuneration
                          peers, and broadly achieves BlueScope’s risk-adjusted cost of capital. Below is a summary of second quartile
                          ROIC performance across the various groups1 (% p.a).

                                                            FY2019-2021          FY2020-2022          FY2021-2023         FY2022-2024

                          BlueScope                            17.3%                24.7%                27.0%               22.7%

                          ASX1002                                11%                 11%                  13%                 13%

                          Remuneration peers                     10%                 10%                  10%                 10%

                          Major steel companies                  9%                  13%                  15%                 15%

                          Performance condition 2: Net debt to EBITDA ratio of less than 1.3X
                          The Net Debt to EBITDA ratio has been adopted as an LTI (Alignment Rights) measure as it ensures Executive
                          KMP focus on sustainable investments, and protection of the Company’s balance sheet.
                          The Net Debt to EBITDA Ratio provides clear linkage with BlueScope’s strategy to retain a strong balance sheet
                          through the cycle and reflects the cyclical nature of the industry and markets in which BlueScope operates.




60
Message from                       Earnings Report                    Directors' Report                   Remuneration                        Financial Report                   Additional
the Chair                                                                                                 Report                                                                 Information



 Feature                            Rationale

 Performance                        The Board, on recommendation from the Remuneration and Organisation Committee, assesses the performance
 assessment                         outcomes after the end of the performance period.
                                    Each Executive KMP's conduct is rigorously assessed against Our Bond, which is undertaken by the MD &
                                    CEO for the Executive KMP, and by the Board in respect of the MD & CEO. Performance against the financial
                                    measures includes verification of financial results by the Audit Committee.
                                    Unlike traditional long term incentives with linear vesting outcomes based on threshold to out-performance and
                                    a higher quantum of award, the BlueScope LTI Alignment Rights vest in full if both performance thresholds have
                                    been met. This is because:
                                    • a threshold provides a minimum level of acceptable performance which will generate returns to shareholders
                                      and value to Executive KMP, especially at the bottom of the industry cycle.
                                    • no additional vesting of Alignment Rights occurs above threshold performance, which ensures that Executive
                                      KMP do not receive any windfall gains (outside of their control), especially at the top of the industry cycle.
                                    The LTI (Alignment Rights) plan drives consistent, sustainable performance, even during extremes in the cycle
                                    and ensures that Executive KMP are not advantaged or disadvantaged by these extremes.
                                    In circumstances where performance is close to the threshold hurdles, extensive reviews are conducted by
                                    the Remuneration and Organisation Committee to ensure that outcomes are valid. The Committee may exercise
                                    discretion up or down to ensure that performance and vesting outcomes accurately reflect the achievement of
                                    results consistent with BlueScope’s strategic priorities, in line with Our Bond and enhanced shareholder value.
                                    It is expected that the plan will vest regularly and in recognition of this increased certainty, awards are lower in
                                    quantum relative to the market.
                                    Each Alignment Right that vests entitles the holder to acquire one ordinary fully paid share in the Company. LTI
                                    (Alignment Right) awards are not eligible for re-testing.

 Malus and clawback                 A malus provision applies which allows the Board to lapse Alignment Rights where material adverse events or
                                    reputational matters have occurred.
                                    A clawback provision also applies, which allows the Board to reclaim compensation for any resulting shares from
                                    exercise of the Alignment Rights or the financial benefit of those resulting shares, in these circumstances. The
                                    clawback provision applies for a period of three years after the vesting.

 Hedging                            Executives are not permitted to hedge (such as ‘cap and collar’ arrangements) LTI Alignment Rights.

1. Table references minimum ROIC for each quartile. Simple average over periods. Quartiles allocated by number of companies. ROIC defined as underlying EBIT / (assets (excl. cash and deferred
   tax assets) – liabilities (excl. financial debt, lease liabilities and deferred tax liabilities)). Periods based on constituent annual reporting. Excludes companies which did not return a value.
2. The ASX100 represents the constituents of the index.



3.1         Employment Agreement
The table below summarises the material terms of employment for the current Executive KMP, subject to applicable laws. These
agreements also detail the Group's approach to termination payments and the exercise of discretion regarding the vesting of Alignment
Rights in the event of a 'Change of Control' of the organisation.
Executive KMP are subject to post-employment restraints designed to protect BlueScope's business interests. No additional payment
is made for these restraints beyond the contractual entitlements outlined below. The maximum payment upon termination, including
notice, is capped at 12 months of fixed remuneration for these Executive KMP.

                                                                                    Notice period                        Maximum notice
 Role                                         Term of agreement                                                                                                Termination benefits
                                                                                    by Executive                         period by Company
 MD & CEO                                     Open                                  12 months                            12 months                             12 months fixed remuneration
 Other Executive KMP                          Open                                  6 months                             6 months                              12 months fixed remuneration

3.2 Loans to Key Management Personnel
There have been no loans granted to Executive KMP and Directors of the Company or their related entities.

3.3 Other Transactions with Key Management Personnel
In the normal course of business, the Group occasionally enters into transactions with various entities with Directors in common with
BlueScope Steel Limited. Transactions with these entities are made on commercial arm’s length terms and conditions. The relevant
Directors do not participate in any decisions regarding these transactions. The Group also occasionally enters into transactions with
KMP and their related parties including in relation to the purchase of Group products. These transactions are within normal employee,
customer and supplier relationships on terms and conditions no more favourable than those available in similar arm's length dealings and
with any benefits being of a small or insignificant value.



                                                                                                                                                                                                        61
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




4.      Remuneration Governance
The roles and responsibilities of our Board, Remuneration and Organisation Committee, management, and external advisors in relation
to remuneration for Executive KMP and employees of BlueScope are outlined below.




The Remuneration and Organisation Committee (Committee) plays a crucial role in advising the Board on the Group’s remuneration
arrangements, while the Board retains ultimate decision-making authority for these matters.

Committee Responsibilities
The Committee is responsible for ensuring the Group’s remuneration strategy and policy align with the Group’s objectives, risk profile,
shareholder interests, regulatory requirements, and market developments. This includes:
• Conducting regular reviews and making recommendations to the Board on the Group’s remuneration strategy and policy.
• Advising the Board on remuneration arrangements for the MD & CEO and Executive KMP, particularly the terms of performance-
  based remuneration.
• Reviewing and recommending performance-based remuneration outcomes for Executive KMP.
The Committee exercises its discretion to adjust incentive and performance-based remuneration, ensuring that these adjustments
reflect the outcomes of business activities and associated risks. This aligns with the fiduciary duties imposed on the Board to act in the
best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

Risk adjustments and compliance mechanism
In alignment with regulatory and corporate governance standards, the Committee collaborates with the Chairs of the Risk and
Sustainability Committee and the Audit Committee to determine necessary risk adjustments to incentive outcomes. These adjustments
may include reductions in current-year cash incentives, future incentive awards, or the application of BlueScope’s Malus and Clawback
provisions. These provisions serve as a compliance mechanism to recoup bonuses in cases of significant restatements of financial
results, misconduct, or misrepresentation of performance metrics.

External advisers
To fulfil its duties effectively, the Committee may consult with professional advisers or experts, at BlueScope's expense, when
necessary. Pricewaterhouse Coopers (PwC) are the independent remuneration adviser to the Committee. During FY2024, the Committee
sought advice on remuneration data trends, NED fees and other ad-hoc remuneration matters from remuneration consultants. No
remuneration recommendations, as defined under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), were provided to the Committee during FY2024 with
respect to KMP remuneration.
By maintaining these robust governance practices, the Committee upholds its legal and compliance responsibilities, ensuring
that BlueScope’s remuneration framework is not only competitive and aligned with corporate goals but also adheres to stringent
regulatory standards.

4.1     Managing Risk
The continued focus on and investment in managing our risks provides for a stronger and more resilient BlueScope. Executive KMP are
required to adhere to a range of Group-wide policies to ensure risks are well managed, strong governance structures are in place and
high ethical standards are maintained. The remuneration governance framework incorporates risk oversight principles so that Executive
KMP cannot unduly influence a decision that could materially impact their own incentive or other remuneration outcomes.

4.2 How We Work
BlueScope's code of conduct, "How We Work", provides clear guidance to employees, contractors, Directors, and others representing
BlueScope on how we should conduct ourselves, reinforcing our culture and highlighting the responsibilities we have to the
organisation, each other, and to our customers, partners, communities and governments. Through following the code of conduct
and adherence to Our Bond, we demonstrate the expected standards of professionalism and ethical behaviour in our actions and
interactions. Our Bond also forms a behavioural gateway across all of BlueScope's incentive plans.

           A copy of BlueScope’s How We Work is available on BlueScope's website




62
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report       Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                         Information



4.3 Adjustment to Incentive Arrangements
The Remuneration and Organisation Committee and the Board consider it critical to be able to exercise appropriate discretion to
ensure that remuneration outcomes for Executive KMP appropriately reflect the performance of the Group and individuals and meet
shareholders’ expectations.
The Remuneration and Organisation Committee may defer the vesting of any award after the end of any performance period in
circumstances where there is a dispute of any nature between the Executive KMP and BlueScope, or in cases where an Executive KMP's
actions or inactions may be relevant to an ongoing internal or external investigation.
Further, the Remuneration and Organisation Committee may reduce any unvested award to zero, or clawback vested / paid awards if
considered appropriate, in the instances of misconduct, misstatement or to protect the financial soundness of BlueScope.


Malus provision             In the event of serious misconduct by management which undermines the Company’s performance,
                            financial soundness and/or reputation, or inappropriate ethics and/or behaviour, the Board has absolute
                            discretion to cancel and withdraw any unvested STI or LTI awards that Executive KMP elects to take in
                            cash or equity. Misconduct includes misrepresentation or material misstatements due to errors, omissions,
                            or negligence.
Clawback provision          The Board has discretion in certain circumstances to clawback STI (share rights) and LTI (Alignment Rights),
                            resulting shares or the financial benefit of those shares. These circumstances include fraud or gross
                            misconduct, breach of law, material breach of policies or standards, bringing BlueScope into disrepute,
                            material misstatement in financial statements, certain oversight failures or any other circumstances where
                            there would be an inappropriate benefit.

4.4 Securities Trading Policy
The Company’s Securities Trading Policy prohibits employees from dealing in the Company’s securities while in possession of material
non-public information relevant to the Company. It also prohibits entry into transactions in associated products that limit the economic
risk of participating in unvested entitlements under equity-based remuneration schemes. In addition, nominated employees, including
KMP, are prohibited from dealing in the Company’s securities outside prescribed trading periods.

           A copy of BlueScope’s Securities Trading Policy is available from
           www.bluescope.com/investor-resource-library


4.5 Change of Control Provision
The Board may permit share rights or Alignment Rights to vest if, at any time while there are share rights or LTI (Alignment Rights)
which have not lapsed or vested, a takeover bid is made to acquire the whole of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company
or a transaction is announced by the Company which, if implemented, would result in a person owning all of the issued shares in the
Company. The Company must permit the Share Rights and Alignment Rights to vest if a person acquires more than 50 per cent of the
issued share capital of the Company provided that the Board determines that the performance hurdles have been satisfied as assessed
at that time having regard to the shorter performance period.




                                                                                                                                           63
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




5.         Non-Executive Director (NED) Fees
NEDs receive a base fee in relation to their service as a Director of the Board, and an additional fee for membership of, or for chairing a
Committee. The Board Chair receives a higher fee but does not receive any additional payments for service on Committees.
The Board reviewed NED fees during the year, considering relevant market benchmarks and the roles, responsibilities, and time
commitments of the Board in a large, global and complex organisation. Considering this information, annual Board and Committee fees
increased by 3.5 per cent, effective from 8 October 2023.

5.1        Board and Committee Fees
The following table details the annualised Board and Committee fees prior to and following the increase on 8 October 2023.

                                                                                      Fees as at 1 July 2023      Fees as at 30 June 2024
 Role                                                                              (including superannuation)   (including superannuation)
 Board Chair                                                                               $521,275                     $539,985
                 1




 Non-Executive Director                                                 Base fee           $183,370                     $189,785
 Audit Committee                                                        Chair               $41,000                     $42,435
                                                                        Member             $21,000                       $21,735
 Remuneration and Organisation Committee                                Chair               $41,000                     $42,435
                                                                        Member             $21,000                       $21,735
 Health, Safety and Environment Committee                               Chair               $41,000                     $42,435
                                                                        Member             $21,000                       $21,735
 Risk and Sustainability Committee                                      Chair               $41,000                     $42,435
                                                                        Member             $21,000                       $21,735
1. Additional fees are not payable to the Chair for membership of Committees


Traditionally, the Company has paid its overseas-based NEDs (currently Mr Alexander, Ms Johnson and Mr Zhang) in Australian dollars. To
minimise the impact of foreign exchange volatility on fees paid to overseas-based NEDs, the Board has agreed that their fees will be paid
in US dollars, effective from 1 July 2024. Details of the fee structure applicable for overseas-based NEDs will be disclosed in the FY2025
Annual Remuneration Report.

Travel Allowance
A travel allowance per international trip is payable, to compensate NEDs undertaking scheduled international business travel as a
consequence of the global nature of the organisation. The current fee payable is $5,175 per trip for those NEDs who travel outside their
country of residence and was increased on 8 October 2023 from $5,000.

Superannuation
Compulsory contributions are paid on behalf of each NED unless they have elected an exemption or are otherwise exempt due to their
Australian resident status, with no other retirement benefits provided.

Minimum Shareholding
NEDs, including the Chair, are expected to build a shareholding in the Company equivalent to one year’s base fees (including
superannuation). The minimum shareholding requirement includes the aggregate value of current shareholdings. For US-based NEDs,
the requirement may also be satisfied by vested and restricted share rights held under the NED Fee Sacrifice Plan. Details of NED
shareholding levels are provided in table 6.7.

Non-Executive Director Aggregate Fee Pool
The current NED aggregate Fee Pool is $3,250,000 per annum (inclusive of superannuation) as approved by shareholders at the Annual
General Meeting in 2022. Total fees paid to Directors for the year ended 30 June 2024 amounted to $2,570,169 (FY2023 $2,515,146).




64
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report        Remuneration             Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                            Information



5.2 Fee Sacrifice Plan
NEDs may participate in a Fee Sacrifice Plan which enables them to build meaningful levels of equity over time. The plan provides a
mechanism for NEDs to acquire shares, recognising that they may be limited in their ability to purchase shares because of Australian
insider trading laws. From 1 July 2022, the plan was extended to allow US-resident Directors to participate in the plan. Details of the plan
are outlined below.


Feature                     Description

Eligibility                 NEDs who are Australian or US residents.

Plan year                   1 July to 30 June the following year

Grant dates                 Rights are allocated in two tranches.
                            • Tranche One share rights: The trading window following the release of the full year results.
                            • Tranche Two share rights: The trading window following the release of half year results.

Value and instrument        In a trading window prior to the beginning of the plan year, NEDs can elect to sacrifice between 20 and 100
                            per cent of their pre-tax base fees in return for a grant of share rights. Each share right entitles the NED to
                            acquire one ordinary share in the Company.
                            The number of share rights granted is equivalent to the fees sacrificed divided by the three-month volume
                            weighted average share price up to 31 August (tranche one) or 28 February (tranche two) in the plan year.

Vesting period              Tranche One share rights will vest shortly after 31 December, while Tranche Two share rights will vest
                            shortly after 30 June. For Australian tax resident NEDs, share rights are automatically exercised and shares
                            allocated on vesting. The vested shares are held in the BlueScope Steel Employee Share Plan Trust during
                            the Trading Restriction Period (see below).
                            From FY2023, for US tax resident NEDs who elect to participate in the plan, share rights will remain as
                            vested rights until exercised and shares are allocated which occurs automatically on the earlier of the end of
                            the Trading Restriction Period or when the NED ceases to be a NED of the Company.

Trading                     There is a trading restriction of 15 years after the date the first tranche of share rights are granted, or
Restriction Period          the date the participant ceases to be a NED of the Company, if that occurs earlier, unless the Board
                            determines otherwise.

Exercise                    No price is payable on vesting or exercise of rights.

Performance conditions      As this is a fee sacrifice plan, no performance conditions apply to the share rights beyond the service
                            condition. Participants must remain in office for the full vesting period for all of the share rights to vest. The
                            vesting period is a continuous six-month period in relation to each Tranche of share rights.

Cessation of                If a participant ceases to be a NED after share rights have been exercised and shares allocated, they will
Board membership            retain the shares held by the Trustee on their behalf, the Trading Restriction Period will end and they will be
                            free to sell or otherwise deal in those shares (subject to complying with applicable law and the Company’s
                            Securities Trading Policy).
                            If a participant ceases to be an NED after the Grant Date for a tranche of share rights but before the end of
                            the Vesting Period for that tranche, a pro rata number of the share rights in that tranche will lapse.
                            The Board may determine (in its absolute discretion) that the remaining share rights will vest and be
                            exercised on the date the participant ceases to be a NED.

Disposal restrictions       At the earlier of 15 years or retirement from the Board, NEDs can access their shares or share rights.

Hedging                     NEDs are not permitted to hedge (such as ‘cap and collar’ arrangements) share rights or restricted shares
                            under the Fee Sacrifice Plan.

Acquisition of shares       The shares are purchased on market. Additional shares may be purchased by NEDs on market at the
                            prevailing share price in accordance with the Company’s Securities Trading Policy.




                                                                                                                                            65
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




6.          Remuneration Tables (Statutory Disclosures)
6.1         Executive KMP Statutory Remuneration Outcomes
The values in the table below are reported in accordance with the applicable Australian Accounting Standards for the financial year ending 30 June 2024.
Rights amounts are the amortised accounting expense of equity held by Executive KMP for FY2024 and are not indicative of the actual value. Further details of realised values are provided in Table 2.7.

                                                                                                                               Post-
                                                                                                                               employment
                                                           Short-term employment benefits                                      benefits                                            Share-based payments
                                                                                                              Movement                                     Movement
                                                                                                Non-           in annual                                      in long                                                                              % of
                                                Cash             Short term                 monetary               leave                    Super-           service          Share               STI     LTI (alignment                    performance
                                               salary1            incentive2                 benefits3         provision4                annuation              leave4        rights5          rights6             rights)7         Total    related pay8
 Name               Year                          ($)                    ($)                     ($)                 ($)                       ($)                 ($)           ($)              ($)                  ($)            ($)             %
 Executive Director
 Mr Vassella      FY2024               1,977,123                               -               1,292            (45,148)                    27,500             94,999              -        905,474          1,844,220        4,805,460            57%
                  FY2023               1,908,538                               -             100,799             36,209                     27,500             85,925              -      1,245,407          2,036,009        5,440,387            60%
 Executive KMP
 Ms Archibald     FY2024               1,035,488                   320,154                        -                  12                    27,500             22,890              -               -            634,798         2,040,842           47%
                  FY2023                 998,199                         -                        -             (15,035)                   27,500             33,460              -         516,009            699,533         2,259,666           54%
 Mr Davies        FY2024                 654,335                   187,218                    7,697               3,400                    65,433             (2,261)             -               -            426,940         1,342,762           46%
                  FY2023                 624,563                   219,376                        -                (610)                   62,456             60,447              -               -            392,654         1,358,886           45%
 Mr Fallu         FY2024                 727,356                   249,442                    1,292              55,549                    21,683                   -       334,417               -            199,616         1,589,355           49%
                  FY2023                       -                         -                        -                    -                        -                   -             -               -                  -                 -              -
 Ms Keast         FY2024                 950,208                   435,063                  452,004              28,346                    27,500             38,782         52,680               -            521,868         2,506,451           40%
                  FY2023                 384,375                   194,796                  157,819              29,566                    11,460              9,608        129,897               -            220,906         1,138,427           48%
 Mr Zhang         FY2024                 881,097                   439,293                  556,302              35,619                   132,165                   -       173,842               -            567,540         2,785,858           42%
                  FY2023                 799,129                   469,035                  501,663             (14,706)                  119,869                   -       353,677               -            610,027         2,838,694           50%
 Total            FY2024               6,225,607                 1,631,170                1,018,587              77,778                   301,781            154,410        560,939         905,474          4,194,982        15,070,728
 Total9           FY2023               4,714,804                   883,207                  760,281              35,424                   248,785            189,440        483,574       1,761,416          3,959,129        13,036,060
1. For overseas based KMP their cash salary has been converted to AUD.
2. The amount disclosed represents STI payable in cash.
3. Non-monetary includes Executive health checks, fringe benefits tax, benefits provided under the Company's relocation policy and spouse flights.
4. Negative movement in annual leave provision indicates leave taken during the year exceeded leave accrued during the current year.
5. Includes sign-on awards.
6. In FY2024, Mr Vassella, elected to receive all of his STI in equity (65,328 rights). Approval for the STI award for Mr Vassella was obtained under Listing Rule 10.14.
7. Approval for the LTI award for Mr Vassella was obtained under Listing Rule 10.14.
8. The percentage of remuneration that is performance related includes STI and LTI based on accounting values and not vested amounts received by executives.
9. FY2023 total does not include Mr Finan and Mr Nowlan who ceased being KMP effective 31 January 2023.


No termination benefits were paid in FY2024 to Executive KMP.




66
Message from                     Earnings Report                    Directors' Report                Remuneration                     Financial Report                  Additional
the Chair                                                                                            Report                                                             Information



6.2 Movements in Executive KMP Equity Holdings During FY2024
                                                    Balance at                                                                            Forfeited /        Net change /           Balance at
                                                   1 July 2023               Granted1               Vested            Exercised2              lapsed3               other4       30 June 2024
 Name                                                        #                     #                     #                    #                    #                   #                    #
 Executive Director
 Mr Vassella                                                                                                                                                                                    -
 Shares                                              976,841                      -                    -             221,141                       -            (145,234)               1,052,748
 Share Rights                                              -                      -                    -                    -                      -                    -                       -
 STI Rights                                           69,382                 65,328               43,262             (69,382)               (22,066)                    -                  43,262
 LTI (Alignment Rights)                              352,019                 97,992              151,759            (151,759)                      -                    -                 298,252
 Executive KMP
 Ms Archibald
 Shares                                               141,093                     -                     -              80,809                          -          (54,779)               167,123
 Share Rights                                               -                     -                     -                    -                         -                 -                     -
 STI Rights                                            28,748                     -                     -             (28,748)                         -                 -                     -
 LTI (Alignment Rights)                               120,951                33,775                52,061             (52,061)                         -                 -               102,665
 Mr Davies
 Shares                                                10,063                     -                     -              21,120                          -          (15,000)                16,183
 Share Rights                                               -                     -                     -                    -                         -                 -                     -
 STI Rights                                                 -                     -                     -                    -                         -                 -                     -
 LTI (Alignment Rights)                                67,287                22,786                21,120             (21,120)                         -                 -                68,953
 Mr Fallu5
 Shares                                                         -                 -                         -                    -                     -                    -                  -
 Share Rights                                                   -            21,883                         -                    -                     -                    -             21,883
 STI Rights                                                     -                 -                         -                    -                     -                    -                  -
 LTI (Alignment Rights)                                         -            30,028                         -                    -                     -                    -             30,028
 Ms Keast
 Shares                                                64,709                     -                     -              65,118                          -          (28,708)               101,119
 Share Rights                                          25,113                     -                25,113             (25,113)                         -                 -                     -
 STI Rights                                                 -                     -                     -                    -                         -                 -                     -
 LTI (Alignment Rights)                                92,942                31,079                40,005             (40,005)                         -                 -                84,016
 Mr Zhang
 Shares                                               42,965                      -                     -              45,536                          -          (25,348)                63,153
 Share Rights                                              -                      -                     -                    -                         -                 -                     -
 STI Rights                                                -                      -                     -                    -                         -                 -                     -
 LTI (Alignment Rights)                              105,611                 31,666                45,536             (45,536)                         -                 -                91,741
1. Mr Vassella elected to receive share rights under the FY2024 STI Award. As per S.300 (1)(d) of the Corporations Act, Mr J Nowlan, Chief Technical and Development Officer is in the top five
   most highly remunerated officers of the Company. Mr Nowlan was granted 31,997 LTI (Alignment Rights) and 25,844 STI share rights in the year. Of the STI share rights that were granted, 17,990
   are expected to vest and 7,854 will lapse in September 2024.
2. Shares received during the year on the exercise of rights awarded under the FY2021 LTI (Alignment Rights), FY2023 STI Plan and FY2022 Sign-on Award. The number of shares issued is equal
   to the number of rights exercised and no amount was paid or is payable for each share issued. For Mr Vassella and Ms Archibald the FY2023 STI Rights award which vested in FY2023 was
   exercised during the year.
3. The number of shares lapsed during the year relates to FY2024 STI Award for Mr Vassella.
4. These amounts represent on-market acquisitions and disposals of shares including shares sold to fund payment of income tax liabilities arising from vesting of share right awards.
5. The opening balances are reflected from 18 September 2023.


There were no options or rights vested and unexercisable at the end of FY2024.
There were 3,170,368 unvested securities on issue at the time of this report. No shares were issued during or since the year as a result
of the exercise of unvested securities.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  67
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



6.3 Executive KMP Minimum Shareholding Requirement (MSR)
Executives must retain all equity received through incentive plans until they’ve met their MSR requirement, unless selling shares to meet
tax liabilities.
The MSR value is calculated as the number of shares held at 30 June multiplied by the closing share price as at 30 June 2024.
The minimum shareholding requirement for Executive KMP includes the aggregate value of current shareholdings and 50 per cent of
vested, but unexercised share right awards.

                                                        Fixed remuneration1                           Shares held                   Value of holding2               % of MSR achieved
 Name                                                                             $                                 #                                    $                                   %
 Executive Director
 Mr Vassella                                                       2,015,100                          1,052,748                         21,507,642                                 533.7%
 Executive KMP
 Ms Archibald                                                      1,068,547                             167,123                          3,414,323                                319.5%
 Mr Davies                                                            723,533                              16,183                             330,619                                45.7%
 Mr Fallu   3
                                                                       950,000                                       -                                    -                                0.0%
 Ms Keast                                                             983,250                            101,119                           2,065,861                                210.1%
 Mr Zhang                                                          1,034,219                               63,153                          1,290,216                               124.8%
1. Represents fixed remuneration as at 30 June 2024.
2. The shareholding value is calculated by multiplying the number of shares held on 30 June by the closing share price on that date. The closing share price on 30 June 2024 was $20.43.
3. Mr Fallu commenced 18 September 2023 and holds sign-on equity (subject to service conditions). Tranche 1 (21,883 share rights) is due to vest September 2024 and Tranche 2 is due to vest
   September 2025 therefore he will be on track to achieving his minimum shareholding requirement.


6.4 Details of Awards Granted, Vested, Lapsed
                        Award                                    Grant              Units               Value                                Value         Forfeited / Value forfeited /
                        details                                   date            granted            at grant1           Vested             at vest2           lapsed3           lapsed
 Name                                                                                   #                   $                 #                  $                  #                 $
 Executive Director
 Mr Vassella       FY21 LTI AR Award                       14-Dec-20            151,759         2,532,858             151,759          3,328,075                   -                      -
                   FY22 LTI AR Award                        13-Dec-21            82,056         1,565,628                   -                  -                   -                      -
                   FY23 LTI AR Award                       15-Dec-22            118,204         2,009,468                   -                  -                   -                      -
                   FY24 LTI AR Award                       13-Dec-23             97,992         1,957,880                   -                  -                   -                      -
                   FY24 STI Award                          13-Dec-23             65,328         1,367,315              43,262            883,843              22,066                450,808
 Executive KMP
 Ms Archibald      FY21 LTI AR Award                       14-Dec-20              52,061           868,898               52,061        1,141,698                       -                       -
                   FY22 LTI AR Award                        13-Dec-21             28,149           537,083                    -                -                       -                       -
                   FY23 LTI AR Award                       15-Dec-22              40,741           692,597                    -                -                       -                       -
                   FY24 LTI AR Award                       13-Dec-23              33,775           674,825                    -                -                       -                       -
 Mr Davies         FY21 LTI AR Award                       14-Dec-20              21,120           352,493               21,120          463,162                       -                       -
                   FY22 LTI AR Award                        13-Dec-21             19,613           374,216                    -                -                       -                       -
                   FY23 LTI AR Award                       15-Dec-22              26,554           451,418                    -                -                       -                       -
                   FY24 LTI AR Award                       13-Dec-23              22,786           455,264                    -                -                       -                       -
 Mr Fallu          FY24 LTI AR Award                       13-Dec-23              30,028           599,959                    -                -                       -                       -
                   Sign-on Award                           26-Sep-23              21,883           410,087                    -                -                       -                       -
 Ms Keast          FY21 LTI AR Award                       14-Dec-20              40,005           667,683               40,005          877,310                       -                       -
                   FY22 LTI AR Award                        13-Dec-21             21,631           412,719                    -                -                       -                       -
                   Sign-on Award                           10-Mar-22              25,113           465,344               25,113          550,728                       -                       -
                   FY23 LTI AR Award                       15-Dec-22              31,306           532,202                    -                -                       -                       -
                   FY24 LTI AR Award                       13-Dec-23              31,079           620,958                    -                -                       -                       -
 Mr Zhang          FY21 LTI AR Award                       23-Sep-21              45,536           759,996               45,536          998,604                       -                       -
                   FY22 LTI AR Award                        13-Dec-21             23,481           448,017                    -                -                       -                       -
                   FY23 LTI AR Award                       15-Dec-22              36,594           622,098                    -                -                       -                       -
                   FY24 LTI AR Award                       13-Dec-23              31,666           632,687                    -                -                       -                       -
1. External valuation advice from PricewaterhouseCoopers Securities Limited has been used to determine the value of rights awarded in the year ended 30 June 2024. The valuation has been
   made using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model (BSM). The fair value per instrument of the share rights granted was: FY2021 Alignment Rights Award - $16.69; FY2022 Alignment Rights
   Award - $19.08; FY2023 Alignment Rights Award - $17.00; FY2024 Alignment Rights Award - $19.98; FY2024 STI Award - $20.93; FY2024 Sign-on Award - $18.74; FY2022 Sign-on Award
   - $18.53.
2. Rights vested during the year includes the FY2024 STI Award (share price as at 30 June 2024, $20.43), FY2021 LTI Alignment Rights Award and FY2022 Sign-on Award (share price as at 4
   September 2023, $21.93).
3. The number of rights lapsed during the year relates to FY2024 STI Award for Mr Vassella.




68
Message from                     Earnings Report                  Directors' Report                 Remuneration                     Financial Report               Additional
the Chair                                                                                           Report                                                          Information



6.5 Equity Award Valuations
The table below sets out the equity and restricted share award valuations of each grant issued by BlueScope to Executive KMP.

                                                                                                                           Expected
 Award                            Fair value            Share price        Risk free rate       Dividend yield              volatility Expected life           Vest date        Expiry date
                                             $                    $                    %                    %                      %
 FY2022 LTI AR Award                     19.08              20.47                   0.90                 2.57                   32.5        3 years            31-Aug-24          31-Aug-27
 FY2023 LTI AR Award                     17.00              18.31                   3.07                 2.75                   35.0        3 years            31-Aug-25          31-Aug-28
 FY2024 LTI AR Award                     19.98              21.29                   4.23                 2.35                   30.0        3 years           02-Sep-26           31-Aug-29
 FY2024 STI Award                        20.93              21.29                   4.52                 2.35                   30.0      8 months            02-Sep-24           31-Dec-27
 Sign-on Award (T2)                      22.84              25.20                   0.01                 2.04                   32.5        2 years            31-Aug-24                  -
 Sign-on Award (T1)                      18.74              19.20                   4.38                 2.60                   30.0         1 year           02-Sep-24          02-Sep-24
 Sign-on Award (T2)                      18.27              19.20                   4.29                 2.60                   30.0        2 years           02-Sep-25          02-Sep-25


6.6 Non-Executive Director Remuneration Outcomes
Details of the FY2024 audited remuneration for each NED is set out in the following table.

                                                                                                                       Post-
                                                             Short-term employment benefits                      employment benefits
                                                                                                                                                             Share-
                                                                          Fees1            Non-monetary2                 Superannuation3            based payments4                     Total
 Name                                 Year                                   $                        $                               $                          $                         $
 Non-Executive Directors
 Ms McAloon               FY2024                                    343,643                             -                               -                  66,422                  410,065
                          FY2023                                    168,526                             -                          16,120                       -                  184,646
 Mr Alexander             FY2024                                    231,135                         3,644                               -                       -                  234,779
                          FY2023                                    179,896                             -                               -                       -                  179,896
 Ms Conlon                FY2024                                    239,661                             -                          24,755                       -                  264,416
                          FY2023                                    266,370                             -                               -                       -                  266,370
 Mr Crouch                FY2024                                    193,767                             -                               -                  66,422                  260,189
                          FY2023                                    187,875                             -                           6,810                  88,680                  283,365
 Ms Dee-Bradbury          FY2024                                    256,050                             -                          12,490                       -                  268,540
                          FY2023                                    242,054                             -                          23,316                       -                  265,370
 Mr Field5                FY2024                                    106,530                             -                          10,580                       -                  117,110
                          FY2023                                          -                             -                               -                       -                        -
 Ms Johnson               FY2024                                    225,322                         5,082                               -                  26,413                  256,817
                          FY2023                                    223,697                         1,411                               -                  35,356                  260,464
 Ms Lambert               FY2024                                    242,408                             -                           6,672                  26,569                  275,649
                          FY2023                                    249,696                             -                               -                  35,459                  285,155
 Mr Zhang                 FY2024                                    256,050                        11,940                             785                       -                  268,775
                          FY2023                                    244,713                         2,783                             659                       -                  248,155
 Former Non-Executive Director
 Mr Bevan                 FY2024                                    213,829                              -                              -                       -                 213,829
                          FY2023                                    534,915                              -                          6,810                       -                 541,725
 Total                    FY2024                                  2,308,395                         20,666                         55,282                 185,826               2,570,169
 Total                    FY2023                                  2,297,742                          4,194                         53,715                 159,495               2,515,146
1. During FY2024 there was a 3.5% increase to Board Chair, Director's base fees and Committee fees. Fees includes travel allowances. Ms McAloon, Mr Crouch, Ms Dee-Bradbury, Ms Lambert and
   Mr Bevan have elected superannuation guarantee exemptions. The additional superannuation allowance has been included under fees. Ms McAloon, Mr Crouch, Ms Lambert and Ms Johnson
   have elected to sacrifice a portion of their fees in exchange for BlueScope shares. Fees have been reduced to reflect these sacrificed amounts: Ms McAloon - $91,685, Mr Crouch - $91,685, Ms
   Lambert - $36,674 and Ms Johnson - $36,674.
2. Non-monetary short term benefits includes tax advice for overseas based Directors Mr Alexander, Ms Johnson and Mr Zhang.
3. NEDs receive statutory superannuation contributions in line with the Superannuation Guarantee unless they elect an exemption. No other post-employment benefits apply.
4. Includes rights allocated to NEDs under the Fee Sacrifice Plan. The fair value has been assessed at $15.56 (Tranche 1) and $15.36 (Tranche 2).
5. Mr Field was appointed to the role of Non-Executive Director on 15 January 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                            69
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



6.7        Non-Executive Director Interest in Shares
The following table shows the number of shares and share rights held by Directors and/or their related parties during FY2024. A related
party is typically a family member of the NED and/or is an entity in which the NED has direct or indirect control.
NEDs are eligible to participate in a Fee Sacrifice Plan, designed to provide them with the opportunity to acquire share rights through
sacrificing a fixed portion of their fees covering periods of 6 months intervals. The share rights are being settled by an on-market
purchase of Company shares.
To meet the minimum shareholding, NEDs are required to hold the equivalent of 100% of the annual NED base fee in Company shares.
For Australian Directors, it includes the aggregate value of current shareholdings. For US-based Directors, the requirement includes the
aggregate value of current shareholdings and vested rights held under the NED Fee Sacrifice Plan.

                                                                                                                                                             Balance at            Minimum
                                          Balance at                                                                  Forfeited / Net change /                 30 June         shareholding
                                         1 July 2023             Granted1                Vested    Exercised2             lapsed         other3                   2024          requirement
 Name                                              #                   #                      #            #                   #            #                        #                   %
 Non-Executive Directors
 Ms McAloon
 Shares                                        3,352                   -                     -         2,253                      -           7,481             13,086                49.5%
 Share Rights                                      -               4,295                 4,295        (2,253)                     -               -              2,042
 Mr Alexander
                                                                                                                                                                                   Achieved
 Shares                                       16,000                      -                   -                -                  -                  -          16,000
                                                                                                                                                                                    172.2%
 Share Rights                                      -                      -                   -                -                  -                  -               -
 Ms Conlon
                                                                                                                                                                                   Achieved
 Shares                                       10,208                      -                   -                -                  -                  -          10,208
                                                                                                                                                                                    109.9%
 Share Rights                                      -                      -                   -                -                  -                  -               -
 Mr Crouch
                                                                                                                                                                                   Achieved
 Shares                                       35,313                   -                     -         4,737                      -                  -          40,050
                                                                                                                                                                                     431.1%
 Share Rights                                  2,484               4,295                 4,295        (4,737)                     -                  -           2,042
 Ms Dee-Bradbury
                                                                                                                                                                                   Achieved
 Shares                                       27,300                      -                   -                -                  -                  -          27,300
                                                                                                                                                                                    293.9%
 Share Rights                                      -                      -                   -                -                  -                  -               -
 Mr Field4
 Shares                                                -                  -                   -                -                  -                  -                   -              0.0%
 Share Rights                                          -                  -                   -                -                  -                  -                   -
 Ms Johnson
 Shares                                            -                   -                     -                 -                  -                  -                -               41.1%
 Share Rights                                  2,112               1,708                 1,708                 -                  -                  -            3,820
 Ms Lambert
                                                                                                                                                                                   Achieved
 Shares                                       18,897                   -                     -         1,894                      -                  -          20,791
                                                                                                                                                                                    223.8%
 Share Rights                                    993               1,718                 1,718        (1,894)                     -                  -             817
 Mr Zhang
 Shares                                                -                  -                   -                -                  -           4,800               4,800               51.7%
 Share Rights                                          -                  -                   -                -                  -               -                   -
 Former Non-Executive Director
 Mr Bevan5
 Shares                                       62,797                      -                   -                -                  -                  -          62,797                     n/a
 Share Rights                                      -                      -                   -                -                  -                  -               -
1. The number of share rights granted includes the FY2024 NED Fee Sacrifice Plan (Tranche 1 and Tranche 2).
2. Shares received during the year on the exercise of the FY2023 NED Fee Sacrifice Plan (Tranche 2) and FY2024 NED Fee Sacrifice Plan (Tranche 1). The number of shares issued is equal to the
   number of rights exercised and no amount was paid or remains unpaid for each share issued.
3. These amounts represent on-market acquisitions and disposals of shares.
4. Mr Field's opening shareholding balance reflects his start date of 15 January 2024.
5. Mr Bevan's shareholding closing balance is as at 21 November 2023.




70
Message from   Earnings Report   Directors' Report   Remuneration   Financial Report   Additional
the Chair                                            Report                            Information




          04.
Section




          Financial Report




                                                                                                     71
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Financial Report
Contents

Consolidated financial statements                                                                         73
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                                            73
Consolidated statement of financial position                                                              74
Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                                               75
Consolidated statement of cash flows                                                                      76




Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                                            77
About this report                                 77   16. Borrowings                                     112
                                                       17. Leases                                         115
Financial performance                            79
                                                       18. Contributed equity                             119
1. Segment information                           79
                                                       19. Reserves                                       120
2. Revenue                                       84
                                                       20. Dividends                                      122
3. Expenses and other income                      87
4. Income tax                                    88    Group structure                                    124
5. Earnings per share                            92    21. Business combinations                          124
                                                       22. Other investments - fair value through other   124
Working capital                                  93
                                                           comprehensive income (OCI)
6. Trade and other receivables                   93
                                                       23. Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests     124
7. Inventories                                   95
                                                       24. Investment in associates                       128
8. Operating intangible assets                   95
                                                       25. Investment in joint ventures                   129
9. Trade and other payables                      96
10. Provisions                                   96    Unrecognised items                                 132
11. Retirement benefit obligations               99    26. Contingencies                                  132
                                                       27. Subsequent events                              132
Invested capital                                 102
12. Property, plant and equipment                102   Other information                                  133
13. Intangible assets                            105   28. Share-based payments                           133
14. Carrying value of non-financial assets       106   29. Related party transactions                     135
                                                       30. Parent entity financial information            137
Capital structure and financing activities       111
                                                       31. Deed of cross-guarantee                        139
15. Cash and cash equivalents                    111
                                                       32. Financial instruments and risk                 142
                                                       33. Remuneration of auditors                       147
                                                       34. New accounting standards                       147




Consolidated entity disclosure statement                                                                  149
Directors' declaration                                                                                    152
Auditor's Report                                                                                          153




72
Message from               Earnings Report             Directors' Report           Remuneration           Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                          Report                                          Information




Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                                    Note                         $M                 $M
CONTINUING OPERATIONS
Revenue from continuing operations                                                                    2                  17,055.3           18,206.9
Other income                                                                                         3.2                    117.3              124.3
Net impairment (expense) / write-back of non-current assets                                         14.4                         -             (49.7)
Expenses                                                                                             3.1                (15,904.7)         (16,821.6)
Operating profit                                                                                                          1,267.9            1,459.9
Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures
accounted for using the equity method                                                             24.1, 25.1                     7.1            21.3
Interest revenue                                                                                      2                         56.7            35.6
Profit before financing and income tax expense                                                                               1,331.7         1,516.8
Finance expense                                                                                   16.6, 17.3                   (64.4)          (72.4)
Profit before income tax                                                                                                     1,267.3         1,444.4
Income tax expense                                                                                   4.1                      (320.1)         (351.7)
Profit from continuing operations                                                                                              947.2         1,092.7

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
Profit from discontinued operations after income tax                                                                            1.0              5.8
Profit for the year                                                                                                           948.2          1,098.5

Profit for the year is attributable to:
 Owners of BlueScope Steel Limited                                                                                            805.7          1,009.2
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                                    142.5             89.3
Profit for the year                                                                                                           948.2          1,098.5

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedges                                                                 19.1                         1.5              (58.4)
Net gain (loss) on net investments in foreign subsidiaries                                          19.1                         0.8                7.1
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations attributable to BlueScope
Steel Limited                                                                                       19.1                       (34.1)            209.0
Income tax on items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                                                     (0.6)             15.0
Exchange fluctuations transferred to profit on translation of foreign operations disposed           19.1                        12.0                 -

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Net actuarial gains on defined benefit and retirement plans                                          11                         12.7              30.4
Investment revaluation                                                                               22                         (6.3)             (3.6)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations attributable to non-
controlling interests                                                                                                          (15.3)             11.7
Income tax on items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                                                (3.6)             (8.7)
Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                                                                 (32.9)            202.5

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                       915.3          1,301.0

Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
 Owners of BlueScope Steel Limited                                                                                            788.0          1,200.3
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                                    127.3            100.7
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                       915.3          1,301.0

Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners of BlueScope Steel Limited from:
                                                                                                                       Cents              Cents
Continuing operations:
Basic earnings per share                                                                              5                       179.7              216.2
Diluted earnings per share                                                                            5                       178.4              214.6
Total operations:
Basic earnings per share                                                                              5                       180.0              217.4
Diluted earnings per share                                                                            5                       178.7              215.8

The consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements.



                                                                                                                                                      73
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Consolidated statement of financial position
As at 30 June 2024




                                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                   Note                        $M                  $M
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            15                   1,085.5              1,489.8
Trade and other receivables                                                                           6                   1,592.4              1,854.0
Contract assets                                                                                      2.2                     109.9                54.4
Inventories                                                                                           7                   3,186.2              3,141.0
Operating intangible assets                                                                           8                            -              73.4
Derivative financial instruments                                                                    32.4                        5.8               15.5
Deferred charges and prepayments                                                                                             111.5               129.7
Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                              5.2                   -
Total current assets                                                                                                      6,096.5              6,757.8
Non-current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                           6                       35.7                37.8
Inventories                                                                                           7                       87.2                77.7
Operating intangible assets                                                                           8                      302.9               209.2
Derivative financial instruments                                                                    32.4                      11.8                18.4
Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                  24, 25                    126.3               141.4
Other investments - fair value through other comprehensive income                                    22                       20.7                27.0
Property, plant and equipment                                                                        12                   6,094.8              5,642.2
Right-of-use assets                                                                                 17.1                     393.3               386.9
Intangible assets                                                                                    13                   2,441.3              2,513.9
Deferred tax assets                                                                                  4.2                      61.4               113.8
Deferred charges and prepayments                                                                                                3.7                 7.3
Retirement benefit assets                                                                            11                         2.4                 1.7
Total non-current assets                                                                                                  9,581.5              9,177.3
Total assets                                                                                                             15,678.0             15,935.1
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                              9                   1,961.9              2,176.8
Borrowings                                                                                           16                       94.8                63.4
Lease liabilities                                                                                   17.2                      96.0               108.9
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                       13.9                78.6
Provisions                                                                                           10                      637.3               706.9
Contract liabilities                                                                                 2.2                     219.1               277.0
Deferred income                                                                                                               46.1                52.8
Derivative financial instruments                                                                    32.4                      18.9                10.0
Total current liabilities                                                                                                 3,088.0              3,474.4
Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                              9                       24.4                31.0
Borrowings                                                                                           16                       90.4               181.4
Lease liabilities                                                                                   17.2                     440.3               432.8
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             4.2                     513.6               532.8
Provisions                                                                                           10                      208.4               201.7
Contract liabilities                                                                                 2.2                        7.9                 8.2
Retirement benefit obligations                                                                       11                         6.3               17.6
Deferred income                                                                                                                 1.6                 2.2
Derivative financial instruments                                                                    32.4                      11.6                22.3
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                             1,304.5              1,430.0
Total liabilities                                                                                                         4,392.5              4,904.4
Net assets                                                                                                               11,285.5             11,030.7
EQUITY
Contributed equity                                                                                  18.1                  2,368.8              2,673.0
Reserves                                                                                             19                      665.4               693.5
Retained profits                                                                                                          7,687.2              7,100.9
Total equity attributable to owners of BlueScope Steel Limited                                                           10,721.4             10,467.4
Non-controlling interests                                                                            23                      564.1               563.3
Total equity                                                                                                             11,285.5             11,030.7
The consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


74
Message from             Earnings Report          Directors' Report       Remuneration              Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                                 Report                                            Information




Consolidated statement of changes in equity
As at 30 June 2024




                                                                         Attributable to owners of BlueScope
                                                                                     Steel Limited
                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                                      Contributed                        Retained      controlling
                                                                           equity       Reserves           profits       interests   Total equity
30 June 2024                                             Note                 $M             $M               $M               $M            $M

Balance as at 1 July 2023                                                2,673.0           693.5         7,100.9           563.3      11,030.7
Profit for the year                                                            -                -          805.7           142.5         948.2
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                              -           (26.8)            9.1           (15.2)        (32.9)
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                 -           (26.8)          814.8           127.3         915.3

Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
Shares purchased on market; net of shares used
for employee share awards (treasury shares)             18.2                16.7                -               -               -           16.7
Share-based payment expense                             19.1                    -           21.4                -               -           21.4
Settlement of employee share awards                   18.2, 19.1             0.7           (28.1)               -               -          (27.4)
Share buy-backs                                         18.2              (323.3)               -               -               -         (323.3)
Dividends paid                                                                  -               -         (224.9)         (126.2)         (351.1)
Tax credit recognised directly in equity from share-
based payments                                          18.2                 1.7                -               -               -          1.7
Other                                                                           -            5.4            (3.6)           (0.3)          1.5
                                                                          (304.2)           (1.3)         (228.5)         (126.5)       (660.5)
Balance as at 30 June 2024                                               2,368.8           665.4         7,687.2           564.1      11,285.5

                                                                         Attributable to owners of BlueScope
                                                                                     Steel Limited
                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                                      Contributed                        Retained      controlling
                                                                           equity       Reserves           profits       interests   Total equity
30 June 2023                                             Note                 $M             $M               $M               $M            $M

Balance as at 1 July 2022                                                2,958.0           516.9         6,307.6           665.6      10,448.1
Profit for the year                                                            -               -         1,009.2            89.3       1,098.5
Other comprehensive income                                                     -           169.4            21.7            11.4         202.5
Total comprehensive income for the year                                        -           169.4         1,030.9           100.7       1,301.0

Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
Shares purchased on market; net of shares used
for employee share awards (treasury shares)             18.2                (7.8)               -               -               -           (7.8)
Share-based payment expense                             19.1                    -           23.4                -               -           23.4
Settlement of employee share awards                   18.2, 19.1            (6.7)          (20.5)               -               -          (27.2)
Share buy-backs                                         18.2              (272.3)               -               -               -         (272.3)
Dividends paid                                                                  -               -         (233.1)         (203.1)         (436.2)
Tax credit recognised directly in equity from share-
based payments                                          18.2                 1.8               -                -               -          1.8
Other                                                                           -            4.3            (4.5)            0.1          (0.1)
                                                                          (285.0)            7.2          (237.6)         (203.0)       (718.4)
Balance as at 30 June 2023                                               2,673.0           693.5         7,100.9           563.3      11,030.7



The consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements.




                                                                                                                                               75
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                       Note                   $M               $M

Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers                                                                                  18,216.6         19,527.3
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                     (16,532.4)       (16,963.8)
                                                                                                          1,684.2          2,563.5
Dividends received - associates and joint ventures                                   24.1, 25.1              19.9             19.5
Dividends received - other                                                                                    1.8              2.3
Interest received                                                                                            55.3             34.9
Other revenue received                                                                                       60.4             35.5
Finance costs paid                                                                                          (60.2)           (73.3)
Income taxes paid                                                                                          (351.4)          (431.5)
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                              15.1               1,410.0          2,150.9

Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                21                   14.5           (166.0)
Payments for other investments                                                                               (5.5)            (9.6)
Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                                 (963.3)          (797.8)
Payments for intangibles                                                                                    (13.0)           (10.9)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                           0.3              5.2
Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                                               (967.0)          (979.1)

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                    737.5            510.5
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                    (796.0)        (1,038.2)
Repayment of principal component of lease liabilities                                  17.2                (116.3)          (111.9)
Dividends paid to Company's shareholders                                               20.1                (224.9)          (233.1)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                (126.2)          (203.1)
Share buy-backs                                                                                            (323.3)          (284.9)
Net cash (outflow) from financing activities                                                               (849.2)        (1,360.7)

Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                     (406.2)          (188.9)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                    1,488.7          1,675.1
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                 0.8              2.5
Cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts, at the end of the year                    15                1,083.3          1,488.7

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities                      16.1, 17.2
Financing arrangements                                                                 16.2
Non-cash financing activities                                                          17.2




The consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements.




76
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration             Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




   About this report
   This section provides information about the basis upon which the Group’s financial statements are prepared. It includes an
   overview of the reporting entity, a summary of certain accounting policies that are not disclosed elsewhere, and highlights the key
   accounting judgements and estimates applied by management and where that information is disclosed in this report.




Reporting entity
BlueScope Steel Limited is a for-profit company incorporated and domiciled in Australia and limited by shares publicly traded on the
Australian Securities Exchange. The registered office of the Company is Level 24, 181 William Street, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia 3000.
The nature of the operations and principal activities of the Group are described in note 1.1 and the Directors' Report.
The financial report of BlueScope Steel Limited for the year ended 30 June 2024 was authorised for issue in accordance with a
resolution of the Directors on 19 August 2024.

Basis of preparation
The financial report is a general purpose financial report, which:
• Has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Australian Corporations Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards
  and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and International Financial Reporting
  Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
• Has been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain derivative financial instruments and other investments which are
  measured at fair value.
• Is presented in Australian dollars rounded to the nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated, in accordance with the
  Australian Securities and Investments Commission Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191.
• Presents reclassified comparative information where required for consistency with the current year's presentation.
• Adopts all new and amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the AASB that are relevant to the Group and
  effective for reporting periods beginning on or before 1 July 2023.
• Does not early adopt any Accounting Standards and Interpretations that have been issued or amended but are not yet effective.
• Has been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting as, at the time of approving the financial statements, the Directors' have
  reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.

Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of BlueScope Steel Limited ('the Company' or 'parent entity')
and its controlled entities (together 'the Group'). Details of controlled entities (subsidiaries) of the Company are contained in note 23.
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group
is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
power to direct the relevant activities of the entity.
The financial statements of subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group financial statements from the date that the Group obtains control
until the date that control ceases. The subsidiary financial statements are prepared using consistent accounting policies and for the
same reporting period as the parent company.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in full.

Foreign currency
Items included in the financial statements of entities within the Group are measured using the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entity generates and expends cash ('the functional currency'). The consolidated financial statements are
presented in Australian dollars, which is BlueScope Steel Limited's functional and presentation currency.
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rate prevailing at the transaction
date. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate at the reporting date.
Non-monetary items measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate as at the date of
the initial transaction. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from translation are recognised in the income statement, except when
deferred in equity as qualifying cash flow or net investment hedges, or where those gains or losses are attributable to part of the net
investment in a foreign operation.




                                                                                                                                             77
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




On consolidation at the reporting date, the assets and liabilities of entities within the Group that have a functional currency different from
the presentation currency, are translated into Australian dollars at the rate of exchange at the reporting date and the income statements
are translated at the average exchange rate for the year. Exchange differences arising from the translation are recognised in other
comprehensive income and in the foreign currency translation reserve in equity.

Goods and services tax (GST) / value added tax (VAT)
Revenues, expenses, liabilities and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST/VAT, unless the GST/VAT incurred is not recoverable
from the tax authority. In this case, it is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense. Receivables
and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST/VAT receivable or payable.
Cash flows in the consolidated statement of cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST/VAT components of cash flows arising
from investing and financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority are presented as operating
cash flows.
Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of the amount of GST/VAT recoverable from, or payable to, a taxation authority.

Other accounting policies
Material and other accounting policies that summarise the measurement basis used and are relevant to an understanding of the financial
statements, are provided throughout the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using the same accounting policies as used in the financial statements for
the year ended 30 June 2023. There were no significant changes in accounting policies during the year ended 30 June 2024 nor did the
introduction of new accounting standards or amendments lead to any change in measurement or disclosure in the financial statements
as described in note 34.1.

The notes to the consolidated financial statements
The notes to the consolidated financial statements includes information which is material and relevant to the operations, financial
position and performance of the Group. Information is considered material and relevant due to its size or nature, or the information is
important for understanding current and future performance or significant changes in operations.
The notes to the consolidated financial statements have been organised into logical groupings to help users find and understand the
information reported. Where possible, related information has been provided in the same place.




     Key accounting judgements and estimates
     The preparation of the financial statements requires management to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
     policies. It also requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
     expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas
     where assumptions and estimates are material to the financial statements, are disclosed and highlighted in the following notes:


     Accounting judgements and estimates                                          Note
     Uncertain tax matters                                                        Note 4 Income tax
     Recognition and recoverability of deferred tax assets                        Note 4 Income tax
     Recognition and calculation of provisions                                    Note 10 Provisions
     Determination of retirement benefit obligations                              Note 11 Retirement benefit obligations
     Estimation of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment              Note 12 Property, plant and equipment
     Impairment of non-financial assets - carrying value assessment               Note 14 Carrying value of non-financial assets
     Determining lease contract terms and lease components                        Note 17 Leases
     Fair value measurement of share-based payments                               Note 28 Share-based payments




78
Message from              Earnings Report         Directors' Report        Remuneration            Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                  Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




      Financial performance
      This section provides information about the operating results and financial performance of the Group. It includes disclosure
      of segment financial information, revenue and other income, costs and expenses, taxes and earnings per share, including the
      accounting policies, and key accounting judgements and estimates relevant to understanding these areas.




1.         Segment information
1.1        Description of segments
The Group has identified its operating segments based on the information that is regularly reviewed and used by the chief operating
decision maker (Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer) for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance.
The following summary describes the operations of the Group's reportable segments, which comprise individually material
operating segments and an aggregation of operating segments when they have similar economic characteristics and satisfy the
aggregation criteria.


Segment                 Description

Australian Steel        • ASP produces and markets a range of high value coated and painted flat steel products for Australian building
Products (ASP)            and construction customers as well as providing a broader offering of commodity flat steel products.
                        • Products are primarily sold to the Australian domestic market, with some volume exported.
                        • Key brands include zinc/aluminium alloy coated - ZINCALUME® steel and galvanised and zinc/aluminium alloy-
                          coated pre-painted COLORBOND® steel.
                        • Main manufacturing facilities are at Port Kembla (NSW) and Western Port (VIC).
                        • This operating segment also operates pipe and tube manufacturing, and a network of roll-forming and
                          distribution sites throughout Australia, acting as a major steel product supplier to the building and construction,
                          manufacturing, transport, agriculture and mining industries.

North Star              • North Star BlueScope Steel is a low-cost regional supplier of hot rolled coil, based in Ohio (USA), serving
BlueScope Steel           automotive, construction and manufacturing end-use industries. North Star is highly efficient, operates at
                          industry leading utilisation rates and is strategically located near its customers and in one of the largest scrap
                          metal recycling regions of North America.
                        • This operating segment also includes BlueScope Recycling and Materials which is a full-service ferrous scrap
                          metal recycler, primarily focussed on supplying North Star's scrap steel requirements. It has processing facilities
                          in Waterloo (Indiana, USA), Mansfield (Ohio) and Delta (Ohio), adjacent to the North Star facility.

Buildings and           • Leader in engineered building solutions, servicing the low-rise non-residential construction needs of customers
Coated Products           from an engineering and manufacturing base in North America.
North America           • This segment includes the coil paintings operation that extend nationally throughout BlueScope Coated
                          Products (BCP). BCP is the second largest metal painter in the US, with seven facilities predominantly serving
                          the commercial and industrial construction applications.
                        • This segment also includes Building Products North America, representing the US operations of the joint venture
                          with Nippon Steel Corporation (NSC) and BlueScope Properties Group which develops industrial properties,
                          predominantly warehouses and distribution centres.




                                                                                                                                               79
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


1.      Segment information (Continued)

Segment              Description

Coated               • Technology leader in metal coated and painted steel building products, principally focused on the Asia-Pacific
Products Asia          region, with a wide range of branded products that include pre-painted COLORBOND® steel, zinc/aluminium
                       alloy-coated ZINCALUME® steel and the LYSAGHT® range of products.
                     • This segment has an extensive footprint of metal coating, painting and steel building product operations in
                       Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia and India, primarily servicing the residential and non-residential building
                       and construction industries across Asia.
                     • This segment also aggregates the Building Products China operating segment, comprising metal coating,
                       painting, Lysaght operations and engineered building solutions.
                     • BlueScope operates in ASEAN and the west coast of North America in partnership with NSC and in India with Tata
                       Steel. Both are 50/50 joint ventures, with BlueScope controlling and therefore consolidating the joint venture
                       with NSC, and jointly controlling and therefore equity accounting the joint venture with Tata Steel. The ASEAN
                       operating segments of the joint venture with NSC are aggregated in this segment, as is the interest in the Tata
                       BlueScope joint venture.

New Zealand &        • Consists of three primary business areas: New Zealand Steel, Pacific Steel and BlueScope Pacific Islands.
Pacific Islands      • New Zealand Steel is the only steel producer in New Zealand, producing slab, billet, hot rolled coil and value
                       added coated and painted products for both domestic and export markets across the Pacific Region. Operations
                       include the manufacture and distribution of the LYSAGHT® range of products in Fiji, New Caledonia and Vanuatu
                       and rod and bar in Fiji.
                     • Pacific Steel is the sole producer of long steel products such as rod, bar, reinforcing coil and wire in
                       New Zealand.
                     • This segment also includes the Waikato North Head iron sands mine which supplies iron sands to the
                       Glenbrook Steelworks.




80
Message from the Chair                             Earnings Report                               Directors' Report                                Remuneration Report                              Financial Report                  Additional Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


1.         Segment information (Continued)
1.2        Information about reportable segments
Performance of operating segments is based on EBIT, which represents earnings excluding the effects of Group financing (including interest expense and interest income) and income taxes, as these
items are managed on a Group basis.
Sales between segments are carried out at an arm's length basis and are eliminated on consolidation. The revenue from external parties is measured in a manner that is consistent with the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income.
Segment assets and liabilities are measured in a manner consistent with the consolidated statement of financial position. Cash and liabilities arising from borrowings and leases are not considered to be
segment assets and liabilities due to these being managed by the Group's centralised treasury function.
Segment information for the reportable segments for the year ended 30 June 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                     Buildings &
                                                                                             Australian Steel            North Star             Coated Products          Coated Products           New Zealand &      Discontinued                     Consolidated
                                                                                                   Products         BlueScope Steel               North America                     Asia           Pacific Islands      Operations        Total       North America1
 30 June 2024                                                                                             $M                    $M                           $M                      $M                        $M              $M          $M                   $M

 Segment sales revenue                                                                                6,982.3                 3,840.7                      3,697.0                 2,075.9                 914.7                 -    17,510.6                7,460.5
 Intersegment revenue                                                                                  (262.2)                  (77.2)                           -                   (16.1)               (145.7)                -      (501.2)                     -
 Sales revenue from external customers                                                                6,720.1                 3,763.5                      3,697.0                 2,059.8                 769.0                 -    17,009.4                7,460.5
 Interest revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                                         56.7
 Other revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                                            45.9
 Total revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                                        17,112.0

 Segment EBIT                                                                                           354.4                    492.4                        415.9                   146.6                 43.7              1.2      1,454.2                 918.0

 Comprises:
 Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                  342.6                    138.7                         79.5                     87.9                 43.3                -       692.0                 218.2
 Share of profit / (loss) from associates and joint ventures                                                -                      1.5                            -                      5.6                    -                -         7.1                   1.5

 Segment assets                                                                                      5,190.4                  4,177.0                      2,586.6                 1,406.7               1,189.0             13.0     14,562.7             6,760.7
 Segment liabilities                                                                                (1,377.5)                  (509.3)                      (555.2)                 (497.3)               (270.9)            (2.8)    (3,213.0)           (1,062.4)

 Comprises:
 Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                               -                      0.7                            -                   125.6                    -                 -       126.3                   0.7
 Additions to non-current assets2                                                                       739.2                    137.1                         90.6                    49.0                114.2                 -     1,130.1                 227.7
1. Consolidated North America is the total of North Star BlueScope Steel and Buildings and Coated Products North America. It is included to provide a summary of total North America operations.
2. Other than financial assets and deferred tax.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    81
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


1.         Segment information (Continued)
                                                                                                                                                     Buildings &
                                                                                             Australian Steel            North Star             Coated Products          Coated Products           New Zealand &     Discontinued                Consolidated
                                                                                                   Products         BlueScope Steel               North America                     Asia           Pacific Islands     Operations       Total   North America1
 30 June 2023                                                                                             $M                    $M                           $M                      $M                        $M             $M         $M               $M

 Segment sales revenue                                                                                7,930.2                 3,479.6                      3,640.8                 2,630.6                 962.6                -   18,643.8         7,020.0
 Intersegment revenue                                                                                  (248.4)                 (100.5)                        (0.9)                  (30.4)                (89.4)               -     (469.6)           (0.9)
 Sales revenue from external customers                                                                7,681.8                 3,379.1                      3,639.9                 2,600.2                 873.2                -   18,174.2         7,019.1
 Interest revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                                       35.6
 Other revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                                          32.7
 Total revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                                      18,242.5

 Segment EBIT                                                                                           492.1                    433.0                        503.1                     91.7               128.6             8.5     1,657.0           930.8

 Comprises:
 Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                  344.7                    122.3                         76.9                     81.0                 31.8               -      656.7           199.2
 Net impairment expense / (write-back)                                                                      -                        -                            -                     49.7                    -               -       49.7               -
 Share of profit / (loss) from associates and joint ventures                                                -                      0.8                            -                     20.5                    -               -       21.3             0.8

 Segment assets                                                                                      4,967.0                  4,180.0                      2,543.9                 1,629.5               1,116.4            16.5    14,453.3         6,701.9
 Segment liabilities                                                                                (1,500.9)                  (618.3)                      (652.6)                 (630.8)               (295.5)           (3.2)   (3,701.3)       (1,259.5)

 Comprises:
 Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                               -                      0.4                            -                   141.0                     -               -      141.4             0.4
 Additions to non-current assets2                                                                       518.9                    210.0                         87.0                    57.2                  92.8               -      965.9           262.3
1. Consolidated North America is the total of North Star BlueScope Steel and Buildings and Coated Products North America. It is included to provide a summary of total North America operations.
2. Other than financial assets and deferred tax.




82
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report        Remuneration              Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                            Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


1.      Segment information (Continued)
1.3     Geographical information
The Group's geographical regions are based on the location of markets and customers. Segment non-current assets exclude tax assets
and are allocated based on where the assets are located.

Segment revenue from external customers ($M)




                                    Australia: 5,362.0                                                         Australia: 6,149.7
                                    Asia: 2,341.4                                                              Asia: 2,922.4
            2024                    North America: 7,901.9                           2023                      North America: 7,583.9
                                    New Zealand: 712.3                                                         New Zealand: 816.3
                                    Other: 691.8                                                               Other: 701.9




Non-current assets ($M)




                                    Australia: 3,014.4                                                         Australia: 2,597.3
                                    Asia: 842.8                                                                Asia: 912.9
            2024                    North America: 4,926.4                           2023                      North America: 4,955.0
                                    New Zealand: 704.3                                                         New Zealand: 562.2
                                    Other: 20.4                                                                Other: 17.6




1.4     Reconciliation segment information
A reconciliation of segment EBIT, assets and liabilities to the consolidated financial statements is as follows:

Segment EBIT

                                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                             Note                        $M                 $M

Total segment EBIT                                                                                                 1,454.2              1,657.0
Intersegment eliminations                                                                                               22.1              16.2
Interest income                                                                                2                        56.7              35.6
Finance costs                                                                              16.6, 17.3                  (64.4)             (72.4)
Discontinued operations                                                                                                 (1.0)              (6.1)
Corporate operations                                                                                                  (200.3)           (185.9)
Profit before income tax from continuing operations                                                                1,267.3              1,444.4




                                                                                                                                              83
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


1.        Segment information (Continued)
Segment assets

                                                        2024        2023
                                              Note        $M          $M

Segment assets                                       14,562.7    14,453.3
Intersegment eliminations                              (230.7)     (404.8)
Unallocated:
  Deferred tax assets                         4.2        61.4      113.8
  Cash                                        15.1    1,085.5     1,489.8
  Accrued interest receivable                             2.6         1.2
  Corporate operations                                 196.5       281.8
Total assets                                         15,678.0    15,935.1

Segment liabilities

                                                        2024        2023
                                              Note        $M          $M

Segment liabilities                                   3,213.0     3,701.3
Intersegment eliminations                              (229.5)     (381.4)
Unallocated:
  Borrowings                                  16       185.2       244.8
  Lease liabilities                           17.2     536.3       541.7
  Current tax liabilities                                13.9        78.6
  Deferred tax liabilities                    4.2      513.6       532.8
  Accrued borrowing costs payable                         2.8         2.7
  Corporate operations                                 157.2       183.9
Total liabilities                                     4,392.5     4,904.4

2.        Revenue

                                                         2024        2023
                                                           $M          $M

Sales revenue from contracts with customers          17,009.4    18,174.2
  Other                                                  45.9        32.7
Revenue from continuing operations                   17,055.3    18,206.9
  Interest revenue                                       56.7        35.6
Total revenue                                        17,112.0    18,242.5




84
Message from             Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration             Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


2.      Revenue (Continued)
2.1     Disaggregation of sales revenue from contracts with customers

                                               Australian   North Star        Buildings &       Coated   New Zealand
                                                   Steel    BlueScope    Coated Products      Products      & Pacific Discontinued
                                                Products         Steel     North America          Asia        Islands   Operations        Total
30 June 2024                                         $M            $M                 $M           $M             $M           $M          $M

External sales revenue recognition
Point in time                                   6,720.1       3,763.5            1,868.9      1,471.4          769.0              -   14,592.9
Over time                                             -             -            1,828.1        588.4              -              -    2,416.5
Total external sales revenue                    6,720.1       3,763.5            3,697.0      2,059.8          769.0              -   17,009.4

External sales revenue by destination
Australia                                       5,354.5             -                  -          7.5             -               -    5,362.0
Asia                                              328.3             -                  -      2,013.2             -               -    2,341.5
North America                                     438.6       3,763.5            3,697.0          2.8             -               -    7,901.9
New Zealand                                        23.6             -                  -            -         688.6               -      712.2
Other                                             575.1             -                  -         36.3          80.4               -      691.8
Total external sales revenue                    6,720.1       3,763.5            3,697.0      2,059.8         769.0               -   17,009.4

External sales revenue by category
Steelmaking products                            1,786.8       3,576.6                  -          0.2          62.9               -    5,426.5
Building products                               4,518.8             -            1,770.4      1,471.2         706.1               -    8,466.5
Engineered building solutions                         -             -            1,828.1        588.4             -               -    2,416.5
Other                                             414.5         186.9               98.5            -             -               -      699.9
Total external sales revenue                    6,720.1       3,763.5            3,697.0      2,059.8         769.0               -   17,009.4

                                               Australian   North Star        Buildings &       Coated   New Zealand
                                                   Steel    BlueScope    Coated Products      Products      & Pacific Discontinued
                                                Products         Steel     North America          Asia        Islands   Operations        Total
30 June 2023                                         $M            $M                 $M           $M             $M           $M          $M

External sales revenue recognition
Point in time                                   7,681.8       3,379.1            1,724.4      1,678.7         873.2               -   15,337.2
Over time                                             -             -            1,915.5        921.5             -               -    2,837.0
Total external sales revenue                    7,681.8       3,379.1            3,639.9      2,600.2         873.2               -   18,174.2

External sales revenue by destination
Australia                                       6,115.1             -                  -         34.6             -               -    6,149.7
Asia                                              411.2             -                  -      2,511.3             -               -    2,922.5
North America                                     564.8       3,379.1            3,639.9            -             -               -    7,583.8
New Zealand                                        27.5             -                  -          0.9         787.9               -      816.3
Other                                             563.2             -                  -         53.4          85.3               -      701.9
Total external sales revenue                    7,681.8       3,379.1            3,639.9      2,600.2         873.2               -   18,174.2

External sales revenue by category
Steelmaking products                            2,228.8       3,141.2                  -            -         224.5               -    5,594.5
Building products                               5,001.1             -            1,724.4      1,678.7         648.7               -    9,052.9
Engineered building solutions                         -             -            1,915.5        921.5             -               -    2,837.0
Other                                             451.9         237.9                  -            -             -               -      689.8
Total external sales revenue                    7,681.8       3,379.1            3,639.9      2,600.2         873.2               -   18,174.2

The Group generates a significant portion of it's revenue from the following:

Steelmaking products
Includes sales of flat steel products including hot rolled coil, cold rolled coil and plate within Australian Steel Products (ASP) and sale
of slab and billet in New Zealand. Products are primarily sold to the Australian and New Zealand domestic market, with some volume
exported. Additionally, it includes North Star domestic sales of hot rolled coil.

Building products
Includes sales of value-added metallic coated and painted steel solutions across Australia, New Zealand, Asia and North America.



                                                                                                                                              85
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


2.      Revenue (Continued)
Engineered building solutions
Includes sales of pre-fabricated distribution centres, factories and stores to low-rise non-residential construction segment in Buildings
North America and China.

Other
Includes scrap sales within Australian Steel Products and North Star and sales of industrial real estate, predominately warehouses and
distribution centres, within Buildings and Coated Products North America through the BlueScope Properties Group.

2.2     Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers

                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                                     $M                 $M

Current contract assets
Engineered building solutions                                                                                     109.9              54.4
Total current contract assets                                                                                     109.9              54.4

Current contract liabilities
Customer deposits received in advance of work performed                                                           218.2             276.1
Service warranties                                                                                                   0.9                0.9
Total current contract liabilities                                                                                219.1             277.0

Non-current contract liabilities
Service warranties                                                                                                   7.9                8.2
Total non-current contract liabilities                                                                               7.9                8.2

There have been no contract assets recognised from costs to fulfil a contract.
Non-current service warranties relate to the North American Buildings and Building Product businesses and range from 5 to 30 years.

2.3     Recognition and measurement
Sales revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and is presented net of returns, trade allowances,
rebates and amounts collected on behalf of third parties.
As a manufacturer, the Group's primary performance obligation is the delivery of steel products. In addition to delivering goods, the
Group also provides design, construction or installation services in our Buildings and Building Product businesses. Other than the
provision of service warranties, the Group's performance obligations are typically satisfied within one year or less.
Where multiple goods and services (e.g. design, materials, construction and/or installation services) are provided to a customer under
a single performance obligation, revenue is recognised over time, where required by accounting standards. The input method is used
for measuring progress towards completion of a performance obligation, whereby the amount of revenue recognised is based on
the percentage of costs incurred for work performed to date, relative to the total costs expected to be incurred in satisfying that
performance obligation.
Revenue for other performance obligations, is recognised at a point in time when control of a good or service passes to the customer,
with the performance obligation being satisfied at that point in time.
The transaction price in a contract can vary due to volume and steel pricing rebates, early payment discounts and credits for product
shipped and billed to the customer that did not meet previously agreed specifications. Variable consideration is estimated using the
‘most likely amount method’ for contracts with a single volume threshold and the ‘expected value method’ for contracts with more than
one volume threshold.
The majority of the Groupʼs product warranties are assurance type warranties. However, the North American Buildings and Building
Product businesses offer service warranties to customers, ranging from 5 to 30 years. These service warranties are treated as a separate
performance obligation with revenue from premiums recognised over the warranty period.




86
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report       Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                         Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


3.      Expenses and other income
3.1     Expenses

                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                           Note                     $M                $M

Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress                                                     (78.7)            277.3
Raw materials and consumables used                                                                           10,456.8          11,273.8
Employee benefits expense                                                                                     2,483.7            2,378.3
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                   12, 13, 17.1              692.9             658.3
Freight on external despatches                                                                                    784.8             771.7
External services                                                                                             1,039.1               951.0
Other expenses                                                                                                    526.1             511.2
Total expenses                                                                                               15,904.7          16,821.6

3.2     Other income

                                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                                     $M               $M

Carbon permit income                                                                                              107.7             107.0
Energy certificates income                                                                                          2.2                   -
Government grants                                                                                                   5.7               1.9
Insurance recoveries                                                                                                0.6               0.2
Net gain on sale of subsidiaries                                                                                    1.1                   -
Net foreign exchange gains                                                                                             -             15.2
Total other income                                                                                                117.3             124.3

Carbon permit income
Carbon permit income arises from the receipt of emission unit permits under different national greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
reduction schemes. The majority is attributable to the New Zealand Government's Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS) where units are
granted on a calendar year basis, recorded as intangible assets at their fair value, with a corresponding entry to deferred income, and
income is recognised based on production outputs across the period.

Sale of subsidiary
In November 2023, BlueScope sold it's 30% investment in NS BlueScope Lysaght (B) Sdn Bhd for $0.9M. As part of the disposal of the
investment, $1.1M of reserves was transferred to profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                          87
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


4.      Income tax
4.1     Income tax expense

                                                                                 2024       2023
                                                                        Note       $M         $M

(i) Income tax expense recognised in profit or loss
Current tax                                                                     284.0      340.8
Deferred tax                                                                     31.4        (4.1)
Temporary difference on net investments in foreign subsidiaries         19.1      (0.3)      (2.0)
Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                       5.0      17.3
Total income tax expense                                                        320.1      352.0
Income tax expense is attributable to:
  Continuing operations                                                         320.1      351.7
  Discontinued operations                                                            -        0.3
Total income tax expense                                                        320.1      352.0

(ii) Reconciliation of prima facie tax expense in income tax expense
Profit from continuing operations before income tax expense                    1,267.3    1,444.4
Profit from discontinued operations before income tax expense                      1.0        6.1
Profit before income tax                                                       1,268.3    1,450.5
Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30.0% (2023: 30.0%)                           380.5      435.1
Effect of different tax rates in foreign jurisdictions                           (75.8)     (64.0)
Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                       5.0      17.3
Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible / (taxable):
  Withholding tax                                                                 10.8       10.5
  Non-tax effected (gains)/losses                                                (30.6)     (30.6)
  Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures                           (1.4)      (5.2)
  Sundry items                                                                     5.1       (1.1)
Tax losses and temporary differences not recognised                                3.2      15.6
Tax effect of the utilisation of tax losses not previously recognised                -       (0.3)
Tax losses and temporary differences now recognised                              23.3       (25.3)
Income tax expense                                                              320.1      352.0




88
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


4.      Income tax (Continued)
                                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                            Note                      $M                 $M

(iii) Income tax relating to items in other comprehensive income
Net gain / (loss) in cash flow hedges                                                                                 0.3              (17.0)
Actuarial gains in defined benefit and retirement plans                                                               3.6                8.7
Total movement in deferred tax recognised in other comprehensive income                                               3.9               (8.3)
Temporary difference on net investments in foreign subsidiaries                             19.1                      0.3                2.0
Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                   4.2               (6.3)

(iv) Income tax recognised directly in equity
Excess tax deductions for share-based payments on share awards                              18.2                     (1.7)              (1.8)
Income tax recognised directly in equity                                                                             (1.7)              (1.8)

Income tax expense for the year was $320.1M, resulting in an effective tax rate of 25.4% (excluding the impact of net profits of
associates and joint ventures). The Group's effective tax rate is lower than the Australian 30% statutory tax rate primarily due to lower tax
rates in North America and Asia and recognition of temporary differences during the year.

4.2     Deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                                                                  Deferred tax assets                Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                              2024               2023               2024               2023
                                                                                 $M                 $M                $M                 $M

The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
Employee benefits provision                                                    20.8                30.9            (122.1)          (129.2)
Other provisions                                                                 8.6                7.6             (57.5)             (34.3)
Property, plant and equipment                                                  12.6                 5.0            545.7               538.6
Foreign exchange (gains) / losses                                                  -                0.1              19.0               21.2
Intangible assets                                                              (5.4)               (5.8)           131.7               121.9
Inventory                                                                      13.1                23.0              23.9               21.5
Tax losses                                                                     32.6                42.4             (20.3)             (22.1)
Other                                                                         (20.9)               10.6              (6.8)              15.2
Total                                                                          61.4             113.8              513.6               532.8




                                                                                                                                           89
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


4.      Income tax (Continued)
                                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                                                    $M                   $M

Recognised deferred tax balances:
Deferred tax asset                                                                                                61.4             113.8
Deferred tax liability                                                                                           513.6             532.8
Net deferred tax liability                                                                                       452.2             419.0

Net deferred tax liability movements:
Opening balance at 1 July                                                                                        419.0             411.2
Charged / (credited):
Amount expensed / (credited) to profit or loss                                                                    31.4               (4.1)
Amount expensed / (credited) to other comprehensive income                                                          3.9              (8.3)
Amount recognised in business acquisitions                                                                            -                  4.0
Exchange differences                                                                                               (2.1)            16.2
Closing balance as at 30 June                                                                                    452.2             419.0

4.3     Unrecognised deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                                    $M                   $M

Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities:
Temporary difference relating to investment in subsidiaries                                                      169.4             204.6
Potential tax effect                                                                                               17.4              22.1

Unrecognised deferred tax assets:
Deductible temporary differences                                                                                 328.9             406.1
Unused tax losses                                                                                                  37.8                  7.9
Potential tax effect                                                                                               97.4            112.8

Overseas subsidiaries have undistributed earnings, which, if paid out as dividends, would be subject to withholding tax. An assessable
temporary difference exists, however no deferred tax liability has been recognised as the parent entity is able to control the timing of
distributions from its subsidiaries and is not expected to distribute these profits in the foreseeable future.
Unrecognised deferred tax assets for the Group totalling $97.4M (2023: $112.8M) in respect of temporary differences have not been
recognised as they are not probable of realisation.
Unused tax losses relate to entities in Singapore, Indonesia and China. Unused losses in China expire after 5 years of being incurred.

4.4     Recognition and measurement
Income tax expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income comprises current and deferred tax, except to the extent
that it relates to items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income, in which case it is also recognised directly in
equity or other comprehensive income, respectively.

Current taxes
The income tax expense or benefit for the period is the tax payable on the current period taxable income using tax rates enacted
or substantively enacted at the reporting date in the countries where the Group operates, and generates taxable income, and any
adjustment to tax payable with respect to prior years.




90
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report        Remuneration            Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


4.       Income tax (Continued)
Deferred taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and
the tax base. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially
enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the
deferred income tax liability is settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation
authority and there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill in a
business combination or the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction (other than from a business combination or the
adoption of a new accounting standard) that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit.
Furthermore, deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases
of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it
is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. For the current year a $0.3M deferred tax expense, relating to
investments in foreign operations, was recognised in other comprehensive income (2023: $2.0M).
Deferred tax assets are only recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future
taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

OECD Pillar Two Model Rules
The Group operates in jurisdictions where new legislation to implement the global minimum top-up tax has been enacted. This includes
Japan, Korea, Malaysia, New Zealand and Vietnam. There is no impact on current tax arising from enacted legislation for the year ended
30 June 2024 as in each of these jurisdictions, the Pillar Two Rules do not apply to the Group until the financial year commencing
1 July 2024.
Additionally, we do not expect there to be a material impact on current tax for the year ending 30 June 2025 arising from legislation
that has been enacted, or is expected to be enacted (including substantively enacted) before the end of the FY2025 annual reporting
period. This includes in Australia where legislation has been introduced into the Federal Parliament and when passed by both houses,
will operate to implement the Pillar Two model rules with retrospective effect for the Group from 1 July 2024.
The Group has and will continue to apply the mandatory temporary exception in AASB 112 Income Taxes not to recognise or disclose
information about deferred tax assets and liabilities that could arise from OECD Pillar Two model rules.
Any impact arising from the top-up tax will be presented as current tax in the period when it is incurred.




   4.5     Key accounting judgements and estimates
   Uncertain tax matters
   The Group is subject to income taxes in Australia and foreign jurisdictions and as a result the calculation of the Group’s tax
   payable involves estimation and judgement, including assumptions made in respect of the application of tax legislation. There are
   transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
   Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, these differences will
   impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which the determination is made.

   Recognition and recoverability of deferred tax assets
   Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future
   forecast taxable profits are available to utilise those temporary differences and losses, and the tax losses continue to be available
   having regard to the relevant tax legislation associated with their recoupment. Judgement is required to determine the amount of
   deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of probable future taxable profits.




                                                                                                                                            91
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


5.      Earnings per share
                                                                                  Basic                              Diluted
                                                                              2024              2023              2024               2023
                                                                              Cents             Cents             Cents             Cents

Continuing operations                                                        179.7              216.2             178.4             214.6
Discontinued operations                                                         0.3               1.2                0.3               1.2
Earnings per share                                                            180.0             217.4             178.7             215.8

5.1     Earnings used in calculating earnings per share

                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                                     $M                $M

Continuing operations                                                                                             804.6           1,003.3
Discontinued operations                                                                                              1.1               5.9
Profit used in calculating basic earnings per share                                                               805.7           1,009.2

5.2     Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator

                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                                Number            Number

Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic)                                                        447,656,053       464,166,573
Weighted average number of share rights                                                                      3,285,020         3,426,623
Weighted average number of ordinary and potential ordinary shares (diluted)                               450,941,073       467,593,196

5.3     Calculation of earnings per share
Basic earnings / (loss) per share
Calculated as net profit / (loss) attributable to the owners of the Company divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the year.

Diluted earnings / (loss) per share
Calculated by dividing the net profit / (loss) attributable to the owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding during the year, plus the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued upon the conversion of
all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares. Dilution arises as a result of the employee reserved shares issued under the
employee share plan being accounted for as in-substance options and unvested restricted shares.




92
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report      Remuneration           Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                             Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




   Working capital

   This section provides information about the Group's working capital and provisions, including the accounting policies and key
   accounting judgements and estimates relevant to understanding these areas.




6.      Trade and other receivables

                                                                                2024                                 2023
                                                                          Current       Non-current             Current     Non-current
                                                        Note                  $M                 $M                $M                 $M

Trade receivables                                                        1,524.9                   -        1,742.3                      -
Loss allowance for trade receivables                    6.1                (40.8)                  -             (29.2)                  -
Total trade receivables                                                  1,484.1                   -        1,713.1                      -

Workers compensation receivables                        10.2                     -             26.6                   -              28.2
Sale of receivables                                     6.3                 35.2                   -              64.5                   -
Other receivables                                                           73.1                9.1               76.4                9.6
Total other receivables                                                    108.3               35.7              140.9               37.8

Total trade and other receivables                                        1,592.4               35.7          1,854.0                 37.8

6.1     Loss allowance for trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                                                   $M                 $M

As at 1 July                                                                                                      29.2              26.6
Additional loss allowance recognised                                                                              21.6              10.6
Amounts used during the year                                                                                      (2.5)             (2.1)
Unutilised loss allowance written back                                                                            (6.7)             (5.7)
Exchange differences                                                                                              (0.8)              (0.2)
Total loss allowance for trade and other receivables                                                              40.8              29.2

6.2     Past due but not impaired

                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                                    $M                $M

Within 30 days                                                                                                   131.5               94.2
31 - 60 days                                                                                                      17.3               13.8
61 - 90 days                                                                                                        1.0               1.4
Total                                                                                                            149.8              109.4

Nil non-current receivables are impaired or past due.




                                                                                                                                        93
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


6.      Trade and other receivables (Continued)
6.3     Transferred financial assets that are derecognised
The Group has receivables securitisation programs totalling $345.1M (2023: $345.3M) that mature in September 2024 ($45.1M) and
December 2025 ($300.0M). These programs involve the sale of relevant trade receivables across Australian Steel Products and North
Star BlueScope Steel. The business services the programs and collects cash from its customers on behalf of the program provider for
which a fee is received.
Relevant trade receivables under the receivables securitisation programs are required to be derecognised in their entirety, when the
contractual rights to the cash flows from the trade receivables have expired or are transferred. The Group maintains a continuing
involvement in the derecognised financial assets by virtue of reserving requirements under the programs. The maximum exposure to
loss for the Group from its continuing involvement is $35.2M which is determined by the amount of reserves funded by BlueScope, less
customer collections during the month. Interest income and service fees earned were $13.2M (2023: $12.7M). Total costs from selling
the receivables and running the programs were $35.8M (2023: $30.7M), presented within other expenses in the consolidated statement
of comprehensive income.
In the event bad or doubtful debts exceeding a specified limit, the Group is required to recognise the trade receivables on the balance
sheet. Under these securitisation programs, the program provider is exposed to the first loss and to qualify for derecognition bad or
doubtful debts must not exceed the first loss limit. Current experience and bad debt history is below this level. In the event this limit is
exceeded, the Group would have to recognise the trade receivable on the balance sheet with the program recorded as borrowings.
The carrying amount of trade receivables derecognised as at 30 June 2024 is $347.2M (2023: $350.0M) which is reflected in a
decrease in trade receivables of $126.4M (2023: $151.4M), and an increase in sundry payables of $256.0M (2023: $263.1M) offset by a
$35.2M (2023: $64.5M) increase in sundry receivables which approximates fair value.

6.4     Recognition and measurement
Trade receivables not included in securitisation programs are held in a business model to collect contractual cash flows which are solely
payments of principal and interest on the principal amounts outstanding. These trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value
and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less allowance for expected credit losses. Trade
receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 to 90 days.

Loss allowance for trade receivables and contract assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) associated with trade receivables and contract assets using
the simplified approach, based on lifetime expected credit losses. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash
flows due under a contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive. The Group calculates loss allowances using a
provision matrix that is based on the Group's historically observed credit loss experience and risk of default, adjusted for current and any
forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.
Customer credit risk is managed by each business in accordance with the procedures and controls set out in the Group’s credit risk
management policy. Credit limits are established for all customers based on external and internal credit rating criteria and letters of credit
or other forms of credit insurance cover are obtained where appropriate.
The Group assesses the recoverability of receivables continuously and debts are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
recovery. Where there is objective evidence that amounts due may not be received, specific allowances are recognised. Indicators that
amounts due may not be received include financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial
reorganisation, and default or delinquency in payments.
The amount of the loss allowance is the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash
flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. Cash flows relating to current receivables are not discounted if the effect of
discounting is immaterial.




94
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


7.      Inventories
                                                                                 2024                                  2023
                                                                            Current      Non-current              Current     Non-current
                                                                                $M                $M                  $M                 $M

At lower of cost and net realisable value:
Raw materials and stores                                                     994.4                   -            1,035.9                   -
Work in progress                                                             859.2                   -             831.8                    -
Finished goods                                                               969.9                   -             951.7                    -
Spares and other                                                             362.7              87.2               321.6               77.7
Total inventories                                                          3,186.2              87.2              3,141.0              77.7

During the year, $37.4M (2023: $16.3M write-back) was recognised as an expense for inventories carried at net realisable value. The
expense has been included in ‘raw materials and consumables used’ in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

7.1     Recognition and measurement
Raw materials and stores, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs to sell.
Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being
allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Cost includes the transfer from equity of any gains/losses on qualifying cash
flow hedges relating to purchases of raw materials. Costs are assigned to inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Costs of
purchased inventory are determined after deducting rebates and discounts.

Raw materials and stores
Raw materials comprise of acquired products that are further processed into saleable products during the production process. Stores
comprise of inventories that will be utilised in the production process.

Work in progress
Work in progress comprise of inventories that are not in a finished state for sale but have had some value added to them or have had
their physical properties altered by a manufacturing process.

Finished goods
Finished goods comprise of inventory that is held for sale and is the output from the production processes.

Spares and other
Spares consist of consumable and maintenance spare parts when they do not meet the definition of property, plant and equipment and
other comprise of real estate inventories in North America. Any amount that is not expected to be utilised or sold within 12 months after
the reporting date are classified as non-current.

8.      Operating intangible assets

                                                                                 2024                                  2023
                                                                            Current      Non-current              Current     Non-current
                                                                                $M                $M                  $M                 $M

Emission unit (EU) permits                                                         -           285.1                68.5              209.2
Australian carbon credit units                                                     -            14.1                    -                   -
Energy certificates                                                                -              3.7                 4.9                   -
Total operating intangible assets                                                  -           302.9                73.4              209.2




                                                                                                                                         95
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


8.      Operating intangible assets (Continued)
8.1     Recognition and measurement
Emission unit (EU) permits
Emission unit (EU) permits are classified as operating intangible assets and are carried at cost. Intangible EU assets are not amortised
as the economic benefits are realised from surrendering the rights to settle obligations arising from the emissions trading scheme. As at
30 June 2024, all emission unit permits are considered non-current.

9.      Trade and other payables

                                                                                    2024                                  2023
                                                                               Current      Non-current             Current       Non-current
                                                         Note                      $M                 $M                 $M                $M

Trade payables                                                                1,542.0                    -         1,747.5                     -
Sale of receivables                                      6.3                    256.0                    -           263.1                     -
Other payables                                                                  163.9               24.4             166.2                31.0
Total trade and other payables                                                1,961.9               24.4           2,176.8                31.0

9.1     Recognition and measurement
Trade and other payables are all classified as financial liabilities held at amortised cost and represent liabilities for goods and services
provided to the Group which are unpaid at the reporting date. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 to 62 days
of recognition.
The carrying value of trade and other payables is considered to approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of the payables.

10.     Provisions

                                                                                    2024                                  2023
                                                                               Current      Non-current             Current       Non-current
                                                                                   $M                 $M                 $M                $M

Annual leave                                                                    135.5                    -           119.2                     -
Long service leave                                                              126.9               16.2             127.2                15.6
Redundancy                                                                         1.3                0.3               1.3                    -
Other employee benefits                                                         265.3               19.1             334.7                24.0
Restructure                                                                        3.0                4.7               3.2                4.9
Product claims                                                                   29.9               30.8               20.8               33.0
Workers compensation                                                             15.4               85.0               17.5               80.3
Restoration and rehabilitation                                                     0.8              48.8                 1.0              41.9
Carbon emissions                                                                 36.4                    -             28.5                    -
Other                                                                            22.8                 3.5              53.5                2.0
Total provisions                                                                637.3              208.4             706.9              201.7




96
Message from            Earnings Report        Directors' Report       Remuneration              Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                             Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


10.     Provisions (Continued)
10.1    Movements in provisions
Movement in significant provisions, other than employee benefits, are set out below.

                                                                    Product        Workers          Restoration &         Carbon
30 June 2024 ($M)                                 Restructure        claims    compensation         rehabilitation      emissions       Other

Current and non-current
Carrying amount at the start of the year                  8.1          53.8              97.8                42.9           28.5        55.5
Additional provisions recognised                          0.2          22.3              23.0                 2.1           68.5        33.4
Unutilised provisions written back                           -         (2.5)             (1.9)                      -           -        (1.3)
Amounts used during the year                             (0.8)        (12.7)            (18.7)               (0.9)         (59.8)       (61.3)
Exchange differences                                         -         (0.2)                 -               (0.1)          (0.1)           -
Transfers                                                    -             -             (1.6)                      -       (0.7)           -
Asset additions                                              -             -                 -                5.6               -           -
Unwinding of discount                                     0.2              -              1.8                       -           -           -
Carrying amount at the end of the year                    7.7          60.7            100.4                 49.6           36.4        26.3

10.2    Recognition and measurement
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for
future operating losses. Where the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example under an insurance contract,
the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.

Annual leave and long service leave
The liability for annual leave and long service leave is measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect
of services provided by employees. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, including on-costs, experience of
employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields on high quality corporate
bonds other than New Zealand where Government bonds are used, with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as
possible, the estimated future cash outflows.

Amounts not expected to be settled within 12 months for current leave provisions
The current provision for long service leave includes all unconditional entitlements where employees have completed the required
period of service. The Group does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement, so the entire annual leave amount and vested
portion of long service leave are presented as current. However, based on past experience, the Group does not expect all employees to
take the full amount of accrued annual leave and long service leave or require payment within the next 12 months. Current annual leave
and long service leave obligation expected to be settled after 12 months is $117.1M (2023: $125.3M).

Redundancy or termination benefits
Liabilities for termination benefits, not in connection with a business combination or the closure of an operation, are recognised when
the Group is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of current employees according to a formal plan without
possibility of withdrawal, or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits
falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to present value.
The employee redundancy provision balance reflects a range of internal reorganisations. All redundancies are expected to take effect
within 12 months of the reporting date.

Other employee benefits - short-term incentive plans
The Group recognises a liability and an expense for short-term incentive plan payments made to employees. The Group recognises a
provision where past practice and current performance indicates that a probable constructive obligation exists. This is recorded in other
employee benefits.




                                                                                                                                            97
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


10.     Provisions (Continued)
Restructuring costs
Liabilities arising directly from undertaking a restructuring program, defined as the closure of an operating site, are recognised when
a detailed plan of the restructuring activity has been developed and implementation of the restructuring program as planned has
commenced, by either entering into contracts to undertake the restructuring activities or making a detailed announcement such that
affected parties are in no doubt the restructuring program will proceed.
The provision primarily relates to Australian Steel Products segment to cover estimated future costs of site closures which are to be
utilised over various terms up to a maximum period of 9 years.

Product claims
Provision for claims is based on modelled data combining sales volumes with past experiences of repair and replacement levels in
conjunction with any specifically identified product faults.

Workers compensation
In Australia and North America, the Company is a registered self-insurer for workers compensation. Provisions are recognised based on
calculations performed by an external actuary in relation to the expectation of future events. A contingent liability exists in relation to
guarantees given to various state workers compensation authorities, due to self-insurance prerequisites (refer to note 26.1).
For the Group, an actuarially determined asset of $26.6M (2023: $28.2M) has been recognised for expected future reimbursements
associated with workers compensation recoveries from third parties. This amount is included in non-current other receivables (refer to
note 6) as there is no legal right offset against the workers compensation provision.

Restoration and rehabilitation
Restoration and rehabilitation provisions include $10.1M (2023: $4.6M) for New Zealand Steel in relation to its operation of its iron sands
mine in Waikato North Head. The provision has been classified as non-current as the timing of payments to remedy the site will not be
made until cessation of operation which is not expected in the near future.
The balance of the provision relates to leased sites that require rectification and restoration work at the end of their respective lease
periods, primarily within the Australian Steel Products Segment for $30.3M (2023: $29.6M).
Recognising restoration, remediation and rehabilitation provisions requires assumptions to be made as to the application of
environmental legislation, site closure dates, available technologies and engineering cost estimates. These uncertainties may result
in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided.

Carbon emissions
The Group is a participant in the New Zealand Government’s uncapped Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS). A provision for carbon
emissions is recognised, measured at the carrying amount of Emission Units (EUs) held.
ETS costs passed through from suppliers are included as part of the underlying cost of the good or service rendered. The liability is
either included within trade creditors or recorded as an emissions liability within the carbon provision account when an agreement has
been reached with the supplier to settle the ETS cost by transferring EUs.
When EUs are delivered to the government or a third party, the EU asset along with the corresponding carbon provision are
derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position.

Other - legal matters

ACCC civil cartel proceedings
In August 2019 the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) commenced civil proceedings against BlueScope and one
of its former employees in the Federal Court alleging contraventions of the Australian competition law cartel provisions. On 9 December
2022, the Federal Court found against BlueScope and its former employee on nine allegations of its former employee attempting to
induce certain suppliers of flat steel products in Australia to reach an understanding on pricing.
At the year end 30 June 2023, in the absence of a final determination of the matter, BlueScope recognised a provision for an estimate of
penalty and legal costs of $45.0M. On 29 August 2023, a penalty of $57.5M was awarded against BlueScope and this existing provision
was increased to reflect the full amount of the penalty. BlueScope has since made the payment as required.
On 22 September 2023, BlueScope filed a notice of appeal. If BlueScope is successful in its appeal, it may have the whole of the liability
decision set aside (in which case the full penalty amount will be recoverable) or some of contraventions dismissed (in which case the
size of the penalty may be reduced).




98
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


10.     Provisions (Continued)

   10.3    Key accounting judgements and estimates
   Recognition and calculation of provisions
   Provisions are measured at the present value of management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present
   obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects
   current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to
   the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




11.     Retirement benefit obligations
11.1    Defined contribution plans
The Group makes superannuation contributions to defined contribution funds in respect of the entity’s employees located in Australia
and other countries. These are fixed contributions recognised as an expense as they become payable, with the Group's legal obligation
limited to these contributions. For the current year the amount recognised as an expense was to $141.8M (2023: $133.7M).

11.2    Defined benefit plans

Country          Fund type                                             Description

New Zealand      Pension Fund and Retirement Savings Plan              New Zealand employees are members of the New Zealand Steel
                 (closed to new participants)                          Pension Fund.

USA              Pension Plan (closed to new participants)             Certain BlueScope Coated Products (BCP) employees are
                                                                       members of two pension plans (BCP Pension Fund).


Defined benefit funds provide defined lump sum benefits based on an employee's years of service and salary. Actuarial assessments
of the defined benefit funds are made at no more than three-yearly intervals, with summary assessments performed annually. The last
formal actuarial assessments for the New Zealand Steel Pension Fund and for the BCP Pension Fund were made as at 30 June 2024.
The average duration of New Zealand defined benefit plan obligation is 11.0 years (2023: 12.0 years). The net liability is not immediately
payable. Any plan surplus will be realised through reduced future Group contributions.

                                                     New Zealand Pension Fund             BCP Pension Fund                   Total
                                                            2024             2023           2024           2023         2024          2023
                                                              $M               $M              $M             $M           $M             $M

Present value of the defined benefit obligation           (240.7)          (254.0)          (15.1)         (16.3)     (255.8)        (270.3)
Fair value of defined benefit plan assets                  234.4            236.4            17.5           18.0       251.9          254.4
Net retirement benefit (obligation) / asset                  (6.3)          (17.6)            2.4             1.7        (3.9)        (15.9)




                                                                                                                                           99
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


11.     Retirement benefit obligations (Continued)
11.3    Reconciliation of defined benefit plans

                                                                              Plan assets                   Defined benefit obligation
                                                                           2024             2023                  2024             2023
                                                                               $M                $M                 $M                   $M

Balance at the beginning of the year                                      254.4             256.0                270.3             297.8
Actuarial losses / (gains)                                                     5.9              7.7                (6.7)           (23.6)
Change in asset ceiling                                                       (3.9)             (4.7)                   -                 -
Current service cost                                                             -                 -                2.2              2.7
Interest income (net of tax paid)                                           13.5                8.6                     -                 -
Interest cost                                                                    -                 -               14.0              9.6
Contributions by the Group                                                     3.4              5.8                     -                 -
Tax on employer contributions                                                 (1.1)             (1.9)                   -                 -
Contributions by plan participants                                             0.6               0.7                    -                 -
Benefits paid                                                             (23.4)            (22.5)               (23.4)            (22.5)
Plan expenses                                                                 (0.7)             (0.6)                   -                 -
Foreign currency exchange rate changes                                         3.2              5.3                (0.8)             6.5
Other - contribution tax movement                                                -                 -                0.2              (0.2)
Balance at the end of the year                                            251.9             254.4                255.8             270.3

11.4    Actuarial assumptions and sensitivity
The principal actuarial assumptions, which require estimation and judgement, used to calculate the net defined benefit balance were
as follows (expressed as a weighted average). The sensitivity analysis has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the
impact on the net defined benefit obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions for the year ended 30 June 2024.

                                                                                                  Impact on defined benefit obligation
                                                                  Rate used            Change           Increase ($M)       Decrease ($M)
Discount rate                                                         4.9%              +/-1%                  (37.4)               40.9
Salary growth rate                                                    2.0%              +/-1%                    4.1                 (4.0)

11.5    Categories of plan assets

                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                                     $M                  $M

Cash                                                                                                                 8.6                 4.7
Equity instruments                                                                                                114.7            121.7
Debt instruments                                                                                                  105.3            104.5
Property                                                                                                           23.3              23.5
Total plan assets                                                                                                 251.9            254.4




100
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


11.      Retirement benefit obligations (Continued)
11.6     Amounts recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                                    $M                    $M

(i) Amounts recognised in profit or loss
Current service cost                                                                                                2.2                2.7
Contributions by plan participants                                                                                 (0.6)              (0.7)
Net interest                                                                                                        0.6                   1.0
Plan expenses                                                                                                       0.6                   0.6
Allowance for contributions tax                                                                                     1.3                1.7
Total included in employee benefits expense                                                                         4.1                5.3
Actual return on plan assets                                                                                       18.7              14.9

(ii) Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income
Actuarial gains recognised in other comprehensive income - defined benefit plans                                   12.6              31.3
Actuarial gains (losses) recognised in other comprehensive income - retirement plans                                0.1               (0.9)
Total actuarial gains recognised in other comprehensive income during the year                                     12.7               30.4
Cumulative actuarial (losses) recognised in other comprehensive income on active plans                            (66.1)             (78.8)

11.7     Employer contributions
Employer contributions to the defined benefit section of the Group's plans are based on recommendations by the plan’s actuaries. The
objective of funding is to ensure that the benefit entitlements of members and other beneficiaries are fully funded by the time they
become payable. Total employer contributions expected to be paid for the year ending 30 June 2025 are $6.0M.




  11.8     Key accounting judgements and estimates
  Determination of retirement benefit obligations
  A liability or asset in respect of defined benefit plans is measured as the present value of the defined benefit obligation less
  the fair value of the fund’s assets. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is based on expected future payments
  which arise from membership of the fund to the end of the reporting period, calculated half yearly by independent actuaries
  using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee
  departures and periods of service.
  Expected future payments are discounted using market yields on government or corporate bonds where a deep market exists,
  with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.
  Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period
  in which they occur, in other comprehensive income.
  Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss, unless the changes to the superannuation plan are conditional on the
  employees remaining in service for a specified period of time (the vesting period). In this case, the past service costs are
  amortised on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Upon settlement the net defined benefit liability is remeasured using the
  current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, including current market yields. A gain or loss on settlement,
  being the difference between the benefits of the plan prior to the settlement and the benefits of the plan post settlement, is
  recognised in profit or loss.
  Future taxes that are funded by the entity and are part of the provision of the existing benefit obligation (e.g. taxes on investment
  income and employer contributions) are taken into account in measuring the net liability or asset.




                                                                                                                                           101
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




  Invested capital

  This section provides information about property, plant and equipment, non-current intangibles assets and the carrying amounts for these non-financial assets, including the accounting policies
  and key judgements and estimates relevant to understanding these areas.




12.     Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                Year ended 30 June 2024                                       Year ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                 Land & Buildings      Plant & equipment            Total      Land & Buildings      Plant & equipment               Total
                                                               Note                           $M                     $M              $M                     $M                     $M                 $M

Opening net book amount                                                                 1,258.0                4,384.2          5,642.2                 926.9                4,383.4          5,310.3
Additions                                                                                  67.9                  939.6          1,007.5                  32.8                  695.2            728.0
Additions through business acquisitions                                                        -                       -               -                 14.5                   30.8             45.3
Depreciation charge                                                                       (61.7)                (436.3)          (498.0)                (58.7)                (415.0)          (473.7)
Disposals                                                                                  (1.4)                   (9.6)          (11.0)                 (0.5)                 (14.4)           (14.9)
Net impairment write-back / (charge)                           14.4                            -                       -               -                 (8.5)                 (41.2)           (49.7)
Transfers between asset classes                                                            10.0                   (10.0)               -                330.3                 (330.3)                -
Asset reclassifications to ROU                                                             (6.9)                       -           (6.9)                     -                      -                -
Transfers (to) / from computer software                                                        -                   (8.2)           (8.2)                     -                  (0.7)            (0.7)
Exchange differences                                                                       (9.0)                 (21.8)           (30.8)                 21.2                   76.4             97.6
Closing net book amount                                                                 1,256.9                4,837.9          6,094.8               1,258.0                4,384.2          5,642.2

Cost                                                                                    2,289.7               14,220.7         16,510.4               2,239.1               13,428.9          15,668.0
Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                (1,032.8)              (9,382.8)       (10,415.6)               (981.1)              (9,044.7)        (10,025.8)
Net book amount                                                                         1,256.9                4,837.9          6,094.8               1,258.0                4,384.2           5,642.2

Assets under construction included above                                                    22.6                1,083.2         1,105.8                    9.5                 707.1            716.6




102
Message from            Earnings Report        Directors' Report      Remuneration           Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                             Report                                         Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


12.     Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
Assets under construction include the capital work in progress associated with the No.6 blast furnace reline and upgrade for ASP and
the electric arc furnace for New Zealand Steel Limited (NZS). The carrying amount of the capital expenditure associated with these
assets has been reduced by $30M and $24M (NZ$26M) respectively as a result of government grants received during the period.
The Group accounts for government grants received for the construction of assets on the balance sheet as a reduction to the carrying
amount of the asset. The grant is subsequently recognised in profit or loss over the life of the related assets as a reduction in
depreciation expense.
A portion of the funding received from the NZ Government becomes repayable if the EAF is not commissioned before the end of 2027 or
if New Zealand Steel fails to achieve an emissions reduction target during the 9 years following the date of commissioning, both of which
are expected to be achieved.

12.1    Sale and disposal of property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                                                  $M                $M

Net (loss) on sale and disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                 (9.7)             (9.4)

12.2    Capital commitments
Significant capital expenditure for property, plant and equipment contracted at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as
liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                                                   $M                   $M

Payable:
Within one year                                                                                                 746.2              386.9
Later than one year but not later than five years                                                               104.8              152.1
Later than five years                                                                                                -               3.1
Total capital commitments                                                                                       851.0              542.1




                                                                                                                                        103
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


12.     Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
12.3    Recognition and measurement
Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Cost includes
expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gains or
losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant and equipment.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable
that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The
carrying amount of a replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are expensed to profit or loss during the reporting
period in which they are incurred.

Depreciation
Property, plant and equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life or, in the case of leasehold
improvements, the lease term. The useful lives of major categories of property, plant and equipment are as follows:


Category                                                               Useful life
Land                                                                   Not depreciated
Buildings                                                              30 - 40 years
Iron and steel making plant and machinery                              20 - 40 years
Coating lines                                                          20 - 30 years
Building components plant and equipment                                12 - 18 years
Other plant and equipment                                              5 - 15 years

Derecognition
Property, plant and equipment is derecognised when it is sold or otherwise disposed of, or when its use is expected to bring no future
economic benefits.




   12.4    Key accounting judgements and estimates
   Estimation of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment
   The estimation of the useful lives of plant and machinery has been based on historical experience and judgement with respect to
   technical obsolescence, physical deterioration and usage capacity of the asset in addition to any legal restrictions on usage. An
   asset's condition is assessed at least once a year and considered against the remaining useful life.




104
Message from the Chair        Earnings Report                  Directors' Report                 Remuneration Report              Financial Report                 Additional Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


13.    Intangible assets
                                                               Year ended 30 June 2024                                                         Year ended 30 June 2023
                                                    Patents,                                                                       Patents,
                                                 trademarks                                       Other                         trademarks                                     Other
                                                   and other    Computer      Customer       intangible                           and other     Computer      Customer    intangible
                                        Goodwill      rights     software relationships          assets      Total     Goodwill      rights      software relationships       assets        Total
                              Note              $M      $M             $M             $M           $M         $M           $M           $M              $M         $M            $M           $M

Opening net book amount                  1,899.0        4.4         123.4          445.8         41.3     2,513.9      1,800.0          4.4          132.1       461.1         32.0     2,429.6
Additions                                        -         -          13.0              -             -      13.0             -            -           10.9           -            -        10.9
Additions through
business acquisitions          21                -         -              -             -             -          -        22.4             -              -       15.6         18.6         56.6
Amortisation expense                             -         -         (21.0)         (50.0)      (11.3)      (82.3)            -        (0.2)          (22.1)     (48.4)       (10.1)        (80.8)
Reclassifications from PP&E                      -         -           8.2              -             -       8.2             -            -            0.7           -            -          0.7
Exchange differences                        (9.4)          -          (0.6)          (1.5)            -     (11.5)        76.6          0.2             1.8       17.5          0.8         96.9
Closing net book amount                 1,889.6         4.4         123.0          394.3          30.0    2,441.3      1,899.0          4.4          123.4       445.8         41.3     2,513.9

Cost                                    2,411.4        23.7         487.5          779.6          70.4    3,772.6      2,421.3         23.8          471.4       783.4         70.7     3,770.6
Accumulated amortisation
and impairment                            (521.8)     (19.3)       (364.5)         (385.3)      (40.4) (1,331.3)        (522.3)      (19.4)          (348.0)    (337.6)       (29.4) (1,256.7)
Net book amount                         1,889.6         4.4         123.0          394.3          30.0    2,441.3      1,899.0          4.4          123.4       445.8         41.3     2,513.9




                                                                                                                                                                                               105
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


13.     Intangible assets (Continued)
13.1    Recognition and measurement
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the fair value of the consideration paid in a business combination over the fair market value of the net
assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortised but tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that it might be impaired. Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business
combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Customisation and configuration costs for cloud computing arrangements are
capitalised when the Company has control of a separate identifiable asset. All software data migration and training costs are expensed.
Intangible assets are subsequently measured at cost less amortisation and any impairment losses. Intangible assets with finite lives are
amortised on a straight line basis over their useful life. The amortisation period and method are reviewed at each reporting date.
A summary of the useful lives of intangible assets is as follows:


Category                                                              Useful life
Patents, trademarks and other rights                                  Indefinite and finite (7 - 15 years)
Computer software                                                     Finite (3 - 10 years)
Customer relationships                                                Finite (10 - 20 years)

Research and development
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred. For the year ended 30 June 2024, $31.0M (2023: $29.0M) was
recognised for research and development expenditure within other expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Costs incurred on development projects are recognised as intangible assets when it is probable that the project will, after considering its
commercial and technical feasibility, be completed and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be measured reliably.

14.     Carrying value of non-financial assets
14.1    Impairment assessment
The Group tests property, plant and equipment (note 12), right-of-use assets (note 17) and intangible assets with definite useful lives
(note 13) when there is an indicator of impairment. In testing for impairment, the recoverable amount is estimated for an individual asset
or, if it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount for the individual asset, the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit
(CGU) to which the asset belongs.
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful life are tested at least annually for any impairment. For the purpose of
impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs according to the level at which management monitors goodwill.
For assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets with an indefinite useful life or not yet available for use, an assessment is made
at each reporting period to determine whether there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses no longer exist or
have decreased. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the asset's recoverable amount
since the last impairment loss was recognised. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss
been recognised for the asset in prior periods.




106
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report      Remuneration          Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                         Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


14.     Carrying value of non-financial assets (Continued)
14.2    Allocation of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives to cash generating units
Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGUs for impairment testing purposes as follows:

                                                                                                                  2024              2023
Cash generating units                     Reportable segments                                                       $M                $M

Building Products North America           Buildings and Coated Products North America                               4.2               4.2
Buildings North America                   Buildings and Coated Products North America                            329.2              330.8
BlueScope Coated Products                 Buildings and Coated Products North America                            353.7              355.5
North Star BlueScope Steel                North Star BlueScope Steel                                            1,199.2         1,205.2
Buildings China                           Coated Products Asia                                                      3.3               3.3
Total goodwill                                                                                                  1,889.6         1,899.0

The allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the
goodwill arose. In addition to goodwill, the Group has other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives of $4.4M (2023: $4.4M)
allocated to the Buildings North America CGU which primarily relates to the Varco Pruden trade names acquired in February 2008. All of
the above CGUs were tested for impairment at the reporting date.




  14.3     Key accounting judgements and estimates
  Impairment of non-financial assets - carrying value assessment
  The recoverable amount of each CGU is determined on the basis of value-in-use (VIU), unless there is evidence to support a
  higher fair value less costs of disposal. BlueScope operates in markets which are impacted by economic cycles and short-term
  volatility. The price, cost and demand for BlueScope’s products are uncertain and the Company considers a range of recognised
  external forecasters when assessing possible future market conditions.
  The key assumptions the Group has used in its VIU calculation when determining the recoverable amount of each CGU were:


   Key
   assumptions      Basis of estimation

   Future cash      • VIU calculations use post-tax cash flows, inclusive of working capital movements which are based on financial
   flows              projections approved by the Group covering a three-year forecast period, being the basis of the Group’s
                      forecasting and planning processes, or up to five years where circumstances pertaining to a specific CGU
                      support a longer period.
                    • Cash flows beyond the forecast period are extrapolated to provide a maximum of 30 years of cash flows
                      with adjustments where necessary to reflect changes in long-term operating conditions. No terminal value
                      is calculated.




                                                                                                                                       107
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


14.       Carrying value of non-financial assets (Continued)


      Key
      assumptions      Basis of estimation

      Growth rate      • The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows for each CGU beyond the forecast period does not exceed
                         2.5% (2023: 2.5%).
                       • The growth rate represents a steady indexation rate which does not exceed the Group's expectations of the
                         long-term average growth rate for the business in which each CGU operates.

      Discount rate    • The discount rate applied to the cash flows has been assessed to reflect the time value of money and the
                         perceived risk profile of the industry in which each CGU operates.
                       • The base post-tax discount rates range from 9.0% to 9.5% (2023: 8.8% to 9.1%).
                       • Given the differing characteristics, currencies, and geographical locations of the Group's CGUs, where
                         appropriate the base discount rate is adjusted by a country risk premium (CRP) to reflect country specific
                         risks. Such adjustments do not reflect risks for which cash flow forecasts have already been adjusted. The
                         CRP is derived from a range of externally sourced foreign country risk ratings.

      Raw material     • Based on commodity price forecasts derived from a range of external commodity forecasters.
      costs

      Selling prices   • Based on management forecasts, taking into account commodity steel price forecasts derived from a range
                         of external commodity forecasters.

      Sales volumes    • Based on management forecasts, taking into account external forecasts of underlying economic activity for
                         the market sectors and geographies in which each CGU operates.

      Foreign        • Key foreign exchange rates, most prominently AUD:USD and NZD:USD, are based on forecasts derived from a
      exchange rates   range of external banks.

      Climate related • BlueScope considers climate change and other sustainability risks when determining the carrying value of
      risks             each CGU.
                       • The Group has climate change action plans, greenhouse gas (GHG) emission intensity reduction targets for
                         its steelmaking and midstream sites for scope 1 & 2 emissions, as well as environmental management, water
                         stewardship and other sustainability initiatives. The Company reports these in its annual Sustainability Report,
                         together with a Climate Action Report that was last completed in 2021 and is in the process of being updated
                         for 2024. The Sustainability and Climate Action reports will be published in September 2024. Prior reports are
                         available on the Company’s website.
                       • Forecast operating and capital expenditure associated with these initiatives is, to the extent necessary, taken
                         into account when determining the recoverable value of each CGU.
                       • BlueScope's updated climate scenario analysis and physical risk assessments conducted in FY2024 (of which
                         summaries will be included in the forthcoming Climate Action Report), have not resulted in any material
                         change to these operating and capital expenditure forecasts.
                       • Regarding climate change, and specifically GHG emission reductions, the cash flows:
                         – include estimates of the operating and capital expenditure required to achieve the Group's 2030 GHG
                           emission intensity reduction targets.
                         – include consideration of the revisions to the Safeguard Mechanism (SGM) which is effective from 1 July
                           2023. Further information on SGM estimates and assumptions is below.
                         – do not include the operating and capital expenditure that may be required to achieve the Group’s 2050
                           net zero emissions goal as it is uncertain, and is highly dependent on several enablers, including: the
                           development and diffusion of ironmaking technologies to viable, commercial scale; access to affordable,
                           firmed large-scale renewable energy; availability of competitively priced green hydrogen, with natural gas
                           enabling the transition; access to appropriate quality and sufficient quantities of economic raw materials;
                           and supportive and consistent policies across all these enablers to underpin decarbonisation investment
                           and avoid carbon leakage.
                       • Where applicable, a cost of carbon net of assistance, in jurisdictions where legislation has been enacted,
                         in particular in New Zealand, is taken into account based on a continuation of legislation as it is
                         currently enacted.




108
Message from                     Earnings Report       Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                                      Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


14.        Carrying value of non-financial assets (Continued)


     Key
     assumptions             Basis of estimation

     Safeguard               • For the ASP CGU, both the Port Kembla Steelworks (PKSW) and the Western Port Works are captured by the
     mechanism                 SGM, with PKSW at greater risk of impact given its Scope 1 emissions profile.
     (ASP CGU)               • A cost to comply with the SGM has been forecast for PKSW based on the guidance of the National
                               Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Safeguard Mechanism) Amendment (Reforms) Rules 2023. The cost
                               refers to the cost to acquire Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs) to offset any emissions above the
                               relevant Scope 1 emission intensity baseline.
                             • The key assumptions used include the PKSW and industry production Scope 1 emission intensity factors,
                               production planning volumes, forecast ACCU prices based on external analyst forecasts, and consideration of
                               PKSW as a trade exposed baseline adjusted facility and eligibility for differential concessional decline rates.
                             • The forecast does not include any amendments to pricing or other mitigating strategies to recover any
                               incremental costs from the SGM.




14.4 Recognised impairment expense / (write-back)

                                                                                              2024           2023         Discount rates in %1
                                                                                                $M             $M            2024            2023

 Buildings Products Malaysia CGU impairment                                                        -          50.0                -          13.6
 Buildings Products Malaysia - other                                                               -           0.3                -               -
 Building Products Thailand net impairment write-back                                              -          (0.6)               -               -
 Net impairment expense / (write-back) of non-current assets                                       -         49.7
1. The discount rate used is pre-tax.


In the prior period Building Products Malaysia recognised an impairment of property, plant and equipment of $50.0M as a result of
sustained weaker than expected volumes and lower margins in the project and retail segments.

14.5       Cash generating units with significant goodwill
The results of impairment testing for CGUs with significant goodwill, and consideration of changes in key assumptions, are as follows:

Buildings North America CGU
Buildings North America is tested for impairment on a VIU basis using three-year cash flow projections, followed by a long-term growth
rate of 2.5% for a further 27 years. Post-tax VIU cash flows are discounted utilising a 9.0% post-tax discount rate (2023: 8.8%).
At 30 June 2024 the recoverable amount of this CGU is 2.3 times (2023: 1.5 times) the carrying amount of $610M (2023: $544M),
including non-current assets and net working capital. This CGU is most sensitive to assumptions in relation to North American non-
residential building and construction activity. Taking into account external forecasts the Group expects non-residential building and
construction activity to decline until the end of FY2025. However, non-residential building and construction activity in North America
is uncertain. To illustrate the sensitivity of these assumptions, if they were to differ such that the expected cash flow forecasts for
Buildings North America were to decrease by approximately 57%(2023: 31%) across the forecast period, without implementation of
mitigation plans, the recoverable amount would be equal to the carrying amount.

BlueScope Coated Products CGU
BlueScope Coated Products is tested for impairment on a VIU basis using five-year cash flow projections, followed by a long-term
growth rate of 2.5% for a further 25 years. Post-tax VIU cash flows are discounted utilising post-tax discount rate of 9.0% (2023: 8.8%).




                                                                                                                                                 109
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


14.     Carrying value of non-financial assets (Continued)
At 30 June 2024 the recoverable amount of the CGU is 1.1 times (2023: 1.4 times) the carrying amount of $752M (2023: $753M),
including non-current assets and net working capital. This CGU is also most sensitive to assumptions in relation to North American
non-residential building and construction activity, as noted above for the Buildings North America CGU. To illustrate the sensitivity of
these assumptions, if they were to differ, such that the expected cash flow forecasts for BlueScope Coated Products were to decrease
by approximately 10% (2023: 30%) across the forecast period, without implementation of mitigation plans, the recoverable amount
would be equal to the carrying amount.

North Star BlueScope Steel CGU
North Star BlueScope is tested for impairment on a VIU basis using three-year cash flow projections, followed by a long-term growth rate
of 2.5% for a further 27 years. Post-tax VIU cash flows are discounted utilising post-tax discount rate of 9.5% (2023: 9.1%).
At 30 June 2024 the recoverable amount of the CGU is 1.2 times (2023: 2.1 times) the carrying amount of $3,682M (2023: $3,562M),
including non-current assets and net working capital. This CGU is most sensitive to assumptions in relation to the spread between North
American hot rolled coil and purchased scrap steel prices. Recognised external forecasters expect spreads to increase from the current
level through FY2025. To illustrate the sensitivity of these assumptions, if they were to differ, such that the expected cash flow forecasts
for North Star BlueScope Steel were to decrease by approximately 18% (2023: 52%) across the forecast period, without implementation
of mitigation plans, the recoverable amount would be equal to the carrying amount.

14.6    Sensitivity of carrying amounts
The carrying value of property, plant and equipment of the Group is sensitive to the cash forecasts of the Australian Steel Products
and New Zealand and Pacific Islands CGUs, as they are exposed to global steel macroeconomic factors. For Australian Steel Products,
its recoverable value is also sensitive to the outcomes of the SGM. The recoverable amount of these CGUs is determined taking into
account the key assumptions set out above.

Australian Steel Products (ASP) CGU
For ASP, recognised external forecasters estimate the Australian dollar relative to the US dollar to strengthen in the long-term relative
to the year ended 30 June 2024 and estimate Asian commodity steel prices to be similar, with a decrease in iron ore and coking coal
average costs relative to the year ended 30 June 2024. The Group believes that the long-term assumptions adopted are appropriate.
ASP is exposed to variable macroeconomic factors and domestic demand, and to illustrate the sensitivity of these assumptions, if they
were to differ such that the expected cash flow forecasts were to decrease by approximately 10% (2023: 19%) across the forecast
period, without implementation of mitigation plans, the recoverable amount would be equal to the carrying amount.
The SGM presents potential risk to the carrying value of ASP to the extent it results in incremental costs being borne in the form of
acquiring ACCUs to offset emissions above the relevant Scope 1 emission intensity baseline. The potential additional cost to comply
with the SGM is dependent on a range of factors including future emissions intensity, production volume, ACCU prices and the Scope
1 baseline reductions rates applied under the SGM, including consideration of PKSW as a trade exposed baseline adjusted facility.
Although assumptions and estimates have been made about these factors, the final outcome may be different. To express the sensitivity
of the ASP recoverable value to the cost of complying with the SGM, an increase in the cost to comply with the SGM by 20% in each
year of the 30-year cash flow forecast for impairment testing, without any mitigating strategies, would reduce the recoverable amount of
ASP by $46M.

New Zealand and Pacific Islands (NZPI) CGU
For NZPI, recognised external forecasters estimate the New Zealand dollar relative to the US dollar to strengthen in the long-term relative
to the year ended 30 June 2024 and estimate global commodity steel prices to be similar relative to the year ended 30 June 2024 in the
longer term. The Group believes that the long-term assumptions adopted are appropriate.
NZPI recognised partial impairment of its non-financial assets in FY2016 and FY2020 and as at 30 June 2024 has approximately $155M
(2023: $160M) available to be reversed. NZPI is exposed to variable global macroeconomic factors such as commodity steel prices and
exchange rates, together with regional New Zealand factors such as domestic demand and energy costs, which impact its cash flows.
After taking into account the variable historical earnings performance of the CGU through the economic cycle and the range of possible
long-term forecast scenarios, the Company has determined that the recoverable value is consistent with the carrying value.




110
Message from               Earnings Report             Directors' Report   Remuneration          Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                  Report                                         Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




   Capital structure and financing activities

   This section provides information about the Group's cash, borrowings, contributed equity, reserves and dividends, including the
   accounting policies and key accounting judgements and estimates relevant to understanding these areas.




15.     Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                                        $M               $M

Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                        1,085.5            1,487.3
Deposits at call                                                                                                          -              2.5
Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 1,085.5            1,489.8

Bank overdrafts                                                                                                       (2.2)             (1.1)
Balance per statement of cash flows                                                                             1,083.3            1,488.7

15.1    Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities

                                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                             Note                       $M                $M

Profit for the year                                                                                                  948.2          1,098.5
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                         3.1                    692.9            658.3
Net impairment expense / (write-back) of non-current assets                                  14.4                         -            49.7
Foreign exchange reserve and other reserves transferred to P&L                               19.1                     11.2                 -
Non-cash employee benefits expense - share-based payments                                    28.4                     21.4             23.4
Net loss / (gain) on disposal of non-current assets                                        12.1, 17.3                  8.6              9.3
Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures                                       24, 25                    (7.1)           (21.3)
Associate and joint venture dividends received                                              24, 25                    19.9             19.4

Change in operating assets and liabilities:
Decrease / (increase) in trade receivables                                                                            167.1           301.8
Decrease / (increase) in other receivables                                                                             36.7            20.3
Decrease / (increase) in other operating assets                                                                        (5.7)           39.4
Decrease / (increase) in inventories                                                                                  (69.0)          593.6
Increase / (decrease) in trade payables                                                                              (236.0)         (347.5)
Increase / (decrease) in other payables                                                                               (15.4)          (21.4)
Increase / (decrease) in borrowing costs payable                                                                        2.2            (2.0)
Increase / (decrease) in income taxes payable                                                                         (64.1)          (80.4)
Increase / (decrease) in deferred tax balances                                                                         35.3             1.0
Increase / (decrease) in other provisions and liabilities                                                            (134.4)         (164.8)
Movement in treasury shares                                                                  18.2                      16.7            (7.8)
Cash settlement of vested equity awards                                                                               (27.4)          (27.2)
Other variations                                                                                                        8.9             8.6
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                           1,410.0         2,150.9

15.2    Recognition and measurement
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject
to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the
consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                           111
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


16.        Borrowings
                                                                                                 2024                              2023
                                                                                            Current     Non-current         Current       Non-current
                                                                                               $M              $M                $M                 $M

 Secured
 Other loans                                                                                  18.9                -            11.3                     -
 Total secured borrowings                                                                     18.9                -            11.3                     -

 Unsecured
 Bank loans                                                                                   76.4            90.6             55.8             181.7
 Bank overdrafts                                                                               2.2                -              1.1                    -
 Deferred borrowing costs                                                                     (2.7)           (0.2)             (4.8)              (0.3)
 Total unsecured borrowings                                                                   75.9            90.4             52.1             181.4

 Total borrowings                                                                             94.8            90.4             63.4             181.4

16.1       Reconciliation of borrowings arising from financing activities

                                                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                                                                 $M                 $M

 Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                         243.7             769.6
 Cash flows                                                                                                                   (58.5)           (527.7)
 Non-cash changes:
   Borrowing costs capitalised                                                                                                   2.1               (0.6)
   Exchange differences                                                                                                         (4.3)               2.4
 Balance at the end of the year (excluding bank overdrafts)                                                                   183.0             243.7

16.2 Financing arrangements

 Financing
 facilities available             Description

 Australian bank loan             • Series of bilateral revolving facilities, totalling $1,310M. At 30 June 2024 the maturities are split across July
                                    2025, July 2026 and July 2027. The facility is currently undrawn.
                                  • In July 2024, subsequent to the year end, the revolving bilateral facilities were extended by 2 years and
                                    increased to $1,500M. The new maturities are split across July 2027, July 2028 and July 2029.

 Non-Australian                   • Six facilities totalling THB 2,500M ($102M), maturing December 2024 to March 2026, available for NS
 bank loans                         BlueScope Steel (Thailand) Ltd cash requirements.
                                  • Four facilities totalling MYR 266M ($85M), maturing October 2024 to June 2025, to support working capital
                                    and other short-term cash requirements for NS BlueScope Steel (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd.
                                  • Two revolving facilities totalling $57M, maturing March 2025 and June 2025, available for NS BlueScope Steel
                                    (Indonesia) cash requirements.
                                  • Two US$100M revolving facilities maturing October 2026 and October 2027 for NS BlueScope Coated
                                    Products joint venture.
                                  • One US$50M term facility maturing August 2025 for NS BlueScope Coated Products joint venture.

 Working                          • An inventory financing facility for BlueScope Steel (AIS) operates as a sale and repurchase facility whereby
 capital facility1                  the inventory is sold upon shipment and repurchased by the company at the point of consumption. The
                                    facility limit is US$55M (inclusive of GST) and matures in September 2025.

1. Excludes the off-balance sheet receivables securitisation programs, refer to note 6.3.



112
Message from                     Earnings Report                   Directors' Report                 Remuneration                      Financial Report                 Additional
the Chair                                                                                            Report                                                             Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


16.        Borrowings (Continued)
Maturity profile of committed facilities and drawn debt - June 2024



                                                                                                          457
       427                                              427




                 212
                                                                                                                    150                                              150
                                     97.7                         108
                                                                             83                                                                                                    76.6
                                                                                      13.8

                    FY25                                              FY26                                             FY27                                            FY28
   Australian bank loan¹                                                                     Non-Australian bank loans
   Working capital facility                                                                  Drawn debt - Non-Australian bank loans

1. In July 2024, the bilateral facilities were extended by 2 years and increased to $1,500M. Maturities are split across July 2027, July 2028 and July 2029.


16.3       Bank overdrafts
Bank overdraft facilities are arranged with a number of banks with the general terms and conditions agreed to on a periodic basis.

16.4 Lines of credit
Unrestricted access was available at reporting date to the following lines of credit:

                                                                                                                    2024                                               2023
                                                                                                   Total facilities                   Unused          Total facilities                Unused
                                                                                                                  $M                        $M                        $M                  $M

 Bank overdrafts                                                                                                46.2                      44.0                       46.5               45.4
 Bank loan facilities                                                                                      2,023.7                  1,856.7                     2,064.7            1,827.4
 Total facilities                                                                                          2,069.9                   1,900.7                    2,111.2            1,872.8

16.5       Contractual maturity analysis
The table below reflects all contractual repayments of principal and interest resulting from recognised financial liabilities. The amounts
disclosed represent undiscounted, contractual cash flows for the respective obligations in respect of upcoming fiscal years and
therefore do not equate to the values shown in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                                                                       < 1 year        1 - 2 years        2 - 3 years         3 - 4 years         4 - 5 years          > 5 years        Total
 30 June 2024                                          Note                  $M                  $M                 $M                  $M                     $M            $M           $M

 Payables                                                 9          1,961.9                    6.0                 6.0                 6.0                    6.0           0.4   1,986.3

 Derivative financial instruments                      32.4               18.9                      -                   -                   -                    -          11.6        30.5
 Borrowings
 -Principal                                                               97.7                  9.3                 4.5               76.7                       -             -      188.2
 -Interest                                                                  8.4                 5.4                 5.1                 2.5                      -             -        21.4
 Total contractual repayments                                           106.1                 14.7                  9.6               79.2                       -             -      209.6




                                                                                                                                                                                          113
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


16.     Borrowings (Continued)
                                                    < 1 year   1 - 2 years   2 - 3 years    3 - 4 years    4 - 5 years     > 5 years       Total
30 June 2023                             Note           $M             $M            $M             $M            $M             $M         $M

Payables                                  9        2,176.8             6.0           6.0            6.0           6.0            7.0    2,207.8

Derivative financial instruments        32.4           10.0            0.7           0.8              -              -          20.8       32.3
Borrowings
-Principal                                            68.2         172.9             8.8              -              -              -    249.9
-Interest                                               9.1           5.4            0.2              -              -              -      14.7
Total contractual repayments                          77.3         178.3             9.0              -              -              -    264.6

16.6    Borrowing costs

                                                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                                                          $M                $M

Interest and finance expenses paid/payable                                                                               14.5              26.2
Ancillary finance expenses                                                                                               16.6              15.4
Provisions: unwinding of discount                                                                                         2.0               1.1
Borrowing costs expensed                                                                                                 33.1              42.7

Interest and finance expenses
Includes interest on short-term and long-term borrowings and interest on bank overdrafts.

Ancillary finance expenses
Includes commitment fees on undrawn facilities and amortisation of deferred borrowing costs over the term of loan.

Present value unwinding
Includes the unwinding of present value discounting of non-current provisions on restoration and rehabilitation, workers compensation
and product claims.

16.7    Recognition and measurement
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any
difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of
the borrowings using the effective interest rate method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are consequently recognised in
profit or loss over the term.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12
months after the end of the reporting period.




114
Message from the Chair          Earnings Report   Directors' Report               Remuneration Report          Financial Report                    Additional Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


17.    Leases
17.1   Right-of-use assets

                                                                           Year ended 30 June 2024                                   Year ended 30 June 2023
                                                              Land & Buildings   Plant & equipment         Total     Land & Buildings       Plant & equipment                 Total
                                                                          $M                  $M            $M                       $M                   $M                   $M

Opening net book amount                                                250.8                136.1        386.9                    226.5                147.9                374.4
Additions                                                                49.2                64.5        113.7                      83.6                 30.5               114.1
Depreciation charge                                                     (67.0)              (45.6)      (112.6)                    (59.8)               (44.0)              (103.8)
Lease terminations                                                       (0.1)               (0.2)         (0.3)                    (1.1)                (0.1)                (1.2)
Asset reclassifications from PP&E                                         6.9                    -          6.9                        -                     -                    -
Exchange differences                                                     (0.7)               (0.5)         (1.2)                     1.6                  1.8                  3.4
Closing net book amount                                                239.0                154.3        393.3                    250.8                136.1                386.9

Cost                                                                   669.7                485.5       1,155.2                   651.5                477.2            1,128.7
Accumulated depreciation and impairment                               (430.7)              (331.2)      (761.9)                   (400.7)             (341.1)               (741.8)
Net book amount                                                        239.0                154.3        393.3                    250.8                136.1                386.9




                                                                                                                                                                                 115
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


17.       Leases (Continued)
17.2      Lease liabilities
Reconciliation of lease liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                                   2024           2023
                                                                                                                     $M             $M

Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                              541.7          538.4
Cash flows                                                                                                        (116.3)        (111.9)
Non-cash changes:
  Additions                                                                                                       113.7          111.0
  Lease terminations                                                                                                (1.5)          (1.3)
  Foreign exchange differences                                                                                      (1.3)           5.5
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                    536.3          541.7

Split by:
Current                                                                                                             96.0         108.9
Non-current                                                                                                       440.3          432.8
Total lease liability                                                                                             536.3          541.7

Contractual maturity analysis

                                              < 1 year   1 - 2 years    2 - 3 years   3 - 4 years   4 - 5 years     > 5 years      Total
30 June 2024                                      $M            $M             $M            $M            $M               $M       $M

Lease rentals
  Lease liability                                96.0         75.6           56.4          42.6          40.6         225.1       536.3
  Interest                                       30.8         26.0           22.1          19.1          16.3           94.6      208.9
Total lease rentals                            126.8         101.6           78.5          61.7          56.9         319.7       745.2

                                              < 1 year   1 - 2 years    2 - 3 years   3 - 4 years   4 - 5 years     > 5 years      Total
30 June 2023                                      $M            $M             $M            $M            $M               $M       $M

Lease rentals
  Lease liability                              108.9          78.0           58.6          42.2          31.0          223.0      541.7
  Interest                                      27.4          22.3           18.9          16.1          14.0           63.8      162.5
Total lease rentals                            136.3         100.3           77.5          58.3          45.0         286.8       704.2




116
Message from            Earnings Report          Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


17.     Leases (Continued)
17.3    Amounts recognised in profit or loss

                                                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                                       $M                 $M

Depreciation expense on right-of-use assets                                                                         112.6               103.8
Net (gain) on lease terminations                                                                                     (1.1)               (0.1)
Interest on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                                                            31.3                29.7
Variable lease rental expense                                                                                        39.8                38.9
Short term lease rental expense                                                                                       2.7                 3.6
Low value lease rental expense                                                                                        8.9                 8.4
Total net expenses                                                                                                  194.2               184.3

17.4    Recognition and measurement
Group as a lessee
The Group, as a lessee, is required to recognise right-of-use assets representing its right to use the underlying assets and lease liabilities
representing its obligation to make lease payments.

Definition of a lease
A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
for consideration.
A contract that conveys rights to use an asset is regarded as a lease to the extent of such rights, notwithstanding that the contract may
deal to a greater or lesser extent with other matters. Service contracts may be, in substance, wholly or partly leases.
In determining whether all or part of a contract should be recognised as a lease it may be necessary to identify the components of the
contract. The component of the contract that represents service costs are not included as part of the lease rentals.

Right-of-use assets
The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially
measured at cost, and subsequently at cost less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for certain
remeasurements of the lease liability. Cost comprises of the following:
• The amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,
• Any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received,
• Any initial direct costs; and
• Restoration costs.
The right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight line basis over the term of the lease or over the life of the asset if ownership of the
underlying asset is to be transferred at the end of the lease term. The right-of-use assets are subject to impairment and are assessed at
either individual asset level, if it generates cash flows which are largely independent from other assets, or at a cash generating unit level.




                                                                                                                                            117
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


17.          Leases (Continued)
Lease liabilities
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the following lease payments:
• Fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any incentives receivable,
• Variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate as at the commencement date; and
• The exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option.
Variable lease payments that vary because of changes in facts or circumstances occurring after the commencement date, other than
the passage of time (e.g. rentals based on usage) are excluded from lease payments recognised on balance sheet and are recognised
in profit or loss as incurred. Variable leases for the Group primarily relate to leases embedded within service agreements relating to
transport and steel mill services.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee's
incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses the lessee's incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.
The lease liability is subsequently increased by interest on the lease liability and decreased by lease payments made. It is remeasured
when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, changes in the assessment of whether a
purchase option, extension option or lease termination is reasonably certain to be exercised or when there is a lease modification.

Short-term and leases of low value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases, being a period of 12 months or less from the
commencement date, and one which does not contain a purchase option. It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition
exemption, being a distinct asset worth less than $10,000 when brand new. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low
value assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




      17.5    Key accounting judgements and estimates
      Determining lease contract terms and lease components
      The Group has applied judgement when determining the relative standalone prices of the lease and non-lease components
      contained within service agreements. The lease asset rentals have been determined using estimated asset depreciation uplifted
      for specific contract margins. Judgement has also been applied when determining the lease terms for lease contracts containing
      extension options. Lease terms have been assessed based on whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise such options.
      This assessment impacts the value of the lease liability and right-of-use asset recognised. Lease extension options are at
      the Group’s discretion of being exercised and are primarily associated with property leases within the ASP building product
      businesses. The use of extension options provides the Group flexibility when determining the future use of leasehold properties
      that meets ever changing business requirements.
      Gross lease extension options, for which the Group is not reasonably certain of exercise and has been excluded from the lease
      liability, total $565.8M (2023: $626.2M). Of this amount, $415.5M (2023: $339.6M) relates primarily to property lease extension
      options beyond 2030.




118
Message from             Earnings Report      Directors' Report      Remuneration            Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                            Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


18.     Contributed equity
18.1    Share capital and treasury shares

                                                                           2024              2023                2024               2023
Parent Entity                                                             Shares            Shares                 $M                 $M

Issued fully paid ordinary shares                                  440,074,849       455,566,042            2,389.6            2,710.5
Treasury shares                                                        (985,401)      (2,157,971)                (20.8)             (37.5)
Total contributed equity                                           439,089,448       453,408,071            2,368.8            2,673.0

18.2    Contributed equity movements

                                                                           2024              2023                2024               2023
                                                                          Shares            Shares                 $M                 $M

Issue of ordinary shares during the year
Opening balance                                                    455,566,042       470,602,388            2,710.5            2,987.7
Share buybacks                                                     (15,491,193)      (15,036,346)               (323.3)         (272.3)
Share rights settled                                                            -                 -                0.7               (6.7)
Share rights - excess tax deduction                                             -                 -                1.7                1.8
Ordinary share capital                                             440,074,849       455,566,042            2,389.6            2,710.5

Movement in treasury shares
Opening balance                                                      (2,157,971)      (1,517,531)                (37.5)             (29.7)
Shares purchased on market                                             (560,000)       (2,050,000)               (12.5)             (35.4)
Share rights settled                                                  1,732,570        1,409,560                  29.2              27.6
Treasury shares                                                        (985,401)      (2,157,971)                (20.8)             (37.5)

Total contributed equity                                           439,089,448       453,408,071            2,368.8            2,673.0

Share buy-backs
As at 30 June 2024, a total of 15,491,193 shares had been bought back at an average cost of $20.87 (including $0.3M brokerage costs)
as part of the FY2024 share buy-back program.
The Board has approved an extension of the share buy-back program to allow the remaining amount of up to $270M to be bought over
the next 12 months. The timing and value of stock purchased will be dependent on the prevailing market conditions, share price and
other factors.

Share rights - settled and excess tax deduction
The share rights settled and excess tax deduction recognised in share capital represents shares acquired on-market in excess of the
accounting expense of the settled equity schemes and estimated tax deduction in excess of accounting expense recognised for share
right awards issued to employees.

Treasury Shares
Treasury shares are shares purchased in BlueScope Steel Limited that are held by the BlueScope Employee Share Trust for the purpose
of issuing shares under employee share right awards. In September 2023 and February 2024, 300,000 and 260,000 shares were
purchased on market at an average cost of $21.47 and $23.19 which are available to be utilised for future settlement of equity share
award schemes.

18.3    Capital risk management
Management monitors its capital structure through various key financial metrics with an emphasis on net debt. The Group's net debt
is managed through the economic price cycle to ensure access to finance at reasonable cost regardless of the point in the cycle. On
occasions, the Group will take advantage of certain investment opportunities where an increased level of net debt will be tolerated,




                                                                                                                                        119
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


18.     Contributed equity (Continued)
provided there is sufficient future cash flow strength and flexibility to be confident of credit strengthening rather than uncertainty and
risk of credit weakening.
In managing equity, all methods of returning funds to shareholders outside of dividend payments or raising funds are considered within
the context of its balance sheet objectives. In managing debt, the Group seeks a diversified range of funding sources and maturity
profiles. Sufficient flexibility is maintained within committed facilities in order to provide the business with the desired liquidity support
for operations and to pursue its strategic objectives.

                                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                              Note                      $M                 $M

Total borrowings                                                                               16                    185.2             244.8
Lease liabilities                                                                             17.2                   536.3             541.7
Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                15                (1,085.5)          (1,489.8)
Net (cash) debt                                                                                                     (364.0)           (703.3)

Total equity                                                                                                     11,285.5           11,030.7
Total capital                                                                                                    10,921.5           10,327.4
Gearing ratio                                                                                                        0.0%               0.0%

18.4    Recognition and measurement
Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares are classified as equity and have no par value. Ordinary shares carry one vote per share, the right to participate in
dividends and entitle the holder to the proceeds on winding up of the Group in proportion to the number of shares held.
The consideration paid for share buy-backs are deducted from equity, including directly attributable incremental costs (net of income
taxes). No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

19.     Reserves

                                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                                        $M                 $M

Hedging                                                                                                              (16.8)             (18.0)
Share-based payments                                                                                                  67.2               73.9
Foreign currency translation                                                                                         419.3              440.9
Non-distributable profits                                                                                             57.2               53.4
Asset realisation                                                                                                    182.1              180.5
Asset revaluation                                                                                                    (21.7)             (15.3)
Controlled entity acquisition                                                                                        (21.9)             (21.9)
Total reserves                                                                                                       665.4             693.5




120
Message from             Earnings Report      Directors' Report        Remuneration           Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


19.     Reserves (Continued)
19.1    Movements in reserves

                                                            Share         Foreign          Non-        Asset      Controlled
                                                            based        currency Distributable realisation /         entity
                                            Hedging      payments      translation       profits revaluation     acquisition          Total
30 June 2024                                      $M              $M          $M            $M           $M             $M             $M

Opening balance                                (18.0)         73.9         440.9          53.4        165.2          (21.9)          693.5
Net gain / (loss) on net investments in
foreign subsidiaries                                -              -          0.8              -            -              -           0.8
Share-based payments expense                        -         21.4               -             -            -              -          21.4
Vesting of share awards                             -        (28.1)              -             -            -              -         (28.1)
Deferred tax                                    (0.3)              -         (0.3)             -            -              -          (0.6)
Transfer to inventory / PP&E                     1.5               -             -             -            -              -           1.5
Transfer to profit or loss                          -              -        12.0               -        (0.8)              -          11.2
Transfers from retained profits                     -              -             -          3.8             -              -           3.8
Asset acquisition / disposal                        -              -             -             -         2.4               -           2.4
Investment revaluation                              -              -             -             -        (6.4)              -          (6.4)
Exchange differences                                -              -       (34.1)              -            -              -         (34.1)
Closing balance                                (16.8)         67.2         419.3          57.2        160.4          (21.9)          665.4

                                                            Share         Foreign          Non-        Asset      Controlled
                                                            based        currency Distributable realisation /         entity
                                            Hedging      payments      translation       profits revaluation     acquisition          Total
30 June 2023                                      $M              $M          $M            $M           $M             $M             $M

Opening balance                                 23.4          71.0         226.8           48.8       168.8           (21.9)         516.9
Net gain / (loss) on cash flow hedges          (57.5)              -             -             -            -              -         (57.5)
Net gain / (loss) on net investments in
foreign subsidiaries                                -              -          7.1              -            -              -           7.1
Share-based payments expense                        -         23.4               -             -            -              -          23.4
Vesting of share awards                             -        (20.5)              -             -            -              -         (20.5)
Deferred tax                                    17.0               -         (2.0)             -            -              -          15.0
Transfer to inventory / PP&E                    (0.9)              -             -             -            -              -          (0.9)
Transfers from retained profits                     -              -             -          4.6             -              -           4.6
Investment revaluation                              -              -             -             -        (3.6)              -          (3.6)
Exchange differences                                -              -       209.0               -            -              -         209.0
Closing balance                                (18.0)         73.9         440.9          53.4        165.2          (21.9)          693.5

19.2    Nature and purpose of reserves
Hedging reserve
Records the portion of the gain or loss on a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that is determined to be an effective
hedge relationship.

Share-based payments reserve
Recognises the value of equity-settled share-based payments provided to employees, including Key Management Personnel, as part of
their remuneration.




                                                                                                                                         121
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


19.     Reserves (Continued)
Foreign currency translation reserve
Records exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries. It is also used to record
the effect of the translation of the net investments in foreign operations. The cumulative amount is reclassified to the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income when the foreign subsidiary is disposed of. In the current year, $11.8M and $0.2M of foreign
exchange losses were transferred to profit or loss upon liquidation of BlueScope Steel International Ltd and the sale of NS BlueScope
Lysaght (B) Sdn Bhd respectively.

Non-distributable profit reserve
In certain overseas operations local regulations require a set amount of retained profit to be set aside and not be distributed as
a dividend.

Asset realisation reserve
Arises from the disposal of 50% interest in BlueScope's ASEAN and west coast North American Building Product businesses to Nippon
Steel Corporation in March 2013. During the year, $2.4M was adjusted against the reserve due to the closure of a historical tax legal
matter in BlueScope Indonesia that resulted in the receipt of $2.4M. This was offset by a $0.8M gain on sale of NS BlueScope Lysaght
(B) Sdn Bhd.

Asset revaluation reserve
Arises from the investment held by New Zealand Steel Ltd in Steel & Tube Holdings Ltd. Designated changes in fair value are recognised
in the asset revaluation reserve (refer to note 22).

Controlled entity acquisition reserve
Arises from the Group's acquisition of the remaining 40% non-controlling interest in BlueScope Steel (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and 5% of
Lysaght Thailand Ltd and BlueScope Steel Thailand Ltd, adjusted for the subsequent 50% disposal of their additional interests into
BlueScope and Nippon Steel Corporation joint venture established in March 2013. This item represents the difference between the
amount paid and the balance of the non-controlling interest acquired.

20. Dividends
20.1    Ordinary shares

                                                                                               Parent entity
                                                                                                                  Cents              Amount
                                                                           Date paid          Franked          per share                $M

Declared and paid during the period
For the year ended 30 June 2024:
FY24 interim ordinary dividend (fully franked)                       26 March 2024      100% franked                25.0              111.4
FY23 final ordinary dividend (fully franked)                        17 October 2023     100% franked                25.0              113.5
Total dividends paid                                                                                                50.0              224.9

For the year ended 30 June 2023:
FY23 interim ordinary dividend (fully franked)                       27 March 2023      100% franked                25.0              115.9
FY22 final ordinary dividend (unfranked)                           12 October 2022         0% franked               25.0              117.2
Total dividends paid                                                                                                50.0              233.1

20.2 Dividends not recognised at year-end
For the year ended 30 June 2024, the Directors have approved the payment of a fully franked dividend of 30 cents per fully paid
ordinary share. The proposed dividend expected to be paid, but not recognised as a liability at year end, is $132M.
The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) is not active for the FY24 final dividend.




122
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report           Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                             Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


20. Dividends (Continued)
20.3 Dividend franking account

                                                                                                                       Parent entity
                                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                                        $M                 $M

Actual franking account balance as at the reporting date                                                            143.5                112.8
Adjustments to franking account balance                                                                                (5.1)              65.9
Franking credits available for future years based on a tax rate of 30%                                              138.4                178.7

The franking credits available represent the balance of the franking account as at the reporting date, adjusted for:
• franking credits / debits that will arise from the payment / receipt of the amount of the provision for income tax;
• franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the reporting date; and
• franking credits that will arise from the receipt of dividends recognised as receivables at the reporting date.

20.4 Recognition and measurement
A provision for dividends is not recognised as a liability unless the dividends are declared, determined or publicly recommended on or
before the reporting date.




                                                                                                                                            123
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




  Group structure
  This section provides information about the Group’s structure including equity accounted investments, its controlled entities and
  when applicable, any business acquisitions or disposals. It includes the accounting policies and key judgements and estimates
  relevant to understanding these areas.




21.     Business combinations
In July 2023, $14.5M (US$ 9.8M) was received for the final adjustment to the purchase price as part of the Coatings business
acquisition from Cornerstone Buildings Brands in June 2022.
The prior period included a total of $153.4M cash paid for the purchase of US ferrous scrap metal recycling businesses and $12.6M (US
$8.7M) of additional acquisition costs paid for the Coatings business acquisition.

22. Other investments - fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI)

                                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                                                   $M                  $M

Gross investment                                                                                                 42.1             42.2
Fair value revaluation                                                                                          (21.4)           (15.2)
Total other investments                                                                                          20.7             27.0

Other investments represents New Zealand Steel Limited's (NZS) 15.8% interest in Steel & Tube Holdings Limited (Steel & Tube), a
company listed on the NZ stock exchange and a customer of NZS. NZS neither has control (requiring consolidation) nor joint control
nor significant influence (requiring equity accounting) over this investment. This investment is recorded at fair value with changes
recognised to an equity reserve.

23. Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
23.1    Subsidiaries

                                                                                    Country or region   Equity holding   Equity holding
Name of entity                                                          Note
                                                                                     of incorporation    2024 (in %)      2023 (in %)
A.C.N. 676 749 456 Pty Ltd                                               e.         Australia                100                -
Amari Wolff Steel Pty Ltd                                                a.         Australia                100              100
Australian Iron & Steel Pty Ltd                                                     Australia                100              100
BlueScope APT Holdings Pty Ltd                                           a.         Australia                100              100
BlueScope Building and Construction Limited                              a.         Australia                100              100
BlueScope Distribution Pty Ltd                                           a.         Australia                100              100
BlueScope Pacific Steel (Fiji) Pty Limited                               a.         Australia                100              100
BlueScope Pty Ltd                                                                   Australia                100              100
BlueScope Steel (AIS) Pty Ltd                                                       Australia                100              100
BlueScope Steel (Finance) Limited                                                   Australia                100              100
BlueScope Steel Americas Holdings Pty Ltd                                           Australia                100              100
BlueScope Steel Asia Holdings Pty Ltd                                               Australia                100              100
BlueScope Steel Employee Share Plan Pty Ltd                                         Australia                100              100
BlueScope Water Australia Pty Ltd                                        a.         Australia                100              100
BlueScopeX Pty Ltd                                                                  Australia                100              100
Fielders Manufacturing Pty Ltd                                           a.         Australia                100              100
Glenbrook Holdings Pty Ltd                                                          Australia                100              100
John Lysaght (Australia) Pty Ltd                                                    Australia                100              100
Laser Dynamics Australia Pty Ltd                                         a.         Australia                100              100
Lysaght Building Solutions Pty Ltd                                       a.         Australia                100              100
Metalcorp Steel Pty Limited                                              a.         Australia                100              100



124
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report   Remuneration             Financial Report           Additional
the Chair                                                          Report                                              Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


23. Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

                                                                                  Country or region   Equity holding       Equity holding
Name of entity                                                      Note
                                                                                   of incorporation    2024 (in %)          2023 (in %)
New Zealand Steel (Aust) Pty Limited                                  a.          Australia                100                  100
Orrcon Distribution Pty Ltd                                           a.          Australia                100                  100
Orrcon Manufacturing Pty Ltd                                          a.          Australia                100                  100
Permalite Aluminium Building Solutions Pty Ltd                        a.          Australia                100                  100
The Roofing Centre (Tasmania) Pty Ltd                                 a.          Australia                100                  100
NS BlueScope Lysaght (B) Sdn Bhd                                      h.          Brunei                     -                   30
BlueScope Bliss Buildings (Shanghai) Co Ltd                                       China                    100                  100
BlueScope Building Systems (Xi'an) Co Ltd                                         China                    100                  100
BlueScope Lysaght (Shanghai) Limited                                              China                    100                  100
BlueScope Steel (Suzhou) Co. Ltd                                                  China                    100                  100
BlueScope Steel Investment Management (Shanghai) Co Ltd                           China                    100                  100
Butler (Shanghai) Inc                                                             China                    100                  100
Butler (Tianjin) Inc                                                              China                    100                  100
BlueScope Lysaght (Fiji) Pte Limited                                              Fiji                      68                   68
BlueScope Steel North Asia Ltd                                                    Hong Kong                100                  100
BlueScope Steel India (Private) Ltd                                               India                    100                  100
PT BlueScope Buildings Indonesia                                      g.          Indonesia                100                  100
PT BlueScope Distribution Indonesia                                               Indonesia                100                  100
PT NS BlueScope Indonesia                                             b.          Indonesia                 50                   50
PT NS BlueScope Lysaght Indonesia                                     b.          Indonesia                 50                   50
PT NS BlueScope Service Center Indonesia                              b.          Indonesia                 50                   50
BlueScope Buildings (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd                                            Malaysia                 100                  100
NS BlueScope Malaysia Sdn Bhd                                         b.          Malaysia                  50                   50
NS BlueScope Asia Sdn Bhd                                             b.          Malaysia                  50                   50
NS BlueScope Lysaght Malaysia Sdn Bhd                                 b.          Malaysia                  30                   30
NS BlueScope Lysaght Sabah Sdn Bhd                                    b.          Malaysia                  25                   25
Global BMC (Mauritius) Holdings Limited                                           Mauritius                100                  100
Butler de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.                                               Mexico                   100                  100
NS BlueScope Lysaght Myanmar Limited                                  b.          Myanmar                   50                   50
BlueScope Acier Nouvelle Caledonie SA                                 c.          New Caledonia             65                   65
BlueScope Steel Finance NZ Limited                                                New Zealand              100                  100
BlueScope Steel Trading NZ Limited                                                New Zealand              100                  100
New Zealand Steel Development Limited                                             New Zealand              100                  100
New Zealand Steel Holdings Ltd                                                    New Zealand              100                  100
New Zealand Steel Limited                                                         New Zealand              100                  100
Pacific Steel (NZ) Limited                                                        New Zealand              100                  100
SteelServ Limited                                                                 New Zealand              100                  100
Steltech Structural Ltd                                                           New Zealand              100                  100
Tasman Steel Holdings Ltd                                                         New Zealand              100                  100
Toward Industries Ltd                                                             New Zealand              100                  100
Waikato North Head Mining Limited                                                 New Zealand              100                  100
BlueScope Steel International Holdings SA                                         Panama                   100                  100
BlueScope Steel Philippines Inc                                                   Philippines              100                  100
BlueScope Buildings (Singapore) Pte Ltd                                           Singapore                100                  100
NS BlueScope Holdings Thailand Pte Ltd                                b.          Singapore                 50                   50
NS BlueScope Lysaght Singapore Pte Ltd                                b.          Singapore                 50                   50
NS BlueScope Pte Ltd                                                  b.          Singapore                 50                   50
Steelcap Insurance Pte Ltd                                                        Singapore                100                  100
BlueScope Steel Southern Africa (Pty) Ltd                                         South Africa             100                  100
BlueScope Lysaght Taiwan Limited                                      g.          Taiwan                    80                   80
BlueScope Buildings (Thailand) Ltd                                                Thailand                  80                   80
NS BlueScope (Thailand) Limited                                       b.          Thailand                  40                   40
NS BlueScope Lysaght (Thailand) Limited                               b.          Thailand                  40                   40
Steel Holdings Company Limited                                        b.          Thailand                  40                   40
BlueScope Steel International Ltd                                     f.          UK                         -                  100
ASC Profiles LLC                                                      b.          USA                       50                   50
BIEC International Inc                                                            USA                      100                  100
BlueScope Blazer LLC                                                              USA                      100                  100


                                                                                                                                        125
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


23. Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

                                                                                      Country or region   Equity holding   Equity holding
Name of entity                                                            Note
                                                                                       of incorporation    2024 (in %)      2023 (in %)
BlueScope Buildings North America Inc                                                 USA                      100              100
BlueScope Buildings North America Engineering (Michigan) LLC                          USA                      100              100
BlueScope Coated Products LLC                                                         USA                      100              100
BlueScope Construction Inc                                                            USA                      100              100
BlueScope Finance (Americas) LLC                                                      USA                      100              100
BlueScope Properties Development LLC                                                  USA                      100              100
BlueScope Properties Group LLC                                                        USA                      100              100
BlueScope Properties Holdings LLC                                                     USA                      100              100
BlueScope Steel Americas LLC                                                          USA                      100              100
BlueScope Steel Holdings (USA) Partnership                                            USA                      100              100
BlueScope Steel Investments 2 LLC                                                     USA                      100              100
BlueScope Steel Investments 3 LLC                                                     USA                      100              100
BlueScope Steel Investments Inc                                                       USA                      100              100
BlueScope Steel North America Corporation                                             USA                      100              100
BPG Apopka Properties 1 LLC                                                 f.        USA                        -              100
BPG Arizona 1 LLC                                                                     USA                      100              100
BPG AB Olathe 1 LLC                                                                   USA                      100              100
BPG Dove Valley 1 LLC                                                       f.        USA                        -              100
BPG Dove Valley 2 LLC                                                                 USA                      100              100
BPG Mid Florida South 1 LLC                                                           USA                      100              100
BPG Olathe 1 LLC                                                                      USA                      100              100
BPG Riverside 1 LLC                                                        e.         USA                      100                -
BPG Tradeport East 1 LLC                                                              USA                      100              100
BlueScope Recycling and Materials LLC                                                 USA                      100              100
BlueScope Recycling and Materials Transport LLC                                       USA                      100              100
Butler Holdings Inc                                                                   USA                      100              100
Butler Pacific Inc                                                                    USA                      100              100
Fulton County Properties LLC                                                          USA                      100              100
IPI Waterloo LLC                                                                      USA                      100              100
North Star BlueScope Steel LLC                                                        USA                      100              100
NS BlueScope Holdings USA LLC                                              b.         USA                       50               50
Steelscape LLC                                                             b.         USA                       50               50
Steelscape Washington LLC                                                  b.         USA                       50               50
Tri-Star Investment Company LLC                                                       USA                      100              100
VSMA Inc                                                                              USA                      100              100
BlueScope Lysaght (Vanuatu) Ltd                                           c. d.       Vanuatu                   39               39
BlueScope Buildings Vietnam Limited                                                   Vietnam                  100              100
NS BlueScope Lysaght Vietnam Limited                                       b.         Vietnam                   50               50
NS BlueScope Vietnam Limited                                               b.         Vietnam                   50               50

All subsidiaries incorporated in Australia are members of the BlueScope Steel Limited tax consolidated group (refer to note 30.4). The
references in the table above refer to the following:
a. These subsidiaries have been granted relief from the necessity to prepare financial reports in accordance with ASIC Corporations
   (wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (refer to note 31).
b. These entities are part of the joint venture established between BlueScope and Nippon Steel Corporation in March 2013 and
   have been classified as controlled entities because of the Group's unilateral right to appoint the CEO (and other Key Management
   Personnel), approval of the operating budget and retaining significant decision-making authority.
c. These controlled entities are audited by firms other than Ernst & Young and affiliates.
d. The Group's ownership of the ordinary share capital in this entity represents a beneficial interest of 39% represented by its 65%
   ownership in BlueScope Acier Nouvelle Caledonie SA, which in turn has 60% ownership of the entity.
e. New entities incorporated/acquired during the year.
f. Entities liquidated during the year.
g. Entities in process of liquidation.
h. Entity sold during the year.



126
Message from              Earnings Report       Directors' Report     Remuneration           Financial Report          Additional
the Chair                                                             Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


23. Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
23.2 Non-controlling interests (NCI)
Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of financial position. Financial information of
subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests, as determined by reference to the net assets of the Group, are provided
below. The equity interest stated is that held by non-controlling interests.


                                                                         Country               NCI equity holding      NCI equity holding
                                                                         of incorporation        2024 (in %)             2023 (in %)
NS BlueScope (Thailand) Ltd                                              Thailand                     60                      60
Steelscape LLC                                                           USA                          50                      50



                                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                                                     $M                $M

Accumulated balances of material non-controlling interest:
NS BlueScope (Thailand) Ltd                                                                                     208.4                194.6
Steelscape LLC                                                                                                  184.3                168.0

Profit / (loss) allocated to material non-controlling interest:
NS BlueScope (Thailand) Ltd                                                                                         42.0              20.1
Steelscape LLC                                                                                                      51.1              13.7

The summarised financial information of these subsidiaries is provided below. This information is based on amounts before
intercompany eliminations.

                                                                    NS BlueScope (Thailand) Ltd                 Steelscape LLC
                                                                            2024             2023               2024                 2023
                                                                               $M               $M                   $M                $M

Summarised statement of financial position
Current assets                                                             188.3             210.7              360.6                368.9
Non-current assets                                                         256.7             279.9              166.3                170.7
Total assets                                                               445.0             490.6              526.9                539.6

Current liabilities                                                          82.4            138.0              104.0                145.3
Non-current liabilities                                                      15.3             28.2                  54.3              58.3
Total liabilities                                                            97.7            166.2              158.3                203.6

Net assets                                                                 347.3             324.4              368.6                336.0

Attributable to:
Owners of BlueScope Steel Limited                                          138.9             129.7              184.3                168.0
Non-controlling interests                                                  208.4             194.7              184.3                168.0




                                                                                                                                        127
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


23. Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
                                                                      NS BlueScope (Thailand) Ltd                Steelscape LLC
                                                                              2024               2023             2024                 2023
                                                                                $M                 $M                $M                   $M

Summarised statement of comprehensive income
Revenue                                                                      527.0              567.9          1,061.7                 961.8
Expenses                                                                    (448.3)             (528.8)         (959.5)               (934.3)
Profit before tax                                                             78.7                39.1            102.2                 27.5

Income tax (expense)                                                           (8.6)              (5.5)                    -                    -

Profit after tax                                                               70.1               33.6            102.2                 27.5

Attributable to non-controlling interests                                      42.0               20.1             51.1                 13.7
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest                                    19.9                20.1             33.8                 97.3

Summarised statement of cash flows
Cash inflow / (outflow) from operating activities                             81.9              120.7              89.3                139.2
Cash (outflow) from investing activities                                     (10.4)               (6.4)           (13.5)               (13.2)
Cash (outflow) from financing activities                                     (58.2)             (102.1)           (77.7)              (182.1)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                        13.3                12.2              (1.9)              (56.1)

24. Investment in associates

                                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                                      $M                   $M

Investment in associates                                                                                              0.6                  0.4



                                                                                                          Equity holding       Equity holding
Name of entity                                                       Country of incorporation              2024 (in %)          2023 (in %)
Saudi Building Systems Manufacturing Company Ltd                     Saudi Arabia                               30                   30
NS BlueScope Lysaght (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd                               Malaysia                                   25                   25
Tri Star Metal Alliance LLC                                          USA                                        33                   33

24.1    Movements in carrying amounts

                                                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                                                                     $M                   $M

Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                         0.4                  1.3
Share of profits after income tax                                                                                    1.6                  0.8
Dividends received/receivable                                                                                       (1.4)                (1.4)
Reserve movements                                                                                                          -             (0.2)
Exchange differences                                                                                                       -             (0.1)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                               0.6                  0.4

24.2 Contingent assets and liabilities relating to associates
There were no contingent assets and liabilities relating to investments in associates.



128
Message from            Earnings Report        Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


24. Investment in associates (Continued)
24.3 Recognition and measurement
Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control, generally accompanying a
shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial
statements using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.
The Group's share of its associates' post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised in profit or loss, and its share of post-acquisition
movements in reserves is recognised in other comprehensive income. The cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted against
the carrying amount of the investment. Dividends receivable from associates in the consolidated financial statements reduce the
carrying amount of the investment.
When the Group's share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other unsecured
long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of
the associate.
Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the
associates. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
Accounting policies of associates have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

25. Investment in joint ventures

                                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                                                     $M                $M

Interest in joint ventures                                                                                        125.7              141.0

The Group has a 50% interest in Tata BlueScope Steel Private Ltd (TBSL), an Indian resident company, the principal activity of which is
to manufacture metallic coated and painted steel products.

25.1    Movements in carrying amounts

                                                                                                             Tata BlueScope Steel
                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                                    $M                 $M

Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                      141.0              138.9
Share of profit after income tax                                                                                    5.5               20.5
Dividends received/receivable                                                                                     (18.5)             (18.0)
Reserve movements                                                                                                   0.3                0.4
Exchange differences                                                                                               (2.6)              (0.8)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                            125.7              141.0




                                                                                                                                        129
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


25. Investment in joint ventures (Continued)
25.2 Summarised financial information

                                                                                                            Tata BlueScope Steel
                                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                                                  $M                $M

Summarised statement of financial position
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        33.3              51.8
Financial investments                                                                                            56.9              41.4
Other current assets                                                                                           173.7             165.0
Non-current assets                                                                                             250.6             269.5
Total assets                                                                                                   514.5             527.7

Current borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                          5.5              16.6
Other current liabilities                                                                                      106.4               76.9
Non-current borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                   139.2             134.5
Other non-current liabilities                                                                                    12.1              17.7
Total liabilities                                                                                              263.2             245.7

Net assets                                                                                                     251.3             282.0

Proportion of the Group's ownership (%)                                                                          50.0              50.0
Carrying amount of the investment                                                                              125.7             141.0

Summarised statement of comprehensive income
Revenues                                                                                                       790.6             623.8
Expenses                                                                                                      (749.0)           (562.6)
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                           (18.8)            (11.5)
Net finance income (expense)                                                                                     (7.8)              4.7
Profit before income tax                                                                                         15.0              54.4

Income tax (expense)                                                                                             (4.0)            (13.4)
Profit after income tax                                                                                          11.0              41.0

Group's share of profit for the year                                                                              5.5              20.5

Group's share of capital commitments                                                                              0.5               0.5

25.3 Contingent liabilities relating to joint ventures
Disputed rent
The Jharkhand Government has been in a land rental dispute with Tata Steel for several years and this matter impacts the rental costs of
TBSL as a sub-tenant of Tata Steel. BlueScope's 50% share of this contingent liability is $7.1M (2023: $6.8M).

Taxation
TBSL has direct and indirect tax computations which have been submitted but not agreed by the relevant authorities. TBSL has provided
for the amount of tax it expects to pay taking into account professional advice it has received. The matters currently in dispute could
result in amendments to the original computations. BlueScope’s 50% share of the potential amendments is $5.0M (2023: $5.3M).




130
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration             Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


25. Investment in joint ventures (Continued)
25.4 Secured liabilities and assets pledged as security
The Tata BlueScope Steel borrowings and lease liabilities totalling $144.7M (2023: $151.1M) are secured against property, plant
and equipment.

25.5 Recognition and measurement
Joint arrangements are classified as joint operations or joint ventures based on the rights and obligations of the parties to the joint
arrangements. A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement ('joint operators')
have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby
the parties that have joint control of the arrangement ('joint venturers') have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.
The interests in joint ventures are accounted for in the financial statements using the equity method. Under the equity method, the share
of the profits or losses of the joint venture is recognised in profit or loss, and the share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is
recognised in other comprehensive income.
Profits or losses on transactions establishing a joint venture and transactions with a joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the
Group's ownership interest until such time as they are realised by the joint venture partnership on consumption or sale. However, a loss
on the transaction is recognised immediately if the loss provides evidence of a reduction in the net realisable value of current assets, or
an impairment loss.




                                                                                                                                          131
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




   Unrecognised items

   This section provides information about items that are not recognised in the financial statements as they do not yet satisfy the
   recognition criteria but could potentially have an impact on the Group's financial position and performance.




26. Contingencies
26.1    Contingent liabilities
The Group had contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2024 in respect of:

Outstanding legal matters
There are a range of individually immaterial outstanding legal matters that were contingent on court decisions, arbitration rulings and
private negotiations to determine amounts required for settlement.

Guarantees
In Australia, BlueScope Steel Limited has provided $87.8M (2023: $89.2M) in guarantees to various state workers compensation
authorities as a prerequisite for self-insurance. An amount, net of recoveries, of $67.9M (2023: $62.7M) has been recognised as
recommended by independent actuarial advice.
Bank guarantees have been provided to customers and suppliers in respect of the performance of goods and services provided and
purchases of goods and services which are immediately callable by default. Bank guarantees outstanding as at 30 June 2024 totalled
$138.9M (2023: $144.7M).

Taxation
The Group operates in many countries across the world, each with separate taxation authorities, which results in significant complexity.
At any point in time there are tax computations which have been submitted but not agreed by those tax authorities and matters which are
under discussion between Group companies and the tax authorities. The Group provides for the amount of tax it expects to pay taking
into account those discussions and professional advice it has received. While the conclusion of such matters may result in amendments
to the original computations, the Group does not believe that such adjustments will have a material adverse effect on its financial
position, although such adjustments may be significant to any individual year's income statement.

Regulatory
The Group is subject to extensive government laws and regulation, including environmental, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, tax,
occupational health and safety, competition law and trade restrictions in each of the countries in which it operates. The Group is
also subject to risks posed by the conduct of our employees and other participants in the supply chain and to the risk of regulatory
investigations into compliance with government laws and regulations which could be lengthy and costly.

26.2 Contingent assets
There are no material contingent assets required for disclosure as at 30 June 2024 (2023: Nil).

27. Subsequent events
Refinance of bilateral loan facilities
During July 2024 BlueScope finalised the refinancing of its core bilateral loan facilities, increasing the capacity to $1,500 million, from
$1,310 million, and extending the maturity of each of the three tranches by two years.
Other than matters outlined elsewhere in the financial report, no other matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the
financial year that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations, results of operations or state of affairs of the
Group in subsequent accounting periods.




132
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024




   Other information

   This section of the notes includes information on items which require disclosure to comply with Australian Accounting Standards
   and other regulatory pronouncements but are not considered critical in understanding the financial performance or position of
   the Group.




28. Share-based payments
28.1    Share award schemes
Eligible employees of the Group have the right to participate in the Group's share plans. Shares, share rights and performance rights are
offered in these share plans and are granted by the Company to eligible employees of the Group. This note should be read in conjunction
with the Remuneration Report which forms part of the Directors’ Report and contains detailed information regarding remuneration for Key
Management Personnel.

STI share award (STI)
The Board approved the annual FY2024 STI for the CEO and executives, being a one-year equity program. No amount will be paid in
cash. Performance was assessed against a range of financial and other measures aligned with the returns delivered to shareholders from
the implementation of initiatives under the Group's strategic plan.

Long Term Alignment Rights Plan (LTAR)
The LTAR plan is a program determined annually by the Board, which awards share rights to the CEO and eligible senior management.
The share rights are designed to build share ownership and reward senior management for long-term value creation, and are part of the
Group's overall recognition and retention strategy. The share rights give the right to receive an ordinary share at a later date subject to
the satisfaction of certain performance criteria and continued employment with the Group.
The share rights available for exercise are contingent on the Group's achievement of a three-year rolling average Return on Invested
Capital (ROIC) and debt leverage, as well as individual adherence to Our Bond. Share rights that fail to meet performance vesting
conditions will lapse upon the expiry date, or sooner upon employee resignation or termination. Plans have been granted at $Nil
exercise price.

Deferred Equity / Retention Rights Award (RR)
The Board awarded deferred equity awards to senior management throughout the Group, with no performance hurdles required to be
met. The equity award gives the right to receive an ordinary share at a later date subject to continued employment with the Group.

Talent Retention Equity Rights (TRE)
The Board awarded talent retention equity rights to selected senior management. The equity award gives the right to receive an ordinary
share at a later date subject to maintaining personal performance ratings above the required level and continued employment with
the Company.

Non-Executive Director Salary Sacrifice Share Plan (NED)
The Board awarded a fee sacrifice plan to non-executive directors, designed to provide them the opportunity to acquire share rights
through sacrificing a fixed portion of their fees covering periods of 6 months intervals. The share rights are being settled by an
on-market purchase of BlueScope Steel Limited shares.




                                                                                                                                         133
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


28. Share-based payments (Continued)
28.2 Fair value of share rights granted
The fair value of the share rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                   FY2024                    FY2024                    FY2024                    FY2024                    FY2024
 Fair Value inputs                                                              STI award                 LTAR plan                TRE rights          NED Tranche 1             NED Tranche 2

 Grant date                                                                     6-Dec-23                  6-Dec-23                  6-Dec-23                   7-Dec-22                  7-Dec-22
 Vesting date                                                                    2-Sep-24                 2-Sep-26                   2-Sep-25                31-Dec-23                 30-Jun-24
 Share rights granted                                                            118,873                1,105,445                      85,000                      6,298                     5,718
 Fair value estimate at grant date ($)                                               20.93                     19.98                     20.45                     15.56                     15.36
 Cash settled rights        1
                                                                                             -               32,627                      7,000                             -                         -
 Valuation date share price ($)                                                      21.29                     21.29                     21.29                     18.31                     18.31
 Expected dividend yield (%)                                                           2.35                      2.35                      2.35                      2.75                      2.75
 Expected risk-free interest rate (%)                                                  4.52                      4.23                      4.37                      3.09                      3.07
 Expected share price volatility (%)                                                 30.00                     30.00                     30.00                     35.00                     35.00
1. The cash settled rights have been issued to eligible employees in Asia who are entitled to receive cash bonuses three years from grant date, in place of shares. The fair value of the cash rights is
   calculated as the sum of the market value of shares and dividends that would have otherwise been received.


In addition to the above, in FY2024, there were various sign-on rights awarded to selected senior management totalling 35,944
share rights.

28.3 Cash and equity settled awards outstanding

                                                                                                                                                             RR and
                                                                               STI award                 LTAR plan                TRE rights           Sign-on rights                   NED plan

 Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                       271,504                3,278,462                    219,500                   148,627                       4,476
 Granted during the year                                                        118,873                1,138,072                      92,000                    35,944                    12,016
 Exercised during the year                                                    (232,848)              (1,338,473)                     (95,000)               (113,153)                    (10,774)
 Lapsed during the year                                                         (46,951)                (152,039)                    (10,500)                       (410)                           -
 Outstanding at the end of the year                                             110,578                2,926,022                    206,000                     71,008                      5,718
 Exercisable at the end of the year                                             110,578                   683,113                               -                         -                 5,718

The average share price for the year ended 30 June 2024 was $21.29 (2023: $17.98). The weighted average remaining contractual life
of share rights outstanding at the end of the reporting period was 1 year (2023: 1 year).

28.4 Expense arising from share-based payment transactions

                                                                                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                                                                                                                       $M                        $M

 Employee share rights expense                                                                                                                                       21.4                      23.4
 Employee share awards expense                                                                                                                                         0.8                       1.3
 Total net expense arising from share-based payments                                                                                                                 22.2                      24.7

28.5 Recognition and measurement
Equity settled transactions
The fair value of equity settled awards is recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase to the share
based payments reserve within equity. The amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the share awards
or share rights granted, which includes any market performance conditions but excludes the impact of non-market performance
vesting conditions.



134
Message from            Earnings Report          Directors' Report        Remuneration             Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                 Report                                            Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


28. Share-based payments (Continued)
Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of share awards or share rights that are expected to vest.
The expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are expected
to be satisfied. At the end of each period, the entity revises its estimates of the number of share awards and share rights that are
expected to vest based on non-market vesting conditions. The Group recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any,
in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
The cumulative expense recognised for equity settled transactions at each reporting date until vesting date reflects the extent to which
the expected vesting period has expired and the number of rights that are expected to ultimately vest. This number is based on the
best available information at the reporting date. No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest due to a performance
condition not being met, except for share rights where vesting is only conditional upon a market condition. No adjustment is made for
the likelihood of market performance conditions being met as the effect of these conditions is included in the determination of fair value
at grant date.
Upon the exercise of equity settled share awards, the balance of the share-based payments reserve relating to those rights and awards
is transferred to share capital. The dilutive effect, if any, of outstanding rights is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation
of diluted earnings per share.

Cash settled transactions
The ultimate expense recognised in relation to cash-settled transactions will be equal to the actual cash paid to the employees, which
will be the fair value at settlement date. The expected cash payment is estimated at each reporting date and a liability is recognised to
the extent that the vesting period has expired and in proportion to the amount of the awards that are expected to ultimately vest.




   28.6 Key accounting judgements and estimates
   Fair value measurement of share-based payments
   The fair value of equity settled awards at grant date is independently determined by an external valuer using a Black-Scholes
   option pricing model that includes a Monte Carlo simulation analysis, which takes into account the exercise price, the term of the
   share right, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected
   dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the share right.




29. Related party transactions
29.1    Parent entities
The ultimate parent entity within the Group is BlueScope Steel Limited, which is incorporated in Australia.

29.2 Key Management Personnel compensation

                                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                                       $'000              $'000

Short-term employee benefits                                                                                       11,282.2            8,695.7
Post-employment and other long-term benefits                                                                           511.5              491.9
Share-based payments                                                                                                  5,847.2          6,363.6
Total Key Management Personnel compensation                                                                        17,640.9           15,551.2




                                                                                                                                              135
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


29. Related party transactions (Continued)
29.3 Transactions with other related parties
The following transactions occurred with related parties other than Key Management Personnel or entities related to them:

                                                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                                                     $M              $M

Sales of goods and services
  Sales of goods to associates                                                                                       2.5             2.4
Superannuation contributions
  Contribution to superannuation funds on behalf of employees                                                     145.2            139.5

29.4 Outstanding balances
The following balances are outstanding at the reporting date in relation to transactions with related parties other than Key
Management Personnel:

                                                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                                                     $M              $M

Current receivables (sales of goods and services)
  Associates                                                                                                         0.7             1.0

29.5 Terms and conditions
Sales of finished goods and purchases of raw materials from related parties are made in arm's length transactions both at normal market
prices and on normal commercial terms.
The terms and conditions of the tax funding agreement are set out in note 30.4.
Outstanding balances are unsecured and are repayable in cash.

Other director transactions with Group entities
Transactions with related parties of directors of subsidiaries within the BlueScope Steel Group total $1.5M (2023: $1.8M). These
transactions have been made on commercial arm's length terms and conditions.




136
Message from            Earnings Report      Directors' Report   Remuneration   Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                        Report                                  Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


30. Parent entity financial information
30.1     Summary financial information

                                                                                                    Parent entity
                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                                      $M                 $M
Summarised statement of comprehensive income
Revenue                                                                                        3,899.9              4,265.2
Other Income                                                                                          0.8                2.9
Impairment (expense) / write-back of non-current assets                                             (29.3)             (15.6)
Finance costs                                                                                      (178.3)           (148.6)
Other expenses                                                                                (3,541.7)             (4,155.8)
Profit / (loss) before income tax                                                                  151.4               (51.9)

Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                                      (60.1)               8.1
Profit / (loss) for the year                                                                         91.3              (43.8)

Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year                                                      1.1              (15.5)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year                                                     92.4              (59.3)

Summarised statement of financial position
Assets
Current assets                                                                                 1,769.7              2,463.3
Non-current assets                                                                             3,910.0              3,739.9
Total assets                                                                                   5,679.7              6,203.2




                                                                                                                           137
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


30. Parent entity financial information (Continued)
                                                                                                                            Parent entity
                                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                                              $M                 $M

 Liabilities
 Current liabilities                                                                                                     2,865.8            2,975.2
 Non-current liabilities                                                                                                   142.4              119.6
 Total liabilities                                                                                                        3,008.2           3,094.8

 Net assets                                                                                                              2,671.5            3,108.4

 Equity
 Contributed equity                                                                                                      2,389.6            2,710.6
 Share-based payments reserve                                                                                                42.1               33.9
 Hedge reserve                                                                                                                2.5                1.4
 Profits reserve1                                                                                                        1,891.4             2,025.0
 Retained losses                                                                                                         (1,654.1)          (1,662.5)
 Total equity                                                                                                            2,671.5            3,108.4
1. Profits reserve represents profits available for distribution to BlueScope Steel Limited shareholders as dividends.


Current liabilities largely comprise balances with other entities within the Group. These balances will not be called within the next
12 months.

30.2 Guarantees entered into by the parent entity
In Australia, the parent entity has given $87.8M (2023: $89.2M) in guarantees to various state workers compensation authorities as a
prerequisite for self-insurance and has entered into a deed of cross-guarantee with certain Australian wholly-owned subsidiaries (note
31). Additionally, the parent entity has provided financial guarantees to subsidiaries in respect of the following:

                                                                                                                            Parent entity
                                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                                               $M                 $M

 Bank overdrafts and loans of subsidiaries                                                                                1,385.2            1,385.6
 Trade finance facilities                                                                                                   225.6              226.7
 Total                                                                                                                    1,610.8            1,612.3

30.3 Capital commitments
As at 30 June 2024, the parent entity had capital commitments for property, plant and equipment of $230.1M (2023: $183.3M). These
commitments are not recognised as liabilities as the relevant assets have not yet been received.




138
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration            Financial Report        Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


30. Parent entity financial information (Continued)
30.4 Recognition and measurement
The financial information for the parent entity BlueScope Steel Limited has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated
financial statements, except as set out below.

Investment in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less accumulated impairment losses in the financial statements of BlueScope
Steel Limited.

Tax consolidation legislation
BlueScope Steel Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have entered into a tax sharing and funding agreement in
relation to their participation in the tax consolidation regime. Under the terms of this agreement, the wholly-owned entities reimburse
BlueScope Steel Limited for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by BlueScope Steel Limited for any current
tax receivable and deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses or unused tax credits that are transferred to BlueScope Steel
Limited under the tax consolidation legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts recognised in the
wholly-owned entities' financial statements.
The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice from BlueScope Steel
Limited, which is issued as soon as practicable after the end of each financial year. BlueScope Steel Limited may require payment of
interim funding amounts to assist with its obligations to pay tax instalments.
The tax sharing agreement limits the joint and several liability of the wholly-owned entities in the case of a default by BlueScope Steel
Limited. At the reporting date, the possibility of default is considered remote.
The tax consolidated group has applied the group allocation approach in determining the appropriate amount of current taxes to allocate
to members of the tax consolidated group. Intercompany receivables of $58.4M (2023: $107.0M) and intercompany payables of $84.3M
(2023: $4.4M) of BlueScope Steel Limited have been recognised as a tax consolidated adjustment.

31.     Deed of cross-guarantee
BlueScope Steel Limited and certain Australian wholly owned subsidiaries are parties to a deed of cross-guarantee (Deed) under which
each company guarantees the debts of the others. The companies in the Deed are referenced in Note 23.1, and are as follows:
• Amari Wolff Steel Pty Ltd
• BlueScope Building and Construction Ltd
• BlueScope Distribution Pty Ltd
• BlueScope Pacific Steel (Fiji) Pty Limited
• BlueScope Steel Limited
• BlueScope APT Holdings Pty Ltd
• BlueScope Water Australia Pty Ltd
• Fielders Manufacturing Pty Ltd
• Lysaght Building Solutions Pty Ltd
• Laser Dynamics Australia Pty Ltd
• Metalcorp Steel Pty Ltd
• New Zealand Steel (Aust) Pty Ltd
• Orrcon Distribution Pty Ltd
• Orrcon Manufacturing Pty Ltd
• Permalite Aluminium Building Solutions Pty Ltd
• The Roofing Centre (Tasmania) Pty Ltd
By entering into the Deed, wholly owned subsidiaries which are large proprietary companies have been relieved from their requirement
to prepare a financial report and Directors’ Report under ASIC (wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian
Securities and Investments Commission.




                                                                                                                                            139
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


31.     Deed of cross-guarantee (Continued)
31.1    Statement of comprehensive income and a summary of movements in consolidated retained losses
The above companies represent a 'closed group' for the purposes of the Class Order, and as there are no other parties to the deed of
cross-guarantee that are controlled by BlueScope Steel Limited, they also represent the 'extended closed group'.

                                                                                                                   Deed
                                                                                                              2024              2023
Statement of comprehensive income                                                                                $M               $M

Revenue                                                                                                     4,897.1          5,529.5
Other income                                                                                                     0.8              2.8
Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress                                                  56.2           (261.6)
Raw materials and consumables used                                                                        (2,903.4)         (3,399.0)
Employee benefits expense                                                                                    (730.7)          (701.5)
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                        (136.6)          (133.1)
Impairment (expense) / write-back of non-current assets                                                       (20.2)            (29.3)
Freight on external despatches                                                                               (330.9)          (365.4)
External services                                                                                            (265.5)          (273.6)
Finance costs                                                                                                (188.2)          (155.7)
Other expenses from ordinary activities                                                                      (185.0)          (177.0)
Profit / (loss) before income tax                                                                             193.6              36.1

Income tax (expense)                                                                                          (70.2)            (22.5)
Profit / (loss) for the year                                                                                  123.4              13.6
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year                                                                (6.9)            (5.4)
Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year                                                              116.5               8.2

                                                                                                                   Deed
                                                                                                              2024              2023
Summary of movements in consolidated retained losses                                                             $M               $M

Retained losses at the beginning of the year                                                               (1,590.4)        (1,604.0)
Net profit / (loss) for the year                                                                              123.4              13.6
Transfer to profits reserve                                                                                   (91.3)                   -
Retained losses at the end of the year                                                                    (1,558.3)         (1,590.4)




140
Message from                Earnings Report   Directors' Report   Remuneration   Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                         Report                                  Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


31.      Deed of cross-guarantee (Continued)
31.2    Statement of financial position

                                                                                                         Deed
                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                        $M                $M

ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               0.2             0.2
Trade and other receivables                                                                         1,428.2         2,169.7
Contract assets                                                                                         3.4             2.0
Inventories                                                                                           835.4           803.7
Deferred charges and prepayments                                                                       21.6            23.2
Total current assets                                                                                2,288.8         2,998.8

Non-current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                             2.6               -
Inventories                                                                                            26.1            26.1
Other financial assets                                                                              2,423.2         2,450.2
Property, plant and equipment                                                                       1,075.7           837.3
Right-of-use assets                                                                                   208.3           184.5
Deferred tax assets                                                                                    49.9            56.0
Intangible assets                                                                                      53.6            62.2
Deferred charges and prepayments                                                                        0.9             4.1
Total non-current assets                                                                            3,840.3         3,620.4
Total assets                                                                                        6,129.1         6,619.2

LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                              696.1           652.8
Borrowings                                                                                          2,144.8         2,172.1
Lease liabilities                                                                                      48.7            51.3
Provisions                                                                                            182.0           231.4
Contract liabilities                                                                                   18.1            16.8
Current tax liabilities                                                                                   -            65.8
Total current liabilities                                                                           3,089.7         3,190.2

Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                9.8            13.9
Lease liabilities                                                                                     204.2           177.1
Provisions                                                                                             57.8            56.9
Deferred income                                                                                         0.3             0.5
Total non-current liabilities                                                                         272.1           248.4
Total liabilities                                                                                   3,361.8         3,438.6
Net assets                                                                                          2,767.3         3,180.6

EQUITY
Contributed equity                                                                               2,389.6            2,710.6
Share-based payments reserve                                                                        42.1               33.9
Hedging reserve                                                                                      2.5                1.5
Profits reserve                                                                                  1,891.4            2,025.0
Retained losses                                                                                 (1,558.3)          (1,590.4)
Total equity                                                                                     2,767.3            3,180.6




                                                                                                                          141
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


32. Financial instruments and risk
32.1    Financial assets and liabilities

                                                                            30 June 2024                                                            30 June 2023
                                                            Debt                                   Financial                        Debt                                   Financial
                                                     instruments       Equity     Derivative    liabilities at      Total    instruments       Equity     Derivative    liabilities at      Total
                                                    at amortised instruments    instruments       amortised      carrying   at amortised instruments    instruments       amortised      carrying
                                                            cost     at FVOCI   at fair value            cost     amount            cost     at FVOCI   at fair value            cost     amount
                                             Note           $M           $M              $M              $M          $M             $M           $M              $M              $M          $M

Financial assets
Receivables                                   6        1,628.1              -               -                -   1,628.1       1,891.8              -               -                -   1,891.8
Equity investment                            22                -        20.7                -                -      20.7               -        27.0                -                -      27.0
Derivative financial instruments             32.4              -            -          17.6                  -      17.6               -            -          33.9                  -      33.9
                                                       1,628.1          20.7           17.6                  -   1,666.4       1,891.8          27.0           33.9                  -   1,952.7
Financial liabilities
Payables                                      9                -            -               -     (1,986.3) (1,986.3)                  -            -               -     (2,207.8) (2,207.8)
Borrowings                                   16                -            -               -       (185.2)      (185.2)               -            -               -       (244.8)      (244.8)
Lease liabilities                            17.2              -            -               -       (536.3)      (536.3)               -            -               -       (541.7)      (541.7)
Derivative financial instruments             32.4              -            -         (30.5)                 -     (30.5)              -            -         (32.3)                 -     (32.3)
Total net financial assets / (liabilities)             1,628.1          20.7          (12.9)      (2,707.8) (1,071.9)          1,891.8          27.0             1.6      (2,994.3) (1,073.9)




142
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report        Remuneration           Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                Report                                          Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


32. Financial instruments and risk (Continued)
32.2 Risk management
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for overseeing the management of financial risks, and approves policies for financial risk
management with the objective of supporting the delivery of financial targets while protecting future financial security.
The Group's Audit Committee regularly reviews the financial risk management framework to ensure it is appropriate when considering
any changes in market conditions. It reviews financial risk management controls and procedures and oversees how management
monitors compliance with these, and monitors the levels of exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates, and foreign
exchange rates.


Risk                 Exposure arising from                           Measurement         Management

Foreign              Foreign currency payables and receivables Sensitivity analysis Hedged with forward foreign exchange contracts
exchange risk        (primarily USD) and investments in foreign and cash            or internal net investment hedges of foreign
                     currency entities.                         flow forecasting    operations, as disclosed in note 32.3.

Interest rate risk   Floating interest rate bearing liabilities      Sensitivity analysis The profit impact from a reasonably possible
                     (2024: $176.9M, 2023: $227.9M) and                                   movement in interest rates (+/- 100 basis points)
                     investments in cash and cash equivalents                             is +/- $6.9M net of tax.
                     (2024: $1,085.5M, 2023: $1,489.8M).

Commodity            International steel prices (primarily hot       Sensitivity analysis Forward commodity contracts as disclosed in
price risk           rolled coil and slab), and commodity                                 note 32.4. The equity impact from a reasonably
                     prices including iron ore, coal, scrap, zinc,                        possible movement in brent oil prices (+/- 10 %)
                     aluminium, electricity and brent oil.                                is +/- $6.3M net of tax.

Liquidity risk       Difficulty in meeting obligations associated Rolling cash           The Group's net exposure to liquidity risk is not
                     with financial liabilities.                  flow forecasts         significant based on available funding facilities
                                                                                         and cash flow forecasts. Refer to note 16.2
                                                                                         for a summary of the Group's material financing
                                                                                         facilities. When undertaking financing facilities,
                                                                                         the Group considers a liquidity buffer which is
                                                                                         reviewed at least annually.

Credit risk          • Possibility that counterparties to the        Ageing fair value   • Establish credit approvals and
(counterparties /      Group's financial assets, including cash,     exposure              limits, including the assessment of
geographical)          receivables and derivative financial          management            counterparty creditworthiness.
                       instruments, will fail to settle their                            • Undertake monitoring procedures such as
                       obligations under their contracts.                                  periodic assessments of the financial viability
                     • Large number of customers                                           of its counterparties and reviewing terms
                       internationally dispersed with trades in                            of trade.
                       several major geographical regions.                               • Obtain letters of credit from financial
                     • Regions in which the Group has a                                    institutions to guarantee the underlying
                       significant credit exposure are Australia,                          payment from trade customers.
                       USA, China, South-East Asia and                                   • Undertake debtor insurance to cover
                       New Zealand.                                                        selective receivables for both commercial and
                     • Significant transactions with major                                 sovereign risks.
                       customers, being Kanji Group, Southern
                       Group, Liberty OneSteel and Fletcher
                       Building Group within the Australian
                       and New Zealand operations and
                       Worthington Industries Inc. within the
                       North American operations.




                                                                                                                                          143
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


32. Financial instruments and risk (Continued)
32.3 Foreign currency risk exposure and sensitivity analysis (A$/US$)

                                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                                                $M                $M

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     82.2               55.8
Trade and other receivables                                                                                   60.7               52.9
Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                              0.6               4.2
Forward commodity contracts                                                                                     8.6               5.3
Commodity option                                                                                                8.0              11.0
Financial assets                                                                                             160.1            129.2

Trade and other payables                                                                                     115.7            107.7
Borrowings                                                                                                    30.1               39.3
Forward commodity contracts                                                                                     2.4               1.5
Financial liabilities                                                                                        148.2            148.5

Net exposure                                                                                                  11.9            (19.3)

                                                                  Post-tax profit higher (lower)         Equity higher (lower)
                                                                          2024              2023             2024                2023
Judgement of reasonably possible movements:                                  $M               $M               $M                 $M

A$/US$ + 10% (2023: +10%)                                                  (0.1)              2.4             (0.1)               2.4
A$/US$ - 10% (2023: -10%)                                                  (0.1)             (3.2)            (0.1)              (3.2)

32.4 Commodity price and foreign exchange risk management
The Group uses derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk and foreign exchange risk by entering into forward contracts.
Derivatives are used only for the purposes of managing these risks and not for speculative purposes.

                                                                              2024                               2023
                                                                        Current       Non-current           Current     Non-current
                                                                             $M                $M               $M                $M

Forward foreign exchange contracts - cash flow hedges                       0.6                    -            4.2                  -
Commodity option                                                               -               8.0                -              11.0
Forward commodity contracts - cash flow hedges                              5.2               3.4               5.3                  -
Solar PPA                                                                      -               0.4              6.0               7.4
Financial assets                                                            5.8              11.8             15.5               18.4

Forward foreign exchange contracts - fair value hedges                     13.2                    -            3.0                  -
Forward commodity contracts - cash flow hedges                              2.4                    -              -               1.5
Electricity forward commodity contracts - cash flow hedges                  3.3                    -            7.0                  -
NZ electricity PPA                                                             -             11.6                 -              20.8
Financial liabilities                                                      18.9              11.6             10.0               22.3

Net exposure                                                              (13.1)               0.2              5.5              (3.9)




144
Message from            Earnings Report          Directors' Report        Remuneration             Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                                 Report                                            Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


32. Financial instruments and risk (Continued)
Forward foreign exchange contracts
The Group has entered into forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges relating to foreign currency sales and
purchases, plant and equipment purchases and hedging of net working capital exposures. For the cash flow hedges relating to future
commitments not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position the effective portion of gains and losses are recognised
directly in equity. Otherwise, they are being marked to market through profit or loss in line with the Group's risk management strategy.

Forward commodity contracts
The Group has entered into a gas supply agreement with Esso Australia (supply from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2025) and Senex
Energy (supply from 1 January 2026 to 1 January 2036) for it's Australian business, with contract prices linked to Brent Oil in US dollars.
Given exposure to a variable Brent Oil price, 95% of the remaining term has been hedged on the Esso contract and up to 70% of the
first four year's on the Senex Energy contract. Both forward contracts have been designated as cash flow hedges with the effective
portion of gains and losses recognised in equity.

Commodity option
As part of the sale agreement of New Zealand Steel Mining Limited to Taharoa Mining Investments Limited (TMIL), BlueScope is eligible
to receive future royalties of US$1.66 per dry metric tonne (DMT) when the Platts Index Quotation is equal or greater than US$65 per
DMT. The royalty period is for iron sand shipments made between years 2 and 11 from 1 May 2017. The royalty agreement ends on
10 May 2028.
The key inputs impacting the value of the derivative are the Platts index iron ore price, the historical volatility of iron ore prices, the credit
worthiness of TMIL and production risk. The royalty was valued at US$5.3M as at 30 June 2024 (2023: US$7.3M). The royalty value
is reassessed at each reporting date with any movement in the fair value of the derivative recognised in profit or loss and included in
discontinued operations. Royalties received for the year were $4.5M (2023: $6.5M).

Solar PPA
The Group entered into a solar power purchase agreement (Solar PPA) in June 2018 for a period of seven years from the commencement
of commercial production of a 133MW solar farm situated in Finley NSW. The project was completed in February 2020 and the Group’s
percentage offtake is 88MW or 66% of the total output. The Group has no involvement in financing, operating and maintaining the
solar farm.
The Solar PPA is not a physical electricity supply contract. It operates as a 'contract for differences' (CfD) whereby the parties have
agreed to a ‘strike price’. If the NSW electricity spot price is higher than the strike price then the solar farm will pay the difference to the
Company and vice versa if the spot price is lower than the strike price. The CfD is a derivative and is required to be fair valued at each
reporting date with any movements recorded in profit or loss.
The key inputs impacting the value of the derivative are the strike price, the contract period, forward NSW electricity spot prices (level 3
unobservable input), future estimates of the Group’s share of solar output and the credit worthiness of the service provider. The 30 June
2024 PPA derivative receivable was valued at $0.4M (2023: receivable $13.4M). The fair value decreased due to lower forecast future
spot electricity prices. The profit impact from a reasonably possible movement in spot electricity prices (+/- 10 %) is +/- $1.3M net
of tax.

NZ electricity PPA
In May 2023 New Zealand Steel Limited (NZS) entered into an agreement with Contact Energy Limited to provide price certainty for a
fixed amount of electricity from 1 December 2025 to 30 November 2035. No physical transfer of electricity will take place under the
agreement which is structured as a CfD, whereby the parties have agreed a ‘strike price’ for a fixed quantity of electricity for a 10-year
term. Where the spot price exceeds the strike price, Contact Energy will pay the difference to NZS and vice versa if the spot price is
lower than the strike price.
The CfD has been designated in a hedging relationship against NZS’s highly probable future electricity purchases with the CfD’s fair value
movements, that are deemed to be an effective hedge, being recognised in other comprehensive income until the forecast transactions
occur in future. Any ineffective portion of the CfD’s fair value movements is presented in profit or loss.
The key inputs impacting the value of the CfD are the strike price, the contract period, forward electricity spot prices (level 3
unobservable input) and the credit worthiness of the service provider. The 30 June 2024 the CfD payable was valued at $11.6M. The fair
value decreased primarily due to lower forecast future spot electricity prices. The profit impact from a reasonably possible movement in
spot electricity prices (+/- 10 %) is +/- $10.1M net of tax.




                                                                                                                                              145
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


32. Financial instruments and risk (Continued)
32.5 Fair values
The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Group’s financial instruments recognised in the financial statements are materially
the same.
The fair value of interest bearing financial liabilities where no market exists is based upon discounting the expected future cash flows by
the current market interest rates on liabilities with similar risk profiles that are available to the Group (level 3).

Valuation of financial instruments
For financial instruments measured and carried at fair value, the Group uses the following to categorise the method used:


Valuation method     Description
Level 1              Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2              Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (as prices) or
                     indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
Level 3              Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (i.e. unobservable inputs)

Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are primarily foreign exchange forward contracts and
commodity forward contracts and power-purchase agreements (structured as CfDs). These valuations reference forward pricing using
present value calculations. The forward price incorporates various inputs including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange
spot and forward rates, and forward rate curves of the underlying commodity. The fair value of forward commodity exchange contracts
and forward foreign exchange contracts are considered level 2 valuations (note 32.4) and the commodity royalty option is considered
level 3.

32.6 Recognition and measurement of derivatives
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their
fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is
designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group designates certain derivatives as hedges
of a particular risk associated with the cash flows of recognised assets and liabilities and highly probable forecast transactions (cash
flow hedges).
The relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, the risk management objective and the strategy for undertaking
hedge transactions, is documented at the inception of the hedge transaction. The effectiveness of the derivatives in offsetting changes
in the cash flows of hedged items is assessed and documented on an ongoing basis.

Cash flow hedges
Cumulative changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated in a cash flow hedge are recognised in other comprehensive
income, to the extent that the movements are an effective hedge, and accumulated in the hedging reserve in equity. Any cumulative
changes in the fair value of a derivative that are deemed to be ineffective are recognised immediately in profit or loss within other
income or other expenses.
Amounts accumulated in the hedging reserve are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss.
However, when a hedged forecast transaction results in the recognition of a non-financial asset (for example, inventory or fixed assets)
the gains and losses previously deferred in the hedging reserve are reclassified from equity and included in the initial measurement of
the cost of the asset. The deferred amounts are ultimately recognised in profit or loss as cost of goods sold in the case of inventory, or
as depreciation in the case of fixed assets.

Net investment in foreign operations
Net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges. Gains and losses accumulated in the foreign
currency translation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss when the foreign operation is partially disposed of or sold.

Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any derivative instrument that does not
qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately in profit or loss and are included in other income or other expenses.

Discontinuation of hedge accounting
When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
cumulative gain or loss existing in the hedging reserve at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is
ultimately recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was
reported in the hedging reserve is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.



146
Message from                Earnings Report     Directors' Report      Remuneration              Financial Report       Additional
the Chair                                                              Report                                           Information




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


33. Remuneration of auditors
During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the Group, and its related practices:

                                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                                    $'000             $'000

Fees to Ernst & Young (Australia)
  Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the Group and auditing the
  statutory financial reports of any controlled entities                                                            2,960             3,244
  Fees for other assurance services under legislation                                                                   -                 -
  Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services where there is discretion as to
  whether the service is provided by the auditor or another firm                                                        -                 -
  Fees for other services
       - Tax compliance                                                                                               76                 35
       - Advisory related                                                                                            677                901
Total fees to Ernst & Young (Australia)                                                                             3,713             4,180

Fees to other overseas member firms of Ernst & Young (Australia)
  Fees for auditing the financial report of any controlled entities                                                 3,548             3,395
  Fees for other assurance services under legislation                                                                   -                 -
  Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services where there is discretion as to
  whether the service is provided by the auditor or another firm                                                       4                  -
  Fees for other services
       - Tax compliance                                                                                               52                110
Total fees to overseas member firms of Ernst & Young (Australia)                                                    3,604             3,505
Total auditor’s remuneration                                                                                        7,317             7,685
Comprising:
  Total fees for audit services                                                                                     6,508             6,639
  Total fees for other services                                                                                      809              1,046

34. New accounting standards
34.1      New and amended accounting pronouncements adopted
All new and amended Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations mandatory from 1 July 2023, and relevant to the Group, have
been adopted. These include the following:
• AASB 17 Insurance Contracts
• AASB 2021-5 Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction
• AASB 2021-2 Disclosure of accounting policies and definition of accounting estimates
• AASB 2023-2 International Tax Reform - Pillar Two Model Rules
The adoption of the new and amended standards has not resulted in any changes to the financial results or position of the Group.




                                                                                                                                         147
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2024


34. New accounting standards (Continued)
34.2 New accounting standards, amendments and interpretations not yet adopted
There are a number of new and amending accounting standards effective for reporting periods beginning from or after 1 July 2024 with
early adoption permitted. While these remain subject to ongoing assessment, the Group has not early adopted any of the new and
amending standards and they have not been applied in preparing the financial report.
The following amending standards relevant to the Group are not expected to have a significant impact upon the Group's consolidated
financial statements:


Reference                         Description

AASB 2020-1, 2020-6, 2022-6       The requirements of AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements are amended to clarify that a
Classification of Liabilities     liability, that is neither held for trading nor part of an entity’s normal operating cycle, is classified as
as Current or Non-current         non-current if an entity has the right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting
(effective 1 July 2024)           period. Furthermore, an entity is to disclose information about covenants relating to non-current
                                  liabilities for which the right to defer settlement for at least 12 months is subject to the entity
                                  adhering to certain conditions. The Group will adopt these amendments and include disclosures in
                                  the consolidated financial statements for the year ending 30 June 2025.

AASB 18 Presentation              AASB 18 replaces AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements and sets out requirements for
and Disclosure in                 the presentation and disclosure of information in general purpose financial statements. The key
Financial Statements              changes include:
                                  • Income and expenses must be classified in the statement of profit or loss into one of five
                                    categories – investing, financing, income taxes, discontinued operations and operating.
                                  • Two new mandatory subtotals in the income statement – operating profit or loss, and profit or loss
                                    before financing and income taxes.
                                  • Strict rules for labelling, aggregation and disaggregation of items in the financial statements.
                                  • New disclosures about management-defined performance measures.
                                  The Group will adopt the standard and make the required amendments to the presentation and
                                  disclosures in the consolidated financial statements on a retrospective basis from 1 July 2027.




148
Message from           Earnings Report         Directors' Report     Remuneration           Financial Report          Additional
the Chair                                                            Report                                           Information




Consolidated entity disclosure statement



The consolidated entity disclosure statement has been prepared in accordance with s.295(3A)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001 and
includes information for each subsidiary of the BlueScope Steel Limited consolidated Group as at 30 June 2024.


                                                                                     Country or region   Equity holding   Country or region
Entity name                                                 Note    Entity type      of incorporation    (in %)           of tax residence
A.C.N. 676 749 456 Pty Ltd                                          Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Amari Wolff Steel Pty Ltd                                           Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Australian Iron & Steel Pty Ltd                                     Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope APT Holdings Pty Ltd                                      Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Building and Construction Limited                         Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Distribution Pty Ltd                                      Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Pacific Steel (Fiji) Pty Limited                          Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Pty Ltd                                                   Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Steel (AIS) Pty Ltd                                       Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Steel (Finance) Limited                              d.   Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Steel Americas Holdings Pty Ltd                      d.   Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Steel Asia Holdings Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Steel Employee Share Plan Pty Ltd                         Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Steel Limited                                        a.   Body Corporate   Australia           N/A              Australia
BlueScope Water Australia Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScopeX Pty Ltd                                                  Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Fielders Manufacturing Pty Ltd                                      Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Glenbrook Holdings Pty Ltd                                          Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
John Lysaght (Australia) Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Laser Dynamics Australia Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Lysaght Building Solutions Pty Ltd                                  Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Metalcorp Steel Pty Limited                                         Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
New Zealand Steel (Aust) Pty Limited                                Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Orrcon Distribution Pty Ltd                                         Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Orrcon Manufacturing Pty Ltd                                        Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
Permalite Aluminium Building Solutions Pty Ltd                      Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
The Roofing Centre (Tasmania) Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate   Australia           100              Australia
BlueScope Bliss Buildings (Shanghai) Co Ltd                         Body Corporate   China               100              China
BlueScope Building Systems (Xi'an) Co Ltd                           Body Corporate   China               100              China
BlueScope Lysaght (Shanghai) Limited                                Body Corporate   China               100              China
BlueScope Steel (Suzhou) Co. Ltd                                    Body Corporate   China               100              China
BlueScope Steel Investment Management (Shanghai) Co Ltd             Body Corporate   China               100              China
Butler (Shanghai) Inc                                               Body Corporate   China               100              China
Butler (Tianjin) Inc                                                Body Corporate   China               100              China
BlueScope Lysaght (Fiji) Pte Limited                                Body Corporate   Fiji                68               Fiji
BlueScope Steel North Asia Ltd                                      Body Corporate   Hong Kong           100              Hong Kong
BlueScope Steel India (Private) Ltd                                 Body Corporate   India               100              India
PT BlueScope Buildings Indonesia                                    Body Corporate   Indonesia           100              Indonesia
PT BlueScope Distribution Indonesia                                 Body Corporate   Indonesia           100              Indonesia
PT NS BlueScope Indonesia                                      e.   Body Corporate   Indonesia           50               Indonesia
PT NS BlueScope Lysaght Indonesia                              e.   Body Corporate   Indonesia           50               Indonesia
PT NS BlueScope Service Center Indonesia                       e.   Body Corporate   Indonesia           50               Indonesia
BlueScope Buildings (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd                              Body Corporate   Malaysia            100              Malaysia
NS BlueScope Malaysia Sdn Bhd                                  e.   Body Corporate   Malaysia            50               Malaysia
NS BlueScope Asia Sdn Bhd                                      e.   Body Corporate   Malaysia            50               Malaysia
NS BlueScope Lysaght Malaysia Sdn Bhd                          e.   Body Corporate   Malaysia            30               Malaysia
NS BlueScope Lysaght Sabah Sdn Bhd                             e.   Body Corporate   Malaysia            25               Malaysia
Global BMC (Mauritius) Holdings Limited                             Body Corporate   Mauritius           100              Mauritius
Butler de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.                                 Body Corporate   Mexico              100              Mexico
NS BlueScope Lysaght Myanmar Limited                           e.   Body Corporate   Myanmar             50               Myanmar
BlueScope Acier Nouvelle Caledonie SA                               Body Corporate   New Caledonia       65               New Caledonia
BlueScope Steel Finance NZ Limited                                  Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
BlueScope Steel Trading NZ Limited                                  Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
New Zealand Steel Development Limited                               Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand



                                                                                                                                        149
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Consolidated entity disclosure statement




                                                                                         Country or region   Equity holding   Country or region
Entity name                                                    Note     Entity type      of incorporation    (in %)           of tax residence
New Zealand Steel Holdings Ltd                                          Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
New Zealand Steel Limited                                               Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
Pacific Steel (NZ) Limited                                              Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
SteelServ Limited                                                       Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
Steltech Structural Ltd                                                 Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
Tasman Steel Holdings Ltd                                               Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
Toward Industries Ltd                                                   Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
Waikato North Head Mining Limited                                       Body Corporate   New Zealand         100              New Zealand
BlueScope Steel International Holdings SA                               Body Corporate   Panama              100              Hong Kong
BlueScope Steel Philippines Inc                                         Body Corporate   Philippines         100              Philippines
BlueScope Buildings (Singapore) Pte Ltd                                 Body Corporate   Singapore           100              Singapore
NS BlueScope Holdings Thailand Pte Ltd                           e.     Body Corporate   Singapore           50               Singapore
NS BlueScope Lysaght Singapore Pte Ltd                           e.     Body Corporate   Singapore           50               Singapore
NS BlueScope Pte Ltd                                             e.     Body Corporate   Singapore           50               Singapore
Steelcap Insurance Pte Ltd                                              Body Corporate   Singapore           100              Singapore
BlueScope Steel Southern Africa (Pty) Ltd                               Body Corporate   South Africa        100              South Africa
BlueScope Lysaght Taiwan Limited                                        Body Corporate   Taiwan              80               Taiwan
BlueScope Buildings (Thailand) Ltd                                      Body Corporate   Thailand            80               Thailand
NS BlueScope (Thailand) Limited                                  e.     Body Corporate   Thailand            40               Thailand
NS BlueScope Lysaght (Thailand) Limited                          e.     Body Corporate   Thailand            40               Thailand
Steel Holdings Company Limited                                   e.     Body Corporate   Thailand            40               Thailand
ASC Profiles LLC                                                 e.     Body Corporate   USA                 50               USA
BIEC International Inc                                                  Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Blazer LLC                                                    Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Buildings North America Inc                                   Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Buildings North America Engineering (Michigan) LLC            Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Coated Products LLC                                           Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Construction Inc                                              Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Finance (Americas) LLC                                        Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Properties Development LLC                                    Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Properties Group LLC                                          Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Properties Holdings LLC                                       Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Steel Americas LLC                                            Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Steel Holdings (USA) Partnership                       b.     Partnership      N/A                 N/A              USA
BlueScope Steel Investments 2 LLC                                       Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Steel Investments 3 LLC                                       Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Steel Investments Inc                                         Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Steel North America Corporation                               Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BPG Arizona 1 LLC                                                       Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BPG AB Olathe 1 LLC                                                     Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BPG Dove Valley 2 LLC                                                   Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BPG Mid Florida South 1 LLC                                             Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BPG Olathe 1 LLC                                                        Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BPG Riverside 1 LLC                                                     Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BPG Tradeport East 1 LLC                                                Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Recycling and Materials LLC                                   Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
BlueScope Recycling and Materials Transport LLC                         Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
Butler Holdings Inc                                                     Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
Butler Pacific Inc                                                      Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
Fulton County Properties LLC                                            Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
IPI Waterloo LLC                                                        Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
North Star BlueScope Steel LLC                                   c.     Body Corporate   USA                 100              N/A
NS BlueScope Holdings USA LLC                                   c. e.   Body Corporate   USA                 50               N/A
Steelscape LLC                                                   e.     Body Corporate   USA                 50               USA
Steelscape Washington LLC                                        e.     Body Corporate   USA                 50               USA
Tri-Star Investment Company LLC                                         Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA
VSMA Inc                                                                Body Corporate   USA                 100              USA



150
Message from            Earnings Report         Directors' Report       Remuneration             Financial Report         Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                            Information




Consolidated entity disclosure statement




                                                                                         Country or region   Equity holding   Country or region
Entity name                                                  Note      Entity type       of incorporation    (in %)           of tax residence
BlueScope Lysaght (Vanuatu) Ltd                                        Body Corporate    Vanuatu             39               Vanuatu
BlueScope Buildings Vietnam Limited                                    Body Corporate    Vietnam             100              Vietnam
NS BlueScope Lysaght Vietnam Limited                            e.     Body Corporate    Vietnam             50               Vietnam
NS BlueScope Vietnam Limited                                    e.     Body Corporate    Vietnam             50               Vietnam

All subsidiaries incorporated in Australia are members of the BlueScope Steel Limited tax consolidated group (refer to note 30.4). None
of the entities listed above are trustees of a trust.
The references in the table above refer to the following:
a. This entity is the head company of both the BlueScope Steel Limited consolidated reporting group and the BlueScope Steel Limited
   tax consolidated group.
b. This entity is a subsidiary member of the BlueScope Steel Limited tax consolidated group on the basis that its partners are wholly-
   owned Australian subsidiaries of BlueScope Steel Limited.
c. These entities are treated as partnerships for US tax purposes. Their owners are resident in the US for tax purposes and are taxed on
   the income derived from the LLCs.
d. These entities are a partner in a partnership (BlueScope Steel Holdings (USA) Partnership).
e. These entities represent a participating entity of a joint venture that is consolidated in the Group's consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                             151
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Directors' declaration



In the Directors' opinion:
a. the financial statements and notes set out on pages 73 - 148 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
   i. complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting
      requirements, and
   ii. giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of its performance for the year
       ended on that date, and
b. there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
   payable, and
c. at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the extended closed group identified
   in note 31 will be able to meet any liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross-guarantee
   described in note 31, and
d. the financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
   Standards Board as disclosed in the 'About this report' section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
e. The consolidated entity disclosure statement set out on pages 149-151 required by section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 is
   true and correct.
The Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by section 295A of the
Corporations Act 2001.




This report has been made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




Jane McAloon, AM                                                       Mark Vassella
Chair                                                                  Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

19 August 2024




152
Message from            Earnings Report             Directors' Report            Remuneration              Financial Report   Additional
the Chair                                                                        Report                                       Information




                                                        Ernst & Young                           Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                        8 Exhibition Street                     Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                        Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia            ey.com/au
                                                        GPO Box 67 Melbourne VIC 3001




           Independent auditor’s report to the members of
           BlueScope Steel Limited

           Report on the audit of the financial report
           Opinion

           We have audited the financial report of BlueScope Steel Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
           (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
           June 2024, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
           in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, notes to the financial
           statements, including material accounting policy information, the consolidated entity disclosure
           statement and the directors’ declaration.

           In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
           Act 2001, including:

               a.   Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June
                    2024 and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

               b.   Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

           Basis for opinion

           We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
           those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
           report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
           independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
           Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
           Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
           financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
           the Code.

           We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
           for our opinion.

           Key audit matters

           Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
           our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
           our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
           a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit
           addressed the matter is provided in that context.

           We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
           financial report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
           included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
           material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
           procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
           accompanying financial report.
           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                            153
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




            Carrying value of property, plant & equipment (PPE) and intangible assets (including goodwill)

             Why significant                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter
             As required by Australian Accounting                       Our audit procedures included assessing the appropriateness
             Standards the Group annually tests goodwill                of the Group’s determination of its CGUs where impairment
             for impairment and tests other non-current                 testing was performed, taking into consideration the levels at
             assets where indicators of impairment or                   which management monitors business performance and the
             impairment reversals exist, using a                        interdependency of cash flows.
             discounted cash flow model to estimate
                                                                        In respect of the Group’s cashflow forecasts, for relevant
             recoverable value.
                                                                        CGUs, where indicators of impairment or impairment reversal
             At 30 June 2024, the Cash Generating Units                 were present or in CGUs that contained significant goodwill
             (CGUs) with significant goodwill balances                  balances as at 30 June 2024, we:
             include North Star BlueScope Steel (goodwill
                                                                         Assessed key assumptions such as forecast steel, iron ore
             balance of $1,199m), BlueScope Coated
                                                                            and coal pricing, foreign exchange rates and domestic sales
             Products (goodwill balance of $354m) and
                                                                            volumes in comparison to external independent data where
             Buildings North America (goodwill balance of
                                                                            relevant
             $329m). The CGUs with a significant
             property, plant and equipment (PPE) balance                 Assessed the Group’s results in comparison to historical
             are Australian Steel Products and North Star                   forecasts to assess forecast accuracy
             BlueScope Steel.                                            Compared future cash flows to approved budgets
             The carrying value of PPE and intangible                    Assessed the Group’s assumptions for long term growth
             assets, (including goodwill) was a key audit                   rates in comparison to economic and industry forecasts
             matter due to the significance of these
             balances, the complex judgements in the                     Assessed the adequacy of capital expenditure forecasts
             impairment assessment process such as                       Assessed discount rates through comparing the cost of
             forecast foreign exchange rates, steel, iron                   capital for the Group with comparable businesses
             ore and coal pricing, domestic sales volumes,
             climate change and other sustainability                     Assessed the Group’s assumptions related to climate
             related risks that are affected by future                      change risks, including consideration of the Safeguard
             market or economic conditions.                                 Mechanism in Australia, and capital expenditure and costs
                                                                            required to meet its committed decarbonisation plans
             The Group’s disclosures are included in Note
             14 of the financial report, which specifically              Considered the indicative EBITDA multiples against
             explain the key assumptions used and                           comparable companies as a valuation cross check
             sensitivity of changes in the key assumptions               Tested the mathematical accuracy of the discounted cash
             which could give rise to an impairment loss of                 flow model
             the PPE and intangible assets (including
             goodwill) balance, or impairment reversal on               Where considered necessary, we performed a sensitivity
             previously impaired PPE balances, in the                   analysis in respect of the assumptions noted above which were
             future.                                                    considered to have the most significant impact on carrying
                                                                        values, to ascertain the extent of changes in those assumptions
                                                                        which either individually or collectively would be required for
                                                                        the PPE and intangible assets (including goodwill) to be
                                                                        impaired, or for a previous impairment to be reversed where
                                                                        applicable. We assessed the likelihood of these changes in
                                                                        assumptions arising.
                                                                        We assessed the adequacy of the Group’s disclosures of those
                                                                        assumptions to which the outcome of the impairment test is
                                                                        most sensitive, that is, those that have the most significant
                                                                        effect on the determination of the recoverable amount of PPE
                                                                        and intangible assets (including goodwill).




            A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
            Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




154
Message from            Earnings Report             Directors' Report            Remuneration   Financial Report   Additional
the Chair                                                                        Report                            Information




           Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon

           The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
           information included in the Company’s 2024 annual report, but does not include the financial report
           and our auditor’s report thereon.

           Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
           express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
           and our related assurance opinion.

           In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
           and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
           report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

           If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
           other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

           Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report

           The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:

               a.    The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                     and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
                     2001; and;

               b.    The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                     Corporations Act 2001, and

               for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

               i.    The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                     and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

               ii.   The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of
                     misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

           In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
           continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
           going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
           operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

           Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report

           Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
           free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
           includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
           audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
           misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
           if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
           decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.


           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                 155
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




            As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
            judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

             ►      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
                    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
                    evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
                    detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
                    error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
                    override of internal control.

             ►      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
                    opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

             ►      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                    estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

             ►      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
                    events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                    concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
                    our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
                    inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
                    to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group
                    to cease to continue as a going concern.

             ►      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                    disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events
                    in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

             ►      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
                    or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                    responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
                    responsible for our audit opinion.

            We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
            the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
            identify during our audit.

            We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
            requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
            matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
            taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

            From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
            significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
            matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
            disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
            should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
            reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.



            A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
            Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




156
Message from            Earnings Report             Directors' Report            Remuneration   Financial Report   Additional
the Chair                                                                        Report                            Information




           Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
           Opinion on the Remuneration Report

           We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 43 to 70 of the directors’ report for the
           year ended 30 June 2024.

           In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of BlueScope Steel Limited for the year ended 30 June
           2024, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

           Responsibilities

           The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
           Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
           responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
           accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




           Ernst & Young




           Matthew A. Honey
           Partner
           Melbourne
           19 August 2024




           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                 157
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




          05.
Section




           Additional
           Information




158
Message from the Chair                           Earnings Report                                   Directors' Report                                Remuneration Report                               Financial Report                                 Additional Information




Extended
Financial History

 A$M unless marked; years ended 30 June                                                        FY2015              FY2016               FY2017              FY2018              FY2019              FY2020               FY2021              FY2022              FY2023               FY2024

 Income Statement Key Items
 Total Revenue1                                                                                 8,572                9,203             10,758              11,578               12,586              11,324               12,902              19,030              18,242               17,112
 EBITDA    2
                     - Reported                                                                    640               1,010               1,425               1,840                1,754                  844               2,246               4,398                2,146               1,969
                     - Underlying      3
                                                                                                   663                  963              1,484               1,645                1,761               1,099                2,212               4,337                2,266               2,026
 EBIT2               - Reported                                                                    297                  622              1,045               1,463                1,341                  310               1,759               3,849                1,487               1,276
                     - Underlying3                                                                 326                  582              1,105               1,269                1,348                  564               1,724               3,787                1,608               1,339
 NPAT                - Reported                                                                    136                  354                 716              1,569                1,016                    97              1,193               2,810                1,009                  806
                     - Underlying3                                                                 161                  307                 652                 826                  966                 353               1,166               2,701                1,099                  861

 Segment Underlying EBIT
 Australian Steel Products                                                                         150                  361                 459                 587                  535                 305                  674              1,298                   537                 377
 North Star BlueScope Steel                                                                        107                  147                 407                 431                  655                 190                  677              1,900                   443                 494
 Buildings and Coated Products North America                                                         36                   63                137                 144                    91                  77                 225                 351                  527                 431
 Coated Products Asia                                                                              103                  133                 130                 115                    97                115                  195                 166                  142                 160
 New Zealand and Pacific Islands                                                                      (7)               (40)                  61                112                    81                   (6)               130                 229                  129                   44
 Corporate & Group                                                                                  (65)                (81)                 (89)              (109)               (114)                (124)               (137)                (160)               (186)                (189)
 Inter-segment                                                                                         0                  (1)                   1                (11)                    4                    6               (41)                    4                  16                  22
 Continuing businesses underlying EBIT                                                             326                  582              1,105               1,269                1,348                  564               1,724               3,787               1,608                1,339
1. Excludes the company’s 50% share of North Star BlueScope Steel revenue until 30 October 2015. Includes revenue other than sales revenue. Includes revenue from discontinued businesses - that is, total revenue has not been restated for sale or closure of any businesses after
   that date.
2. Includes 50% share of net profit from North Star BlueScope Steel until 30 October 2015, and 100% consolidated profit thereafter.
3. Underlying results are re-stated for all periods for re-classifications of any businesses to discontinued. Businesses re-classified to discontinued - Lysaght Taiwan (2006), Packaging Products (2006), Vistawall (2007), Metl-Span (2012), Building Solutions Australia (2015), Taharoa Export
   Iron Sands (2017), Buildings Asean (2018).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               159
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024



 A$M unless marked; years ended 30 June                                                        FY2015               FY2016                  FY2017   FY2018   FY2019   FY2020    FY2021   FY2022    FY2023    FY2024

 Financial Performance Measures
 Return on invested capital1                                                                      6.4%                 9.5%                 18.5%    20.0%    19.5%     7.6%     24.8%    41.6%     14.6%     11.9%
 Return on equity2                                                                                3.8%                 6.7%                 13.5%    15.3%    14.4%     5.1%     17.2%    30.7%     10.7%      8.0%

 Capital, Earnings Per Share & Dividends
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares                              (millions)                 561                  570                  571      557      535      507       504      492       464       448
 Earnings per share (reported)                                               ¢/s                   24.3                 62.1                125.3     281.8    189.9     19.0     237.0    571.5     217.4     180.0
 Earnings per share (underlying)                                             ¢/s                   28.7                 53.8                114.2     148.3    180.7     69.6     231.6    549.3     236.7     192.3
 Dividends per share                                                         ¢/s                     6.0                  6.0                  9.0     14.0     14.0     14.0      50.0     50.0      50.0      55.0

 Cash Flow Summary
 Net cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities                                                539                  952                1,132     1,141    1,682     818      1,658    2,472     2,151     1,410
 Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities                                               (411)            (1,290)                  (408)    (380)    (388)    (570)     (757)   (1,760)    (979)     (967)
 Net cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities                                               (115)                 368                 (509)    (582)    (606)    (484)     (296)   (1,052)   (1,361)    (849)
 Net increase (decrease) in cash held                                                                 13                   30                 215      179      688     (236)      605     (339)     (189)     (406)

 Financial Position
 Total assets                                                                                    7,878                9,149                 9,575    10,931   11,696   11,560    13,149   16,611    15,935    15,678
 Total liabilities                                                                               3,138                4,163                 4,037     4,043    4,355    4,521     4,989    6,162     4,904     4,393
 Net assets                                                                                      4,739                4,985                 5,539     6,888    7,342    7,040     8,160   10,448    11,031    11,286
 Net operating assets (pre-tax)                                                                  4,888                5,750                 5,803     6,538    6,417    6,724     7,493   10,679    10,827    11,387
 Net debt / (cash)                                                                                  275                  778                  232      (64)    (693)      (79)    (798)    (367)     (703)     (364)
 Gearing (net debt / net debt plus equity)                                                        5.5%              13.5%                    4.0%       n/a      n/a      n/a       n/a      n/a       n/a       n/a
1. Return on invested capital is defined as underlying earnings before interest and tax over average monthly capital employed.
2. Return on equity is defined as underlying net profit after tax attributable to shareholders over average monthly shareholders’ equity.




160
Message from             Earnings Report           Directors' Report          Remuneration               Financial Report           Additional
the Chair                                                                     Report                                                Information




Glossary


1H                                         Six months ended 31 December in the relevant financial year
1H FY2024                                  Six months ended 31 December 2023
1H FY2025                                  Six months ended 31 December 2024
2H                                         Six months ended 30 June in the relevant financial year
2H FY2023                                  Six months ending 30 June 2023
2H FY2024                                  Six months ending 30 June 2024
6BF                                        No.6 Blast Furnace (at PKSW)
ASP                                        Australian Steel Products segment
A$, $                                      Australian dollar
BCP                                        BlueScope Coated Products
BCPNA                                      Buildings and Coated Products North America segment
BlueScope or the Group                     BlueScope Steel Limited and its subsidiaries (i.e. the consolidated group)
BNA                                        Buildings North America
BPG                                        BlueScope Properties Group
BRM                                        BlueScope Recycling and Materials
the Company                                BlueScope Steel Limited (i.e. the parent entity)
CPA                                        Coated Products Asia segment
CY2023                                     Calendar year ended 31 December 2023
CY2024                                     Calendar year ended 31 December 2024
DPS                                        Dividend per share
DRI                                        Direct Reduced Iron
EAF                                        Electric Arc Furnace
EBIT                                       Earnings before interest and tax
EBITDA                                     Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
EBS                                        Engineered building solutions, a key product offering of BNA and Building Products
EPS                                        Earnings per share
ESG                                        Environmental, social and governance matters
FY2023                                     12 months ending 30 June 2023
FY2024                                     12 months ending 30 June 2024
FY2025                                     12 months ending 30 June 2025
GHG                                        Greenhouse gas
HRC                                        Hot rolled coil steel
HSE                                        Health, safety and environment
IFRS                                       International Financial Reporting Standards
IRR                                        Internal rate of return
Leverage, or leverage ratio                Net debt over LTM underlying EBITDA
LTM                                        Last twelve months
mt                                         Million metric tonnes
Net debt, or ND                            Gross debt less cash
NOA                                        Net operating assets pre-tax
North Star                                 North Star BlueScope Steel
NPAT                                       Net profit after tax
NSC                                        Nippon Steel Corporation
NZ$                                        New Zealand dollar
NZPI                                       New Zealand & Pacific Islands segment
NZ Steel                                   New Zealand Steel
PCI                                        Pulverised Coal Injection
PKSW                                       Port Kembla Steelworks
PPA                                        Power purchase agreement
ROIC                                       Return on invested capital (or ROIC), last 12 months’ underlying EBIT over trailing 13 month average
                                           capital employed
ROU                                        Right-of-use
TBSL                                       Tata BlueScope Steel
TRIFR                                      Total recordable injury frequency rate (recordable injuries per million hours worked)
US                                         United States of America
US$                                        United States dollar




                                                                                                                                                  161
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Shareholder
Information

As at 26 July 2024

Distribution Schedule

Range                                               No of Holders                         Securities                                %
1 to 1,000                                                 55,313                        15,330,059                           3.48%
1,001 to 5,000                                              9,860                        20,235,153                           4.60%
5,001 to 10,000                                               878                         6,150,906                           1.40%
10,001 to 100,000                                             430                         9,796,582                           2.22%
100,001 and Over                                               42                       388,562,149                          88.30%
Total                                                      66,523                      440,074,849                          100.00%

Based on a closing share price of $21.53 on 26 July 2024, the number of shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of 24
shares is 4,015 and together they hold 42,899 shares.

Twenty Largest Registered Shareholders

Rank    Name                                                                                              Securities               %IC
1       HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                      173,096,919           39.33%
2       J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                       98,525,444           22.39%
3       CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                   67,986,598           15.45%
4       BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                    10,888,933            2.47%
5       BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                         8,509,533            1.93%
6       NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                        7,415,755            1.69%
7       PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                                                   4,382,475            1.00%
8       HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                3,356,018            0.76%
9       HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                        3,200,813            0.73%
10      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                        2,391,585            0.54%
11      UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                             2,205,991            0.50%
12      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                    1,249,396            0.28%
13      PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                                                   1,010,416            0.23%
14      ALLESSAV NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                          844,963            0.19%
15      BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD                                                                          676,827            0.15%
16      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                          609,585            0.14%
17      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                          565,430            0.13%
18      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                       465,195            0.11%
19      BRAZIL FARMING PTY LTD                                                                             410,000             0.09%
20      FIRST SAMUEL LTD ACN 086243567                                                                     397,375             0.09%
                                                                                            TOTAL      388,189,251           88.21%
                                                                               Balance of Register      51,885,598           11.79%
                                                                                      Grand TOTAL      440,074,849          100.00%




162
Message from            Earnings Report             Directors' Report   Remuneration          Financial Report      Additional
the Chair                                                               Report                                      Information


Substantial Shareholders
As at 26 July 2024, the Company has been notified of the following substantial shareholdings:

Name                                                                                                         Number of securities held*
BlackRock Group                                                                                                           29,571,407
State Street Corporation                                                                                                  22,678,505
The Vanguard Group Inc.                                                                                                   23,111,109
AustralianSuper Pty Ltd                                                                                                   22,051,070

*as at the date of the relevant substantial shareholder notice.

On-Market Share Buy-Back
In February 2024, the Board approved an increase of the existing on-market share buy-back program, to allow up to $400 million to be
bought over the following 12 months. Between this announcement and 30 June 2024, $130 million of shares were bought back, which
combined with $193 million bought back in the prior six months results in a total of $323 million of shares bought back during FY2024.
On 19 August 2024, the Board approved an extension of the share buy-back program to allow the remaining amount of up to $270M to
be bought over the following 12 months.

Voting Rights for Ordinary Shares
The Constitution provides for votes to be cast:
a. on a show of hands, one vote for each shareholder; and
b. on a poll, one vote for each fully paid share.

Securities purchased on-market
561,000 securities were purchased on-market under or for the purposes of an employee incentive scheme, with the average price paid
per security being $22.23.

Unquoted equity securities
There are 3,174,188 employee share/alignment rights on issue which are held by 304 holders.

Stock exchanges on which our debt securities are listed
Nil.

Shareholder Communications
Shareholders are able to update their preferences for receiving the Annual Report, Notice of Annual General Meeting and other
communications from BlueScope electronically or in hard copy by making an election. To update your preference, and for further
information, visit BlueScope website at www.bluescope.com/investors/investor-resources/investor-services




                                                                                                                                    163
BlueScope Steel Limited
Annual Report FY2024




Corporate
Directory

Directors          • J McAloon AM                                            • M R Vassella
                     Chair                                                     Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                   • E G W Crouch AM                                         • R P Dee-Bradbury
                   • J M Lambert                                             • K M Conlon
                   • K Johnson                                               • Z Zhang
                   • P Alexander                                             • A Field

Secretaries        • P S Grau                                                • D J Counsell

Management         • M R Vassella                                            • D J Counsell
Team                 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer             Chief Legal Officer
                   • D Fallu                                                 • T J Archibald
                     Chief Financial Officer                                   Chief Executive Australian Steel Products
                   • K Keast                                                 • R Davies
                     Chief Executive North America                             Chief Executive New Zealand & Pacific Islands
                   • C Zhang                                                 • J Nowlan
                     Chief Executive NS BlueScope and China                    Chief Technical & Development Officer
                   • G Stephens                                              • D Thadani
                     Chief Executive Climate Change & Sustainability           Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer
                   • P Renkin                                                • S Charmand
                     Chief People Officer                                      Chief Digital & Information Officer

Notice of Annual   The Annual General Meeting of BlueScope Steel Limited will be held at The Grand Ballroom, Novotel Northbeach
General Meeting    Hotel, 2-14 Cliff Road, North Wollongong, NSW, on Tuesday 19 November 2024 at 10.00am. Shareholders can
                   attend in person or online at https://meetings.linkgroup.com/BSL24.

Corporate          An overview of BlueScope Steel Limited’s corporate governance structures is presented in the FY2024 Corporate
Governance         Governance Statement which is available online at: www.bluescope.com/our-company.
Statement

Workplace          In accordance with the Workplace Gender Equality Act 2012, BlueScope lodges an annual compliance report with
Gender Equality    the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) regarding its Australian workforce. BlueScope's public WGEA reports
Reporting          are available at www.bluescope.com/resource-centre.

Registered         Level 24, 181 William Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000
Office             Telephone: +61 3 9666 4000
                   Fax: +61 3 9666 4111
                   Email: bluescopesteel@linkmarketservices.com.au
                   Postal Address: PO Box 18207, Collins Street East, Melbourne, Victoria 8003

Share Registrar    Link Market Services Limited
                   Parramatta Square, Level 22, Tower 6, 10 Darcy Street, Parramatta NSW 2150
                   Postal address: Locked Bag A14, Sydney South, NSW 1235
                   Telephone: 1300 855 998 (within Australia), +61 1300 855 998 (outside Australia)
                   Fax: +61 2 9287 0309
                   Email: bluescopesteel@linkmarketservices.com.au
                   Link Group is now known as MUFG Pension & Market Services. Over the coming months, Link Market Services will
                   progressively rebrand to its new name MUFG Corporate Markets, a division of MUFG Pension & Market Services.

Auditor            Ernst & Young
                   Level 23 8 Exhibition Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000

Securities         BlueScope Steel Limited shares are quoted on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).
Exchange

Website Address www.bluescope.com
164
            Read our reports at
            bluescope.com



Level 24, 181 William Street
Melbourne, Victoria 3000 Australia

bluescope.com




BlueScope Steel Limited ABN 16 000 011 058
