(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                  Stock code : 0917




            2025
            INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS
                                                  page



 CORPORATE INFORMATION                              2


 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                               4


 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 5


 OTHER INFORMATION                                 19


 INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND                   37
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

 INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                   38
 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

 INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                   40
 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

 INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                   41
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

 NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                                   42
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION


 DEFINITIONS                                       59




                                            Qunabox Group Limited   1
                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION


                                  DIRECTORS                                      NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                  Executive Directors
 Corporate
                                                                                 Ms. YIN Juehui (Chairperson)
                                                                                 Dr. CHE Lufeng
Information
                                  Ms. YIN Juehui (Chairwoman and CEO)
                                                                                 Dr. YANG Bo
                                  Mr. CAO Liwen
                                  Mr. HUANG Aihua
                                                                                 AUDITOR
                                  Non-executive Directors                        Ernst & Young
Financial
                                  Mr. DAI Jianchun                               Certified Public Accountants
Highlights                                                                       Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                  Mr. CHEN Rui
                                                                                 27/F, One Taikoo Place
                                  Independent Non-executive Directors            979 King’s Road



Management Discussion
                                                                                 Quarry Bay
                                  Dr. CHE Lufeng
                                                                                 Hong Kong
                                  Mr. ZHU Lin
                                  Dr. YANG Bo


    and Analysis
                                                                                 LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG
                                                                                 LAWS
                                  JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                                                 O’ Melveny & Myers
                                  Ms. WANG Zan
                                                                                 31/F, AIA Central
                                  Mr. WONG Chun Wing Samuel (ACG, HKACG)
                                                                                 1 Connaught Road Central
                                    (appointed on August 18, 2025)
   Other
                                                                                 Hong Kong
                                  Ms. NG Sau Mei (resigned on August 18, 2025)
Information
                                                                                 COMPLIANCE ADVISER
                                  AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                                                 Innovax Capital Limited
                                  Ms. YIN Juehui
                                                                                 Room B, 13/F
                                  Mr. WONG Chun Wing Samuel (ACG, HKACG)
  Financial                                                                      Neich Tower
                                    (appointed on August 18, 2025)
Information
                                                                                 128 Gloucester Road
                                  Ms. NG Sau Mei (resigned on August 18, 2025)
                                                                                 Wan Chai
                                                                                 Hong Kong
                                  AUDIT COMMITTEE


    Definitions
                                  Mr. ZHU Lin (Chairperson)
                                  Dr. CHE Lufeng
                                  Dr. YANG Bo


                                  REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                  Dr. YANG Bo (Chairperson)
                                  Ms. YIN Juehui
                                  Mr. ZHU Lin




                        2   2025 Interim Report
                                                CORPORATE INFORMATION



REGISTERED OFFICE                       HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
PO Box 309                              Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Ugland House                            Shops 1712-1716
Grand Cayman, KY1-1104                  17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
Cayman Islands                          183 Queen’s Road East
                                        Wan Chai
HEAD OFFICES AND PRINCIPAL              Hong Kong
PLACES OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
17/F, Wentong International Plaza
                                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
398 Guiyang Road                        China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Yangpu District                           Shanghai Hongqiao Sub-branch
Shanghai                                1/F, No. 375 Weining Road
PRC                                     Changning District
                                        Shanghai
5-205, Building 5                       PRC
No. 16 Angel Avenue
Anji County                             Bank of Shanghai Co., Ltd.
Huzhou                                    Puxi Sub-branch
Zhejiang                                Lianhe Building
PRC                                     No. 261 Sichuan Middle Road
                                        Huangpu District
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN          Shanghai
HONG KONG                               PRC

31/F., Tower Two
Times Square
                                        STOCK CODE
1 Matheson Street                       0917
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong                               COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                        www.zzss.com
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE
                                        LISTING DATE
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
                                        May 27, 2024
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands




                                                                          Qunabox Group Limited   3
                                  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                  INTERIM RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS

 Corporate
                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                 Year-on-year
Information                                                             2025             2024         change
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000                %
                                                                  (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                   Revenue                            676,189        515,117             31.3
Financial                            – Marketing services             568,020        411,759             37.9
Highlights                           – Merchandise sales               83,219          78,449             6.1
                                     – Other services                  24,950          24,909             0.2


                                   Gross profit                       385,511        281,424             37.0


Management Discussion
                                   Profit/(loss) for the period       128,363      (1,846,245)          107.0
                                   EBITDA                             175,751      (1,805,098)          109.7




    and Analysis




   Other

Information




  Financial

Information




    Definitions




                        4   2025 Interim Report
                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PERFORMANCE REVIEW
In the first half of 2025, supported by a series of favorable macroeconomic policies, China’s economy maintained
steady growth, with its gross domestic product (GDP), calculated at constant prices, recording a year-on-year
increase of 5.3%. The domestic food and beverage sector, where the Group has established operations,
demonstrated stable development. Meanwhile, the new energy vehicle and household appliance sectors continued
to benefit from intelligent upgrading and the trade-in policies, sustaining rapid growth momentum. The sales volume
of new energy vehicles achieved a year-on-year increase of over 40%, and the sales of household appliances and
audio-visual equipment achieved a year-on-year increase of over 30%, reflecting strong industry marketing demand.


As China’s leading AI interactive marketing service provider, the Group’s revenue and gross profit maintained
rapid growth during the Reporting Period, and the Group recorded revenue of RMB676.2 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of 31.3%, with gross profit increasing to RMB385.5 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 37.0%. This achievement was driven by the Group’s innovative and efficient business model, strong
service capabilities, solid industry reputation and dedicated efforts of the team, as well as its significant advantages
accumulated through years of sustained investment in the AI sector.


AI has been widely recognized as a strategic technology driving the new wave of technological revolution and
industrial transformation, with its industrial applications poised to profoundly reshape human production and
lifestyles. To seize the opportunity of this pivotal era, the Group has upgraded its core strategy to “AI + Consumption
Scenarios”, and is committed to reshaping more consumption scenarios by AIoT and bringing more interesting new
lifestyles to young people.


To support this strategic upgrade, the Group significantly increased its investment in R&D to RMB77.8 million during
the Reporting Period, representing a year-on-year increase of 107.7%. By establishing an AI technology middleware
platform, the Group has strengthened its foundational technological architecture while adopting innovative modular
design to build reusable AI capability pools, thus enhancing R&D efficiency and systematically improving the
technology scalability across multiple application scenarios. Meanwhile, the Group has achieved breakthroughs in
its independently developed AI-OMNI engine (AI-Orchestrated Multimodal Neural Integration), which successfully
empowers three core hierarchical modules of “perception, decision-making and execution”, and significantly
enhances the intelligence level and multi-scenario adaptability of terminals. Commercially, the Group currently focuses
on two key application scenarios of “AI + Marketing” and “AI + Entertainment” to vigorously advance innovation in
“AI + Services and Products”, and has achieved fruitful results.


The Group’s profit for the first half of 2025 was RMB128.4 million, achieving a turnaround from loss to profit
as compared to loss of RMB1,846.2 million for the same period in 2024, which demonstrated the continuous
improvement in profitability of the Group’s operation, and the loss for the first half of 2024 was due to a non-cash
one-time fair value loss of RMB1,899.4 million related to the Group’s convertible redeemable preferred shares.


As of June 30, 2025, the Group was in a strong financial position with cash and cash equivalents amounting to
RMB1,141.2 million, reflecting the stability of financial position and the adequacy of liquidity.




                                                                                                    Qunabox Group Limited   5
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                  Business Segment Performance
                                  Marketing services
 Corporate

Information
                                  During the Reporting Period, revenue from this segment amounted to RMB568.0 million, representing a year-on-year
                                  increase of 37.9%, and gross profit amounted to RMB353.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 43.8%.
                                  Among them, revenue from standard marketing services sector amounted to RMB483.2 million, representing a year-
                                  on-year increase of 34.3%, and revenue from value-added marketing services sector with high gross profit, including
                                  customized AI interactive marketing services and data strategy services, amounted to RMB84.9 million, representing
Financial                         a year-on-year increase of 63.1%.
Highlights
                                  The Group’s business growth is primarily driven by the high-quality, stable and diversified brand customer
                                  base and the continuously expanding service scope.




Management Discussion
                                  During the Reporting Period, relying on its innovative and efficient business model, strong service capabilities,
                                  solid industry reputation and dedicated efforts of the team, the Group maintained good and stable cooperative
                                  relationships with brand customers. At the same time, the team delved deep into unlocking the potential of high-


    and Analysis
                                  quality customers. By expanding the application scenarios of services, enriching and improving AI interactive
                                  marketing products, developing data strategy products, and optimizing the marketing product portfolio and service
                                  model, the Group further expanded the scope of cooperation with KA customers. During the Reporting Period, the
                                  average revenue per KA customer increased to RMB16.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 52.2%.


   Other
                                  Substantial investment in technological R&D and innovation, as well as continuous data accumulation,
                                  serves as the cornerstone for the Group to continuously enhance the competitiveness of our products
Information                       and services in the industry.


                                  In terms of technological R&D and innovation, as China’s leading AI interactive marketing service provider, the
                                  Group significantly increased its efforts in the development of AI interactive marketing and data products during the
  Financial                       Reporting Period, yielding fruitful technological achievements and product conversions.
Information
                                  During the Reporting Period, the Group launched or optimized several AI interactive marketing and big data
                                  products, mainly including: (i) The appearance and intelligent optimization of the AI digital human shopping
                                  guide: by deploying the AI-OMNI engine independently developed by the Group, the AI digital human shopping


    Definitions
                                  guide has achieved significant enhancements in perception and interactive capabilities. It enables cross-sensory
                                  intent recognition to deliver more precise personalized recommendations and substantially improve the overall
                                  intelligence level, thereby further enhancing user experience and marketing conversion efficiency. Meanwhile, the
                                  digital human has undergone a comprehensive upgrade in appearance design. Through the application of high-
                                  precision 3D modeling technology for characters and environments, it gains stronger visual appeal, further increasing
                                  on-site foot traffic dwell rate and average dwell time. (ii) New AI holographic marketing cabinets: the Group has
                                  further enhanced its offline marketing display and interactive capabilities through the introduction of high-performance
                                  AI holographic cabinets. Brand customers can leverage 3D holographic projection technology to present their
                                  products and application scenarios in a more vivid and intuitive manner. Integrated with the Group’s self-developed
                                  multi-sensory AI interaction technology, this empowers consumers to freely explore product details and perform
                                  simulated operations of intelligent features, providing a new marketing solution for highly intelligent products such



                        6   2025 Interim Report
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


as intelligent household appliances and new energy vehicles. (iii) New selling point database and pre-scoring
services for beverages and snack food: the Group continued to drive the value extraction of the platform data
and the commercialization of data products. Through the deep integration and analysis of structured marketing data,
sales data and user feedback accumulated on the platform over the years, the Group has launched new selling
point database and pre-scoring services for beverages and snack food, aiming to help brands quickly optimize
the marketing plan and enhance the positioning accuracy of new products, further strengthening the Group’s data
product service capabilities in the industry. (iv) Flexibility in combining standard marketing services and value-
added marketing services modules: leveraging our continuously enhanced technical and operational capabilities,
the Group has been continuously advancing the modularization of the marketing system, enhancing the flexible
combination ability among various service modules of standard marketing services and value-added marketing
services, improving the business synergy and the comprehensive marketing effect, and strengthening our market
competitiveness.


In terms of patents and copyrights, the Group has also achieved remarkable results. During the Reporting Period, the
number of software copyrights registered in China increased to 159, and 34 new patent applications were submitted,
both of which have built a solid technical barrier for the Group and further enhanced our market competitive
strengths.


The continuous growth in the effectiveness of the Group’s AI interactive terminal network, coupled with
the team with rich industry experience serves as an important guarantee for the Group to achieve an
efficient business model and possess robust service capabilities.


During the Reporting Period, the Group has continued to enhance its efficiency of AI interactive terminal network.
By organizing a team with rich industry experience to review city heat maps and development plans, conducting
on-site visits to observe the population density and daily foot traffic, changes in the behavior of target consumers in
the areas where the terminals are located, and taking into account the characteristics of selected sites, the Group
optimized the layout of the AI interactive terminal network, in order to enhance its ability to empower brand owners
to strengthen their market influence and brand value, enhance their consumer acquisition capabilities, and obtain
accurate, authentic and prompt consumer feedback. As a result, the marketing revenue per terminal significantly
increased during the Reporting Period.


Meanwhile, the Group has deployed an in-house terminal operation and maintenance large model to establish an
intelligent operational training and management system. By integrating this model with AI Agent technology, the
system supports intelligent dispatching of operation and maintenance tasks, as well as the automated generation and
delivery of maintenance guidelines, significantly reducing the training cycle for operation and maintenance personnel,
and further strengthening the professional competence and operational efficiency of the terminal operation team.




                                                                                                   Qunabox Group Limited   7
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                  Merchandise sales
                                  During the Reporting Period, revenue from this segment amounted to RMB83.2 million, representing a year-on-year
 Corporate                        increase of 6.1%, and gross profit amounted to RMB21.3 million, representing a decrease as compared to the same
Information                       period last year.


                                  During the Reporting Period, the growth in revenue from the merchandise sales business, on the one hand, was
                                  attributed to the Group’s terminal network expansion in cities with high potential such as Hangzhou, Chengdu and

Financial
                                  Chongqing, which effectively enhanced density of the network sites of AI interactive terminals and expanded the

Highlights
                                  service scope; on the other hand, the Group adopted a more cost-effective merchandise pricing scheme to enhance
                                  the attractiveness of the terminals to consumers and improve the marketing value and commercial conversion
                                  efficiency.




Management Discussion
                                  Life style and innovation business
                                  “AI + Entertainment” is a new area focused on by the Group. The Group aims to build a world-leading AI indoor
                                  entertainment space and regards the Middle East market as the first place for business expansion. In order to


    and Analysis
                                  further enhance the execution efficiency and market promotion capability of the business, the Group has specially
                                  established an overseas entertainment business division, which focuses on the whole process covering the strategic
                                  planning, product design and commercial launch of AI indoor entertainment space.


                                  During the Reporting Period, such business division has completed the construction of organizational structure and

   Other
                                  the preparation work for the first batch of sites, and successfully obtained the relevant local licenses. Meanwhile,
                                  the core tasks such as product design and optimization, software and hardware and system development, and
Information                       construction of content ecological system are all in a steady progress stage.


                                  Other Services

  Financial
                                  During the Reporting Period, revenue from this segment amounted to RMB25.0 million, representing a year-on-year
                                  increase of 0.2%, and gross profit amounted to RMB10.8 million, representing a decrease as compared to the same
Information                       period last year.


                                  Other services mainly comprise IT system development and software development services, which are the auxiliary
                                  business segments of the Group. In light of the Group’s strategic orientation of fully focusing on its core business,

    Definitions
                                  the Group’s technological R&D team reduced the undertaking of projects in non-core areas to ensure that resources
                                  are concentrated on enhancing the technological innovation capabilities and market competitiveness of the key
                                  business.




                        8   2025 Interim Report
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



LONG-TERM STRATEGIES AND OUTLOOK
Looking ahead to the second half of 2025, along with the intensive implementation of supportive policies for
and potential unlocking of the AI industry in major economies around the world, as well as the breakthroughs
in the in-depth integration of AI technology with various fields of the real economy, AI applications are expected
to accelerate large-scale implementation. This process will not only promote the leapfrog improvement in AI
technology’s scenario-based capabilities, but also expand the empowerment effect on global economic growth from
part penetration to full manifestation, becoming a new driving force for industrial upgrading and value creation.


As one of the leading companies in the field of AI applications, the Group will continue to promote the core strategy
of “AI + Consumption Scenarios”, and is committed to reshaping more consumption scenarios by AIoT and bringing
more interesting new lifestyles to young people.


In the field of “AI + Marketing”, as China’s leading AI interactive marketing service provider, the Group will continue
to increase its investment in the field of AI interaction to provide more innovative and efficient one-stop marketing
solutions for global brand customers, and also offer more innovative and interesting AI interactive experiences for
global consumers. We hope that through these efforts, we can not only promote the rapid development of the
Company itself, but also introduce more innovative practices to the entire industry.


In the field of “AI + Entertainment”, the Group will continue to deepen the creation of the world’s leading AI indoor
entertainment space. With the gradual completion and operation verification of the project in the Middle East, the
Group will promote the precise optimization of the single-store business model, and simultaneously complete the
standardization of software and hardware systems and the construction of supply chain collaborative systems, to
accumulate experience for subsequent large-scale global expansion.


At the same time, the Group will also deepen its diversified layout centered on the “AI + Consumption Scenarios”
strategy, and systematically expand business boundaries and value chain depth by initiating strategic business
mergers and acquisitions and ecological synergy integration, to achieve high-quality large-scale growth.


Through the strategies above, we aim to achieve the long-term sustainable development of the Group, while also
driving the innovation and development of society, thereby creating greater value for the Shareholders.




                                                                                                    Qunabox Group Limited   9
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                   FINANCIAL REVIEW
                                   Revenue
 Corporate

Information
                                   The Group’s revenue increased from RMB515.1 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB676.2 million in the first half of
                                   2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.3%.


                                   The increase was mainly attributable to several key factors: (i) China’s economy experienced steady growth in the
                                   first half of 2025, along with supportive policies for the consumption market and the development of industries the
Financial                          Group served; (ii) relying on its innovative and efficient business model, strong service capabilities, solid industry
Highlights                         reputation and dedicated efforts of the team, the Group maintained good and stable cooperative relationships with
                                   brand customers; (iii) by expanding the application scenarios of services, enriching and improving AI interactive
                                   marketing products, developing data strategy products, and optimizing the marketing product portfolio and service
                                   model, the Group further broadened its cooperation with high-quality brand customers to promote the sustained


Management Discussion
                                   growth in average revenue per KA customer; and (iv) the Group continuously enhanced the effectiveness of its AI
                                   interactive terminal network, increased the density of terminal network sites in high-potential cities, and drove the
                                   continuous growth of merchandise sales business through optimization of operational strategies.


    and Analysis
                                   Revenue by Business Segment
                                   The Group generates revenue primarily from (i) marketing services, which further consist of (a) standard marketing
                                   services and (b) value-added marketing services; (ii) merchandise sales; and (iii) other services. The table below sets
                                   forth a breakdown of our revenue by business segment for the periods indicated:
   Other

Information                                                               Six months ended June 30, 2025             Six months ended June 30, 2024
                                                                                          Gross                                     Gross
                                                                                          profit                                     profit
                                                                         Revenue        margin     Percentage       Revenue         margin    Percentage

  Financial
                                                                        RMB’000              %             %       RMB’000              %              %

Information
                                    Marketing services                    568,020          62.2          84.0       411,759           59.7            79.9
                                    – Standard marketing services         483,157          57.2          71.5       359,712           55.8            69.8
                                    – Value-added marketing services       84,863          90.9          12.6        52,047           86.2            10.1
                                    Merchandise sales                      83,219          25.6          12.3        78,449           30.7            15.2


    Definitions
                                    Other services                         24,950          43.4            3.7       24,909           46.7             4.8


                                    Total                                 676,189          57.0         100.0       515,117           54.6         100.0




                        10   2025 Interim Report
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(1)   Marketing Services
      Revenue generated from marketing services increased from RMB411.8 million in the first half of 2024 to
      RMB568.0 million in the first half of 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 37.9%. This increase was
      primarily due to the business growth in both standard marketing services and value-added marketing services.


      Among them, revenue from standard marketing services increased from RMB359.7 million in the first half
      of 2024 to RMB483.2 million in the first half of 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.3%. The
      increase was mainly attributable to the Group’s continuous enhancement of its service and operational
      capacity, which enabled the Group to flexibly respond to the changing market demands and industry trends,
      thereby maintaining a stable and quality customer base. At the same time, the Group continued to optimize its
      marketing product portfolio and service model to enhance service quality and customer experience, including
      expanding wider service application scenarios, enriching and improving AI interactive marketing products,
      developing data strategy products, providing more efficient operational support and more in-depth customer
      demand exploration, so as to enhance customer stickiness and promote the continuous growth in contribution
      value of each customer. The average revenue per the Group’s KA customer that purchased standard
      marketing services increased from RMB9.3 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB13.7 million in the first half of
      2025.


      Revenue from value-added marketing services increased from RMB52.0 million in the first half of 2024 to
      RMB84.9 million in the first half of 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 63.1%.


      The increase was primarily due to the fact that the Group significantly increased its efforts in the development
      of AI interactive marketing and data products, yielding fruitful technological achievements and product
      conversions, e.g. by deploying the AI-OMNI engine independently developed by the Group to optimize the
      appearance and intelligence of the AI digital human shopping guide, new AI holographic marketing cabinets
      and new selling point database and pre-scoring services for beverages and snack food. These technological
      achievements have effectively strengthened the competitiveness of the Group’s value-added marketing services
      in the industry by enhancing the novelty and fun of the user experience, expanding the interaction capability
      between AI interactive marketing terminals and users, improving the Group’s industry database to better meet
      customer needs, and promoting the increase of the value contribution of each customer, thus fostering a
      virtuous cycle of mutual reinforcement between technology and commercial value. The average revenue per
      the Group’s KA customer that purchased value-added marketing services increased from RMB2.5 million in
      the first half of 2024 to RMB4.6 million in the first half of 2025.




                                                                                                    Qunabox Group Limited   11
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   (2)   Merchandise Sales
                                         Revenue from merchandise sales increased from RMB78.4 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB83.2 million
 Corporate                               in the first half of 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.1%. The increase on the one hand was
Information                              attributed to the Group’s terminal network expansion in cities with high potential such as Hangzhou, Chengdu
                                         and Chongqing, which effectively enhanced density of the network sites of AI interactive terminals and
                                         expanded the service scope; on the other hand, the Group adopted a more cost-effective merchandise pricing
                                         scheme to enhance the attractiveness of the terminals to consumers and improve the marketing value and

Financial
                                         commercial conversion efficiency.

Highlights
                                   (3)   Other Services
                                         Revenue generated from other services increased from RMB24.9 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB25.0
                                         million in the first half of 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.2%.



Management Discussion
                                         Other services mainly comprise IT system development and software development services, which are the
                                         auxiliary business segments of the Group. In light of the Group’s strategic orientation of fully focusing on its


    and Analysis
                                         core business, the Group’s technological R&D team reduced the undertaking of projects in non-core areas
                                         to ensure that resources are concentrated on enhancing the technological innovation capabilities and market
                                         competitiveness of the key business.


                                   Cost of Sales
   Other                           Cost of sales increased by 24.4% from RMB233.7 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB290.7 million in the first half

Information
                                   of 2025. The increase was primarily due to (1) an increase in information technology service fees from RMB139.8
                                   million in the first half of 2024 to RMB193.9 million in the first half of 2025, primarily due to an increase in the sales
                                   of corresponding marketing services; and (2) an increase in costs of inventories sold from RMB53.6 million in
                                   the first half of 2024 to RMB60.7 million in the first half of 2025, which was mainly due to the increase in sales of

  Financial
                                   corresponding merchandise.

Information                        Benefiting from the efficient cost management and control measures implemented by the Group in a robust
                                   operating stage, although the cost of sales increased, its growth rate was lower than that of revenue, supporting the
                                   continuous improvement of gross profit margin.



    Definitions
                                   Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
                                   The Group’s gross profit increased by 37.0% from RMB281.4 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB385.5 million in
                                   the first half of 2025, primarily due to the increase in its revenue as well as the control of its cost of sales. Gross profit
                                   margin was 57.0% in the first half of 2025, representing an increase as compared to 54.6% in the first half of 2024,
                                   primarily due to the fact that the Group was in a robust operating stage with stable revenue growth and efficient cost
                                   control.




                        12   2025 Interim Report
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Other Income and Gains
The Group’s other income was primarily derived from government grants, investment income, etc. The Group’s other
income decreased by 17.2% from RMB4.3 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB3.5 million in the first half of 2025,
which was mainly due to the decrease in relevant government grants received during the Reporting Period as the
Listing of the Group was completed in 2024.


Selling and Distribution Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses increased by 21.7% from RMB141.9 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB172.7
million in the first half of 2025. The main contributor to this increase was marketing and promotion expenses,
which increased by 28.5% from RMB100.5 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB129.1 million in the first half of
2025, primarily attributable to the increase in online and offline multi-channel marketing campaigns, which aimed to
enhance the Group’s brand awareness and image, develop and reach out to a wider range of potential customers,
and promote the expansion of the Group’s business scale.


Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses decreased by 31.3% from RMB36.3 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB24.9 million in the
first half of 2025. The decrease was primarily due to the completion of the Global Offering and the payment of the
relevant expenses incurred in the first half of 2024.


Finance Costs
Finance costs primarily consist of interests on bank and other borrowings. The Group’s finance costs increased
from RMB4.0 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB9.5 million in the first half of 2025, representing an increase of
RMB5.5 million. This was mainly due to the fact that, in order to optimize the efficiency of capital allocation, the
Group supplemented its domestic business operation needs with domestic loans, taking into account the interest
rate environment in both domestic and overseas markets and the expected investment returns. Although there are
sufficient funds at present, this is more conducive to liquidity and is in line with the Company’s development strategy.




                                                                                                    Qunabox Group Limited   13
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                   Research and Development Expenses
                                   Research and development expenses increased by 107.7% from RMB37.5 million in the first half of 2024 to
 Corporate
                                   RMB77.8 million in the first half of 2025. The increase was primarily due to the fact that, as China’s leading AI
Information                        interactive marketing service provider, the Group significantly increased its efforts in the development of AI interactive
                                   marketing and data products during the Reporting Period, yielding fruitful technological achievements and product
                                   conversions. For example, the Group (i) optimized the appearance and intelligence of the AI digital human shopping
                                   guide to deliver more precise personalized recommendations and substantially improve the overall intelligence level,
Financial                          thereby further enhancing user experience and marketing conversion efficiency; (ii) launched new AI holographic

Highlights
                                   marketing cabinets, and further enhanced its offline marketing display and interactive capabilities through the
                                   introduction of high-performance AI holographic cabinets; (iii) launched new selling point database and pre-scoring
                                   services for beverages and snack food, aiming to help brands quickly optimize marketing plans and enhance the
                                   positioning accuracy of new products, further strengthening the Group’s data product service capabilities in the



Management Discussion
                                   industry; and (iv) enhanced the flexibility in combining standard marketing services and value-added marketing
                                   services modules, improved the business synergy and the comprehensive marketing effect, and strengthened our
                                   market competitiveness.



    and Analysis
                                   Other Expenses
                                   The Group’s other expenses primarily include exchange loss arising from the fluctuations in exchange rates. The
                                   Group’s other expenses in the first half of 2025 were RMB3.8 million.


   Other
                                   Income Tax Expenses

Information
                                   The Group’s income tax expenses increased from RMB9.2 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB11.2 million in the
                                   first half of 2025 due to the increase in its profit before income tax. The effective tax rate of the Group in the first half
                                   of 2025 was 8.7%.


  Financial
                                   Profit/Loss for the Period

Information
                                   The Group’s profit for the first half of 2025 was RMB128.4 million, achieving a turnaround from loss to profit
                                   as compared to loss of RMB1,846.2 million for the same period in 2024, which demonstrated the continuous
                                   improvement in profitability of the Group’s operation, and the loss for the first half of 2024 was due to a non-cash
                                   one-time fair value loss of RMB1,899.4 million related to the Group’s convertible redeemable preferred shares.


    Definitions




                        14   2025 Interim Report
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Inventories
The Group’s inventories primarily consist of fast-moving consumer goods, such as beverages and food. Our
inventory balance increased from RMB11.8 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB12.0 million as of June 30,
2025, and the inventory turnover days decreased from 65.3 days as of December 31, 2024 to 46.2 days as of June
30, 2025, primarily due to a further improvement in lean inventory management level.


Trade Receivables
The Group’s trade receivables represent outstanding amounts receivable by the Group from customers primarily
in connection with the provision of marketing services. Trade receivables increased from RMB510.0 million as
of December 31, 2024 to RMB514.1 million as of June 30, 2025. The increase was primarily attributable to the
expansion of our business scale. The trade receivables turnover days remained stable at 172.3 days as of June 30,
2025 and as of December 31, 2024. The Group established a credit control department to minimize our credit risk
and maintain control over our outstanding receivables, and our management regularly reviews the settlement status
of customers with relatively long credit terms with the aim of maintaining a good turnover of trade receivables.


Trade Payables
Trade payables mainly represent payables for purchasing merchandise and payables for receiving services, etc. in
the Group’s daily operations. Trade payables increased from RMB19.0 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB57.0
million as of June 30, 2025, primarily attributable to an increase in the balance of trade payables due to the growth
in the volume of merchandise transactions and the increase in R&D investment during the Reporting Period resulting
from the expansion of the Company’s business scale.


Prepayments, Deposits and Other Receivables – Current
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables are amounts paid in advance to suppliers, service providers, etc. in the
Group’s daily operations or arising from other transactional matters, which are expected to be recovered at some
point in the future. These primarily consist of (1) prepayments, primarily representing prepayments to suppliers for
purchasing merchandise and procuring services, and prepayments for procuring third-party media resources, as
the Company utilizes social media platforms to attract and develop quality customers with sustained growth; and (2)
deposits and other receivables, primarily representing lease deposits and receivables. Prepayments, deposits and
other receivables decreased from RMB218.1 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB178.3 million as of June 30,
2025.




                                                                                                    Qunabox Group Limited   15
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                   Capital Expenditures
                                   The Group’s capital expenditures include payment for purchases of property, plant and equipment and the
 Corporate
                                   recognition of right-of-use assets in RMB. Among them, property, plant and equipment primarily consist of (1)
Information                        AI interactive terminals; (2) leasehold improvements; and (3) transport equipment. Property, plant and equipment
                                   decreased from RMB134.6 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB113.1 million as of June 30, 2025, mainly
                                   because the retirement of AI interactive terminals at the end of their useful lives and the depreciation provided as of
                                   June 30, 2025 based on our depreciation policy offset the additional AI interactive terminals purchased of RMB4.0
Financial                          million during the Reporting Period.

Highlights
                                   Right-of-use assets primarily represent leases of office premises and warehouses. The right-of-use assets increased
                                   from RMB4.7 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB6.9 million as of June 30, 2025, which was primarily due
                                   to new lease agreements entered into by the Company for office premises and warehouse, partially offset by the



Management Discussion
                                   depreciation provided as of June 30, 2025.


                                   Financial Position


    and Analysis
                                   The Group generally funds its operations with cash generated from operating activities and bank borrowings. The
                                   Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased from RMB892.0 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB1,141.2
                                   million as of June 30, 2025, primarily attributable to the increase in cash generated from our operating activities and
                                   bank borrowings.


   Other
                                   The Group’s main sources of financing are bank borrowings and equity financing. As of June 30, 2025, the Group’s
                                   bank borrowings were RMB544.7 million (December 31, 2024: RMB426.8 million). As of June 30, 2025 and
Information                        December 31, 2024, bank and other borrowings were mainly denominated in RMB.


                                   Looking forward, we believe that our liquidity demands will be met through a combination of cash generated from
                                   operating activities, bank borrowings, the net proceeds from the Global Offering, and other funds raised from the
  Financial                        capital markets from time to time.
Information
                                   Gearing Ratio
                                   Gearing ratio is calculated by dividing total liabilities by total assets and multiplying by 100%. As of June 30, 2025,
                                   the Group’s gearing ratio was 29.4% as compared with the gearing ratio of 25.7% as of December 31, 2024.

    Definitions




                        16   2025 Interim Report
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Pledge of Assets
As of June 30, 2025, the Group did not have any pledge of assets.


Contingent Liabilities
As of June 30, 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.


Foreign Currency Risk
The Group mainly operates its business in the PRC, and its transactions are mainly settled in RMB. As the Group
does not have material financial assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the respective functional
currencies of our operating entities, the management believes that the business does not have any significant
exposure to foreign exchange risk. As of June 30, 2025, we did not hedge against any foreign exchange fluctuations.


Credit Risk
The Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties, and there is no requirement for collateral. It
is our policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In
addition, we monitor receivable balances on an ongoing basis, and our exposure to bad debts is not significant. We
manage concentrations of credit risk based on customer/counterparty and industry sector.


Material Acquisition and Disposal
During the Reporting Period, the Group did not make any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates
or joint ventures.


Significant Investments Held and Future Prospects
As the Group did not have any single investment accounting for 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as of June
30, 2025, the Group did not hold any significant investments. As of June 30, 2025, the Group had no plans for future
significant investments.


Future Plans for Material Acquisitions and Material Investment
During the Reporting Period, the Group did not make any material investments, acquisitions or disposals. In addition,
as at the date of this report, other than the expansion plans disclosed in the sections headed “Business” and “Future
Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, the Group has not executed any definitive agreement for material
investments or acquisitions of material capital assets or other businesses.




                                                                                                 Qunabox Group Limited   17
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                   EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

 Corporate
                                   As of June 30, 2025, the Group had a total of 195 employees (as of December 31, 2024: 186). For the Reporting
                                   Period, the total costs for the Group’s employees (excluding Stock Incentive Plan expense) amounted to RMB22.3
Information                        million (for the six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB19.7 million). Our success depends on our ability to attract,
                                   retain and motivate qualified employees. We offer our employees a competitive remuneration package which includes
                                   salary, benefits, bonuses and incentives. Our compensation programs are designed to remunerate our employees
                                   based on their performance, measured against specified objective criteria. As required by the PRC laws, we have
Financial                          made contributions to the various mandatory social security funds, including funds for basic pension insurance,

Highlights
                                   unemployment insurance, basic medical insurance, occupational injury insurance and maternity leave insurance, and
                                   to mandatory housing provident funds, for or on behalf of our employees. The Company operates the Stock Incentive
                                   Plan for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the
                                   Group’s operation. Employees of the Group (including Directors) receive remuneration in the form of share-based



Management Discussion
                                   payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity instruments.


                                   To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of our workforce, the Group provides continuing education and



    and Analysis
                                   training programs, including internal and external training, for our employees to improve their technical, professional
                                   or management skills. The Group also provides training programs to our employees from time to time to ensure their
                                   awareness and compliance with our policies and procedures in various aspects.


                                   EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   Other                           Save as disclosed in this report, and with the exception of the placing of new Shares under the general mandate, the

Information
                                   closing of which was disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated July 23, 2025, as at the date of this report,
                                   there was no other event after the Reporting Period which has a material impact on the Group.




  Financial

Information




    Definitions




                        18   2025 Interim Report
                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the
Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the CG Code as its
own code of corporate governance. Save as disclosed below and in this report, the Company has complied with all
applicable code provisions set out in part 2 of the CG Code and adopted most of the recommended best practices
set out therein during the Reporting Period.


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. Since the Listing Date and up to the date of this report, Ms.
YIN Juehui (“Ms. YIN”) is the Chairwoman and the CEO. With experience in the telecommunications industry and
having served in the Company since its establishment, Ms. YIN is in charge of supervising and providing overall
management, operation and strategies of the Group. Despite the fact that the roles of the Chairwoman and the
CEO are both performed by Ms. YIN which constitutes a deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the
Board considers that vesting the roles of both the Chairwoman and the CEO in Ms. YIN has the benefit of ensuring
consistent leadership and more effective and efficient overall strategic planning of the Company. The Board believes
that this arrangement will not have an impact on the balance of power and authorizations between the Board and
the senior management of the Company, given that: (i) Ms. YIN and the other Directors are aware of and undertake
to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other things, that each of them acts for the benefit
and in the best interests of the Company; (ii) there is sufficient check and balance in the Board, which comprises
experienced and diverse individuals, and decision to be made by the Board requires approval by at least a majority
of the Directors; and (iii) the overall strategic and other key business, financial and operational policies of the Group
are and will be made collectively after thorough discussion at both the Board and senior management levels.


The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the
CG Code.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions.
Following specific enquiries made to all Directors, each of the Directors has confirmed that he/she has complied with
the required standards as set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Period.


During the Reporting Period, the Company has also adopted its own code of conduct for employee securities
transactions, the terms of which are no less stringent than those of the Model Code. Relevant employees who may
possess unpublished inside information of the Company are required to comply with this code of conduct when
dealing in the Company’s securities.




                                                                                                     Qunabox Group Limited   19
                                   OTHER INFORMATION



                                   INTERIM DIVIDEND

 Corporate
                                   The Board resolved not to declare any interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2025 (for the six months
                                   ended June 30, 2024: nil).
Information

                                   AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                   The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the
                                   requirements under the Listing Rules. As at the date of this report, the Audit Committee comprises three
Financial
                                   independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. ZHU Lin, Dr. CHE Lufeng and Dr. YANG Bo. The chairperson of
Highlights                         the Audit Committee is Mr. ZHU Lin (being the independent non-executive Director with the appropriate professional
                                   qualifications under Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules). The primary functions of the Audit Committee are to review
                                   and supervise the financial reporting process, risk management and internal control system of the Group, oversee



Management Discussion
                                   the audit process, provide advice and comments to the Board, perform other duties and responsibilities as may be
                                   assigned by the Board, and review and oversee the risk management of the Company.




    and Analysis
                                   The Audit Committee has discussed with the management of the Company and reviewed the unaudited condensed
                                   consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee considered that the
                                   unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Reporting Period are in compliance
                                   with the applicable accounting standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made appropriate disclosures
                                   thereof.


   Other                           The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025

Information
                                   have not been reviewed or audited by the auditor of the Company but have been reviewed by the Audit Committee,
                                   which is of the opinion that the preparation of such statements complies with the applicable accounting standards
                                   and the Listing Rules, and that adequate disclosures have been made.


  Financial
                                   USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
Information                        The Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on May 27, 2024. The net proceeds raised
                                   from the Global Offering, after deduction of the underwriting commissions, fees and estimated expenses payable
                                   by the Company in connection with the Global Offering, amounted to approximately HK$420.51 million (the “Net
                                   Proceeds”).


    Definitions




                        20   2025 Interim Report
                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION


As at the date of this report, there was no change in the intended use of Net Proceeds and the expected timeline as
previously disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus.
The following table sets forth a summary of the utilization of the Net Proceeds as of June 30, 2025:


                                                                               Net Proceeds
                                                                            Actual amount
                                                                          of Net Proceeds
                                                                            utilized during
                                                       Net Proceeds        the period from                          Expected timeline
                                        Percentage     incurred from             the Listing        Unutilized      for full utilization of
 Planned use of the                     to total Net      the Global          Date to June        amount as of      the remaining Net
 Net Proceeds                             Proceeds           Offering              30, 2025      June 30, 2025      Proceeds
                                                       (HK$ in million)      (HK$ in million)    (HK$ in million)
 Expand terminal network and                 32.0%             134.56                 76.38               58.18     December 31, 2027
   increase market penetration
   – Expansion of terminal network           24.0%             100.92                 56.18               44.74     December 31, 2027
     across tier one and new tier one
     cities in China
   – Placement costs of new locations          8.0%             33.64                 20.20               13.44     December 31, 2027
     intended for the installation of
     additional terminals
 Provide enhanced marketing                  13.0%              54.67                 19.20               35.47     December 31, 2027
   service
   – Expand the Group’s user pool and        10.0%              42.05                 16.77               25.28     December 31, 2027
     continue to enhance the Group’s
     membership system
   – Recruit additional marketing             3.0%              12.62                   2.43              10.19     December 31, 2027
     planning personnel
 Expand the Group’s brand                    15.0%              63.08                 32.46               30.62     December 31, 2026
   customer base by enhancing the
   Group’s brand awareness
   – Expand the Group’s brand                10.0%              42.05                 26.61               15.44     December 31, 2026
     customer base and promote the
     “Quna (趣拿)” brand
   – Recruit business development             5.0%              21.03                   5.85              15.18     December 31, 2026
     personnel




                                                                                                                    Qunabox Group Limited     21
                                   OTHER INFORMATION



                                                                                                                    Net Proceeds
                                                                                                                 Actual amount
 Corporate                                                                                                     of Net Proceeds
Information                                                                                                      utilized during
                                                                                            Net Proceeds        the period from                         Expected timeline
                                                                             Percentage     incurred from             the Listing       Unutilized      for full utilization of
                                    Planned use of the                       to total Net      the Global          Date to June       amount as of      the remaining Net
                                    Net Proceeds                               Proceeds           Offering              30, 2025     June 30, 2025      Proceeds
Financial                                                                                   (HK$ in million)      (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)
Highlights                          Enhance the Group’s technological             20.0%              84.10                 39.41              44.69     December 31, 2027
                                      capabilities and R&D efforts
                                      – Further enhance the Group’s R&D           10.0%              42.05                 18.37              23.68     December 31, 2027
                                         investments


Management Discussion
                                     – Strengthening the construction of            5.0%             21.03                 12.88                8.15    December 31, 2026
                                        digital systems within the Group’s
                                        internal operations



    and Analysis
                                     – Recruiting experienced technical             5.0%             21.03                   8.16             12.87     December 31, 2027
                                        and R&D personnel
                                    Pursuing strategic alliances                  10.0%              42.05                 22.03              20.02     December 31, 2027
                                      and acquisitions
                                    For general working capital and               10.0%              42.05                 11.55              30.50     Not applicable
                                      general corporate purposes
   Other

Information
                                    Total                                        100.0%             420.51                201.03             219.48


                                   The Group will gradually utilize the Net Proceeds in accordance with the intended purposes set out in the
                                   Prospectus.
  Financial

Information




    Definitions




                        22   2025 Interim Report
                                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR
ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed
to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in the register to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                        percentage of
                                                                                                                            interest in
                                                                                                                       the Company’s
                                                                                                         Number of              issued
  Name of Director                           Nature of interest                                      Shares held(1)     share capital(2)
  Ms. YIN Juehui (殷珏輝)                       Founder of a trust who can influence how                    72,294,252             27.52%
                                                the trustee exercise her discretion(3)
                                             Beneficial of a trust(3)                                    72,294,252             27.52%
                                             Interest held jointly with another person(9)                30,867,144             11.75%
                                             Beneficial owner   (4)
                                                                                                           2,500,000             0.95%


  Mr. CAO Liwen (曹理文)                        Founder of a trust who can influence how                      8,819,184             3.36%
      (“Mr. CAO”)                               the trustee exercise his discretion(5)
                                             Beneficial of a trust(5)                                      8,819,184             3.36%
                                             Interest held jointly with another person(9)                94,342,212             35.91%
                                             Beneficial owner(6)                                           2,500,000             0.95%


  Mr. HUANG Aihua (黃愛華)                      Interest of controlled corporation(7)                         4,409,592             1.68%
      (“Mr. HUANG”)                          Interest held jointly with another person(9)                98,751,804             37.59%
                                             Beneficial owner(8)                                           4,000,000             1.52%

Notes:

(1)      All interests stated are long positions.

(2)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of 262,705,446 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2025.




                                                                                                                       Qunabox Group Limited   23
                                   OTHER INFORMATION


                                   (3)   As at June 30, 2025, Beyond Branding is wholly owned by Jovie Holding Limited, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (HK)
                                         Limited (“Trident Trust”), Trident Trust serves as the trustee of the Jovie Trust, a trust established by Ms. YIN (as both settlor and beneficiary).
                                         As such, Ms. YIN is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by Beyond Branding under the SFO.
 Corporate
                                   (4)   These Shares represent Ms. YIN’s entitlement to receive up to 2,500,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to her under the
Information                              Stock Incentive Plan, subject to the terms and conditions of these options.

                                   (5)   As at June 30, 2025, Kiosk Joy is wholly owned by Iwan Holding Limited, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust, Trident Trust serves
                                         as the trustee of the Liwen Trust, a trust established by Mr. CAO (as both settlor and beneficiary). As such, Mr. CAO is deemed to have an
                                         interest in the Shares held by Kiosk Joy under the SFO.

Financial                          (6)   These Shares represent Mr. CAO’s entitlement to receive up to 2,500,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him under the

Highlights
                                         Stock Incentive Plan, subject to the terms and conditions of these options.

                                   (7)   As at June 30, 2025, NeoBox is wholly owned by NeoWay Holding Limited, which is in turn wholly owned by Mr. HUANG. As such, each of
                                         NeoWay Holding Limited and Mr. HUANG is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by NeoBox under the SFO.

                                   (8)   These Shares represent Mr. HUANG’s entitlement to receive up to 4,000,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him under



Management Discussion
                                         the Stock Incentive Plan, subject to the terms and conditions of these options.

                                   (9)   On June 27, 2023, Ms. YIN, Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮), Mr. CAO, Mr. WU Wenhong (吳文洪), Mr. HUANG and Mr. QIAN Jun (錢俊) entered into
                                         an acting-in-concert agreement, pursuant to which the signing parties have confirmed that they had been acting in concert by aligning their



    and Analysis
                                         votes and following Ms. YIN’s direction when exercising voting rights at the Group’s shareholders’ meetings since having interests in Shanghai
                                         Quna.


                                   Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company had or
                                   was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company
                                   or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to
   Other                           the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and

Information
                                   short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required
                                   to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which were
                                   required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


  Financial                        STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
Information                        On September 22, 2021, the Company adopted the Stock Incentive Plan, which is the only share scheme adopted
                                   by the Company as at the date of this report.


                                   Prior to January 1, 2024, the Group granted options to subscribe for an aggregate of 40,658,824 Shares


    Definitions
                                   (representing approximately 15.5% of the Company’s total issued share capital immediately upon completion of the
                                   Global Offering (assuming the options granted under the Stock Incentive Plan are not exercised)). The maximum
                                   entitlement of each participant under the Stock Incentive Plan shall not exceed such number of Shares. No further
                                   options were granted under the Stock Incentive Plan following such date, and no further options will be granted
                                   under the Stock Incentive Plan following the Listing. As such, the number of options available for grant under the
                                   scheme mandate as at January 1, 2025 and June 30, 2025 was nil and nil, respectively.


                                   The total number of Shares available for issue under the Stock Incentive Plan as at the date of this report is
                                   39,318,824 Shares, representing approximately 14.8% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares) as at the
                                   date of this report.




                        24   2025 Interim Report
                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION


The principal terms of the Stock Incentive Plan are set out below:

Purpose of the Stock Incentive Plan
The purpose of the Stock Incentive Plan is to attract and retain the best available personnel, to provide additional
incentives to eligible participants and to promote the success of the Company’s business.

Participants of the Stock Incentive Plan
The eligible grantees under the Stock Incentive Plan include employees, directors and consultants of the Group or
our affiliates or any entity in which the Group or our affiliate holds a substantial interest (the “Related Entity”), and
any persons who made special contributions in certain aspects to the Group or any Related Entity.

Duration, Exercise Period and Vesting Period
The Stock Incentive Plan shall become effective upon the occurrence of its approval by the applicable Board
resolutions of the Company. The Stock Incentive Plan shall continue in effect for a term of ten years after the date of
adoption, unless sooner terminated or extended before expiration. The exercise period of the options granted under
the Stock Incentive Plan is five years after such options become vested in full and exercisable. Subject to applicable
laws, awards may be granted under the Stock Incentive Plan upon its becoming effective. The vesting period of the
options granted under the Stock Incentive Plan ranges from two to four years commencing from the date of the
grant.

Remaining Term of the Stock Incentive Plan
As at the date of this report, the remaining term of the Stock Incentive Plan is around six years and one month.

Exercise Price and Option Pricing Model
For the fair value of equity-settled options granted, a binominal model was used in pricing and taken into account the
terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                 For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2025             2024
 Exercise price                                                                       1.10-12.40              1.10-12.40
 Expected volatility                                                             53.35%-53.93%           51.28%-54.43%
 Expected life (years)                                                                       7-9                     7-9
 Risk-free rate                                                                    2.66%-2.82%             2.66%-3.15%
 Expected dividend yield                                                                       –                       –


The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also
not necessarily be the actual outcome. Dividend yield is based on management estimate at the valuation date. The
risk-free rate is determined with reference to the yield of the PRC government bonds with maturities that most closely
match the option term as of the grant date.

The Group recognized share-based expenses in relation to the Stock Incentive Plan of approximately RMB7,542,000
(share-based expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2024: approximately RMB8,814,000) for the Reporting
Period in relation to the options granted by the Company.




                                                                                                        Qunabox Group Limited   25
                                   OTHER INFORMATION


                                   Details of the outstanding options granted under the Stock Incentive Plan are set out below:


 Corporate
                                                                                                                                                          Number of Shares underlying the options

Information
                                                                                                                                                 Number                                              Number
                                                                                                                                                of Shares                                          of Shares
                                                                                                                                               underlying                                         underlying
                                                                                                                                                      the                     Cancelled/                  the
                                                                                                                                             outstanding Granted Exercised forfeited      Lapsed outstanding
Financial                                                                                                                                         options    during    during    during    during     options

Highlights
                                                           Position/                                                                          granted as        the       the        the      the granted as
                                                           relationship                          Vesting     Exercise           Exercise    of January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting of June 30,
                                    Name of Grantee        with our Group        Date of grant   period      period                price             2025    Period    Period    Period    Period       2025
                                                                                                                             (RMB/Share)



Management Discussion
                                    Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the Company or their respective associates
                                    Ms. YIN Juehui         Executive Director, January 1, 2016 Note (2) Note (1)                   1.0982     1,500,000        0            0           0           0    1,500,000
                                      (殷珏輝)                   Chairwoman           January 1, 2020 Note (2) Note (1)               6.9444     1,000,000        0            0           0           0    1,000,000



    and Analysis
                                                              and CEO
                                    Mr. CAO Liwen          Executive Director January 1, 2016 Note (2) Note (1)                    1.0982     1,500,000        0            0           0           0    1,500,000
                                      (曹理文)                   and vice president January 1, 2020 Note (2) Note (1)                 6.9444     1,000,000        0            0           0           0    1,000,000
                                                              of sales
                                    Mr. HUANG Aihua        Executive Director July 1, 2016         Note (2) Note (1)               1.0982     3,000,000        0            0           0           0    3,000,000
                                      (黃愛華)                   and chief            January 1, 2021 Note (2) Note (1)               6.9444     1,000,000        0            0           0           0    1,000,000

   Other
                                                              technology officer
                                    Ms. YIN Juelian        Chief financial officer January 1, 2016 Note (2) Note (1)               1.0982     1,500,000        0            0           0           0    1,500,000
Information                           (殷珏蓮) (Note 4)                               January 1, 2020 Note (2) Note (1)               6.9444     1,016,224        0            0           0           0    1,016,224
                                    Mr. QIAN Jun (錢俊) Executive vice               January 1, 2016 Note (2) Note (1)               1.0982     1,500,000        0            0           0           0    1,500,000
                                                              president            January 1, 2020 Note (2) Note (1)               6.9444     1,000,000        0            0           0           0    1,000,000
                                    Mr. WU Wenhong         Chief customer          January 1, 2016 Note (2) Note (1)               1.0982     1,000,000        0            0           0           0    1,000,000
  Financial                           (吳文洪)                   relations advisor

Information                         Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                    Ms. HU Xiaowei         Administrative head January 1, 2016 Note (2) Note (1)                   1.0982     2,160,000        0            0           0           0    2,160,000
                                      (胡小薇)                  of Beijing office January 1, 2020 Note (2) Note (1)                   6.9444     1,040,000        0            0           0           0    1,040,000



    Definitions
                                    Others
                                    71 other grantees,    Various positions at   Various dates   Note (3)    Note (1)                  –     21,102,600        0            0           0           0   21,102,600
                                      which are our         the Group
                                      employees (other
                                      than Directors,
                                      chief executive,
                                      substantial
                                      shareholders of the
                                      Company or
                                      associates of the
                                      aforementioned
                                      persons)
                                    Total                                                                                                    39,318,824        0            0           0           0   39,318,824

                        26   2025 Interim Report
                                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION


Notes:

(1)      The options shall be exercisable within five years after such options become vested in full and exercisable.

(2)      The vesting period shall be four years commencing from the date of grant.

(3)      The vesting period ranges from two to four years from the date of grant.

(4)      Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮) is the sister of Ms. YIN Juehui (殷珏輝).

(5)      There is no performance target for the options granted under the Stock Incentive Plan.


As at June 30, 2025, the number of Shares underlying the outstanding options under the Stock Incentive Plan were
39,318,824 Shares, representing approximately 15.0% of the total issued share capital of the Company. During
the six months ended June 30, 2025, no additional options have been granted under the Stock Incentive Plan. The
number of Shares that could be issued upon exercise of options granted under the Stock Incentive Plan during the
Reporting Period, divided by the weighted average number of issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares) during the
same period, is 15.0%.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries entered into any
arrangements during the Reporting Period that would enable any Director or their spouses or children under the age
of 18 to benefit from acquiring shares or debentures of the Company or any other corporate body. Furthermore, no
Director nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 was granted any rights to subscribe for equity or
debt securities of the Company or any other corporate body, or had exercised any such rights.




                                                                                                                        Qunabox Group Limited   27
                                   OTHER INFORMATION



                                   SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
                                   SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
 Corporate
                                   As at June 30, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or the chief
Information                        executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be
                                   disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO
                                   or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


Financial                                                                                                                                 Approximate

Highlights
                                                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                                                                             interest in
                                                                                                                                         the Company’s
                                                                                                                          Number of              issued



Management Discussion
                                    Name of Shareholder                Capacity/nature of interest                      Shares held(1)   share capital(2)
                                    Beyond Branding(3)                 Beneficial owner                                   72,294,252             27.52%
                                                                       Interest held jointly with another person(12)      30,867,144             11.75%


    and Analysis
                                    Jovie Holding Limited(3)           Interest of controlled corporation                 72,294,252             27.52%
                                                                       Interest held jointly with another person (12)
                                                                                                                          30,867,144             11.75%


                                    Q-robot Holding Limited            Beneficial owner                                     8,819,184             3.36%

   Other
                                      (“Q-robot”)(4)                   Interest held jointly with another person(12)      94,342,212             35.91%

Information                         Helenatest Holding Limited(4)      Interest of controlled corporation                   8,819,184             3.36%
                                                                       Interest held jointly with another person (12)
                                                                                                                          94,342,212             35.91%


                                    Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮)(4)           Founder of a trust who can influence how             8,819,184             3.36%
  Financial                                                              the trustee exercise her discretion
Information                                                            Beneficiary of a trust (other than a                 8,819,184             3.36%
                                                                         discretionary interest)
                                                                       Interest held jointly with another person(12)      94,342,212             35.91%
                                                                       Beneficial owner(5)                                  2,516,224             0.96%


    Definitions
                                    Kiosk Joy(6)                       Beneficial owner                                     8,819,184             3.36%
                                                                       Interest held jointly with another person (12)
                                                                                                                          94,342,212             35.91%


                                    Iwan Holding Limited(6)            Interest of controlled corporation                   8,819,184             3.36%
                                                                       Interest held jointly with another person(12)      94,342,212             35.91%




                        28   2025 Interim Report
                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION



                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                         interest in
                                                                                                     the Company’s
                                                                                    Number of                issued
Name of Shareholder             Capacity/nature of interest                       Shares held(1)     share capital(2)
INSIGMA Limited                 Beneficial owner                                      4,409,592               1.68%
  (“INSIGMA”)   (7)
                                Interest held jointly with another person (12)
                                                                                    98,751,804               37.59%


Mr. WU Wenhong (吳文洪)(7)         Interest of controlled corporation                    4,409,592               1.68%
                                Interest held jointly with another person(12)       98,751,804               37.59%
                                Beneficial owner(8)                                   1,000,000               0.38%


NeoBox(9)                       Beneficial owner                                      4,409,592               1.68%
                                Interest held jointly with another person(12)       98,751,804               37.59%


NeoWay Holding Limited(9)       Interest of controlled corporation                    4,409,592               1.68%
                                Interest held jointly with another person (12)
                                                                                    98,751,804               37.59%


Q-robot shop Limited            Beneficial owner                                      4,409,592               1.68%
  (“Q-robot shop”)(10)          Interest held jointly with another person(12)       98,751,804               37.59%


Mr. Qian Jun (錢俊)(10)           Interest of controlled corporation                    4,409,592               1.68%
                                Interest held jointly with another person (12)
                                                                                    98,751,804               37.59%
                                Beneficial owner(11)                                  2,500,000               0.95%


Trident Trust                   Trustee(3)                                          72,294,252               27.52%
                                Trustee (4)
                                                                                      8,819,184               3.36%
                                Trustee(6)                                            8,819,184               3.36%


Shanghai Yuanjizhi Enterprise   Beneficial owner                                      4,000,020               1.52%
  Management, L.P.    *
                                Interest held jointly with another person           28,301,790               10.77%
  (上海源及致企業管理
  合夥企業(有限合夥))
  (“Shanghai Yuanjizhi”)(13)


Wuxi Ferry Phase II             Interest of controlled corporation                    4,000,020               1.52%
  Investment Co., Ltd.    *
                                Interest held jointly with another person           28,301,790               10.77%
  (無錫源渡二期投資有限公司)
  (“Ferry Phase II
  Investment”)(13)




                                                                                                   Qunabox Group Limited   29
                                   OTHER INFORMATION



                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                                      percentage of
 Corporate                                                                                                                                interest in
Information                                                                                                                           the Company’s
                                                                                                                       Number of              issued
                                    Name of Shareholder                  Capacity/nature of interest                 Shares held(1)   share capital(2)
                                    Shanghai Chuiying Enterprise         Interest of controlled corporation              4,000,020             1.52%
Financial                             Management Partnership             Interest of controlled corporation              6,999,954             2.66%

Highlights
                                      (Limited Partnership)* (上海垂穎       Interest held jointly with another person     21,301,836              8.11%
                                      企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥))
                                      (“Shanghai Chuiying”)(13)




Management Discussion
                                    Wuxi Ferry Phase II Venture Capital Interest of controlled corporation               4,000,020             1.52%
                                      Investment Partnership             Interest held jointly with another person     28,301,790             10.77%
                                      (Limited Partnership)* (無錫源渡



    and Analysis
                                      二期創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
                                      (“Ferry Phase II”)(13)


                                    Shanghai Yuanyuqu Enterprise         Beneficial owner                              21,301,836              8.11%
                                      Management, L.P. (上海源與
                                                           *
                                                                         Interest held jointly with another person     10,999,974              4.19%
                                      趣企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥))
   Other                              (“Shanghai Yuanyuqu”)(13)
Information
                                    Wuxi Ferry Venture Capital           Interest of controlled corporation            21,301,836              8.11%
                                      Investment Management Limited* Interest held jointly with another person         10,999,974              4.19%
                                      (無錫源渡股權投資管理有限公司)
  Financial                           (“Wuxi Ferry”)(13)

Information
                                    Wuxi Ferry Phase I Venture Capital Interest of controlled corporation              21,301,836              8.11%
                                      Investment Partnership             Interest held jointly with another person     10,999,974              4.19%
                                      (Limited Partnership)* (無錫源渡


    Definitions
                                      一期創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
                                      (“Ferry Phase I”)(13)


                                    Mr. JIN Yong (金勇)(13)                Interest of controlled corporation            21,301,836              8.11%
                                                                         Interest held jointly with another person     10,999,974              4.19%


                                    Shanghai Yuanqu Enterprise           Beneficial owner                                6,999,954             2.66%
                                      Management, L.P.*                  Interest held jointly with another person     25,301,856              9.63%
                                      (上海源趣叁期企業管理
                                      合夥企業(有限合夥))
                                      (“Ferry Phase III”)(13)




                        30   2025 Interim Report
                                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION



                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                       percentage of
                                                                                                           interest in
                                                                                                       the Company’s
                                                                                      Number of                issued
Name of Shareholder                    Capacity/nature of interest                  Shares held(1)     share capital(2)
Wuxi Ferry Weilun Enterprise           Interest of controlled corporation               6,999,954               2.66%
  Management Partnership               Interest held jointly with another person      25,301,856                9.63%
  (Limited Partnership)* (無錫源渡偉
  倫企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥))
  (“Ferry Weilun”)(13)


Suzhou Ferry Growth Investment         Interest of controlled corporation               6,999,954               2.66%
  Partnership (Limited Partnership) Interest held jointly with another person
                                   *
                                                                                      25,301,856                9.63%
  (蘇州源渡成長投資合夥企業
  (有限合夥)) (“Suzhou Ferry”)(13)


Mr. WANG Xuefeng (王學峰)(13)             Interest of controlled corporation             32,301,810               12.30%


Shanghai Junna Enterprise              Beneficial owner                               21,999,948                8.37%
  Management Partnership
  (Limited Partnership)* (上海君拿
  企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥))
  (“Shanghai Junna”)(14)


Lasa Junqi Enterprise                  Interest of controlled corporation             21,999,948                8.37%
  Management Co., Ltd.*
  (拉薩君祺企業管理有限公司)
  (“Lasa Junqi”)(14)


Legend Capital Co., Ltd.*              Interest of controlled corporation             21,999,948                8.37%
  (君聯資本管理股份有限公司)
  (“Legend Capital”)(14)


Beijing Juncheng Hezhong               Interest of controlled corporation             21,999,948                8.37%
  Investment Management
  Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
  (北京君誠合眾投資管理
  合夥企業(有限合夥))
  (“Juncheng Hehzong”)(14)




                                                                                                     Qunabox Group Limited   31
                                   OTHER INFORMATION



                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
 Corporate                                                                                                                           interest in
Information                                                                                                                      the Company’s
                                                                                                                  Number of              issued
                                    Name of Shareholder                    Capacity/nature of interest          Shares held(1)   share capital(2)
                                    Beijing Junqi Jiarui Enterprise        Interest of controlled corporation     21,999,948              8.37%
Financial                             Management Co., Ltd.     *



Highlights
                                      (北京君祺嘉睿企業管理
                                      有限公司) (“Junqi Jiarui”)(14)


                                    Tianjin Huizhi No. 1 Enterprise        Interest of controlled corporation     21,999,948              8.37%



Management Discussion
                                      Management Consulting
                                      Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
                                      (天津匯智壹號企業管理諮詢



    and Analysis
                                      合夥企業(有限合夥))
                                      (“Tianjin Huizhi No. 1”)(14)


                                    Tianjin Junlian Jieyou Enterprise      Interest of controlled corporation     21,999,948              8.37%
                                      Management Consulting
                                      Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
   Other                              (天津君聯傑佑企業管理諮詢
Information                           合夥企業(有限合夥))
                                      (“Junlian Jieyou”)(14)


                                    Mr. ZHU Linan (朱立南)(14)                Interest of controlled corporation     21,999,948              8.37%
  Financial

Information
                                    Mr. CHEN Hao (陳浩)(14)                  Interest of controlled corporation     21,999,948              8.37%


                                    Beijing Junlian Huicheng Equity        Interest of controlled corporation     21,999,948              8.37%
                                      Investment Partnership


    Definitions
                                      (Limited Partnership)* (北京君聯
                                      慧誠股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
                                      (“Beijing Legend”)(14)


                                    Xiamen C&D Emerging Industry           Beneficial owner                       18,000,036              6.85%
                                      Equity Investment No. 1
                                      Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
                                      (廈門建發新興產業股權投資壹號
                                      合夥企業(有限合夥))
                                      (“Xiamen C&D”)(15)




                        32   2025 Interim Report
                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION



                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                              interest in
                                                                                          the Company’s
                                                                         Number of                issued
Name of Shareholder              Capacity/nature of interest           Shares held(1)     share capital(2)
Xiamen Jianxin Investment Co.,   Interest of controlled corporation      18,000,036                6.85%
  Ltd. (廈門建鑫投資有限公司)
     *


  (“Xiamen Jianxin”)(15)


Xiamen C&D Emerging Venture      Interest of controlled corporation      18,000,036                6.85%
  Capital Co., Ltd. (廈門建發
                  *


  新興創業投資有限公司)
  (“Xiamen C&D VC”)(15)


Xiamen C&D Emerging Industry     Interest of controlled corporation      18,000,036                6.85%
  Equity Investment Co., Ltd.*
  (廈門建發新興產業股權投資
  有限責任公司) (“Xiamen C&D
  Equity Investment”)(15)


Xiamen C&D Group Co., Ltd.*      Interest of controlled corporation      18,000,036                6.85%
  (廈門建發集團有限公司)
  (“Xiamen C&D Group”)(15)




                                                                                        Qunabox Group Limited   33
                                   OTHER INFORMATION


                                   Notes:

                                   (1)      All interests stated are long positions.
 Corporate
                                   (2)      The percentage is calculated is based on the total number of 262,705,446 ordinary shares of the Company in issue as at June 30, 2025.
Information
                                   (3)      As at June 30, 2025, Beyond Branding is wholly owned by Jovie Holding Limited, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust, Trident Trust
                                            serves as the trustee of the Jovie Trust, a trust established by Ms. YIN (as both settlor and beneficiary). As such, each of Jovie Holding Limited,
                                            Trident Trust and Ms. YIN is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by Beyond Branding under the SFO.

                                   (4)      As at June 30, 2025, Q-robot is wholly owned by Helenatest Holding Limited, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust, Trident Trust
Financial                                   serves as the trustee of the Helena Trust, a trust established by Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮) (as both settlor and beneficiary). As such, each of

Highlights
                                            Helenatest Holding Limited, Trident Trust and Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮) is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by Q-robot under the
                                            SFO.

                                   (5)      These Shares represent Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮)’s entitlement to receive up to 2,516,224 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted
                                            to her under the Stock Incentive Plan, subject to the terms and conditions of these options.




Management Discussion
                                   (6)      As at June 30, 2025, Kiosk Joy is wholly owned by Iwan Holding Limited, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust, Trident Trust serves
                                            as the trustee of the Liwen Trust, a trust established by Mr. CAO (as both settlor and beneficiary). As such, each of Iwan Holding Limited,
                                            Trident Trust and Mr. CAO is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by Kiosk Joy under the SFO.




    and Analysis
                                   (7)      As at June 30, 2025, INSIGMA is wholly owned by Mr. WU Wenhong (吳文洪). As such, Mr. WU Wenhong (吳文洪) is deemed to have an
                                            interest in the Shares held by INSIGMA under the SFO.

                                   (8)      These Shares represent Mr. WU Wenhong (吳文洪)’s entitlement to receive up to 1,000,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options
                                            granted to him under the Stock Incentive Plan, subject to the terms and conditions of these options.

                                   (9)      As at June 30, 2025, NeoBox is wholly owned by NeoWay Holding Limited, which is in turn wholly owned by Mr. HUANG. As such, each of

   Other
                                            NeoWay Holding Limited and Mr. HUANG is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by NeoBox under the SFO.



Information
                                   (10)     As at June 30, 2025, Q-robot shop is wholly owned by Mr. QIAN Jun (錢俊). As such, Mr. QIAN Jun (錢俊) is deemed to have an interest in
                                            the Shares held by Q-robot shop under the SFO.

                                   (11)     These Shares represent Mr. QIAN Jun (錢俊)’s entitlement to receive up to 2,500,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to
                                            him under the Stock Incentive Plan, subject to the terms and conditions of these options.


  Financial
                                   (12)     On June 27, 2023, Ms. YIN, Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮), Mr. CAO, Mr. WU Wenhong (吳文洪), Mr. HUANG and Mr. QIAN Jun (錢俊) entered
                                            into an acting-in-concert agreement, pursuant to which the signing parties have confirmed that they had been acting in concert by aligning

Information
                                            their votes and following Ms. YIN’s directions when exercising their voting rights at the Shareholders’ meetings in the Group since the
                                            establishment. As such, each of the Concert Parties and their respective holding vehicles are deemed to have an interest in the Shares each
                                            other is interested in under the SFO.

                                   (13)     Shanghai Yuanjizhi is a limited partnership established in the PRC on November 1, 2021 and it is owned as to approximately 0.1% by Ferry
                                            Phase II Investment as its general partner and as to approximately 99.9% by Ferry Phase II. Ferry Phase II Investment is owned as to 86.50%


    Definitions
                                            by Shanghai Chuiying, which is owned as to 33.0% by Mr. WANG Xuefeng (王學峰) as its general partner. Ferry Phase II is owned as to 0.98%
                                            by Ferry Phase II Investment.

                                            Shanghai Yuanyuqu is a limited partnership established in the PRC on November 1, 2021 and it is owned as to approximately 0.09% by Wuxi
                                            Ferry as its general partner and as to 99.91% by Ferry Phase I as its limited partner. The general partner of Ferry Phase I is Wuxi Ferry, and
                                            Ferry Phase I has six limited partners, including Mr. JIN Yong (金勇) being the largest limited partner with 39.60% partnership interest and the
                                            remaining five limited partners each holding less than one-third partnership interest.




                        34   2025 Interim Report
                                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION


       Ferry Phase III is a limited partnership established in the PRC on October 25, 2021 and it is owned as to approximately 0.03% by Ferry Weilun
       as its general partner and as to approximately 99.97% by Suzhou Ferry as its limited partner. Ferry Weilun is owned as to approximately 7.02%
       by Wuxi Ferry Growth Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.* (無錫源渡成長企業管理有限公司) as its general partner and approximately 92.98%
       by Shanghai Chuiying as its limited partner. The general partner of Suzhou Ferry is Ferry Weilun and Suzhou Ferry has 12 limited partners,
       each holding less than one-third partnership interest.

       As such, each of Ferry Phase II Investment, Shanghai Chuiying, Ferry Phase II, Wuxi Ferry, Ferry Phase I, Ferry Weilun, Suzhou Ferry, Mr. JIN
       Yong (金勇) and Mr. WANG Xuefeng (王學峰) is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by Shanghai Yuanjizhi, Shanghai Yuanyuqu and
       Ferry Phase III.


(14)   Shanghai Junna is a limited partnership established in the PRC on October 20, 2021 and it is owned as to approximately 0.02% by Lasa Junqi
       as its general partner and as to approximately 99.98% by Beijing Legend as its limited partner. Lasa Junqi is wholly owned by Legend Capital,
       which is owned as to 80% by Juncheng Hezhong. Juncheng Hezhong is owned as to 0.01% by Junqi Jiarui as its general partner, 58.12%
       by Tianjin Huizhi No. 1 as its limited partner and 41.87% by Junlian Jieyou as its limited partner. Tianjin Huizhi No. 1 is owned as to 1.20% by
       Junqi Jiarui as its general partner, as to 34.68% by Mr. ZHU Linan (朱立南) as its largest limited partner, and the remaining 64.12% by the
       other 13 limited partners, each holding less than one-third partnership interest. Junqi Jiarui is owned as to 40% by Mr. CHEN Hao (陳浩) and
       three other individual shareholders who respectively holds 20% equity interest, each an Independent Third Party. The general partner of Junlian
       Jieyou is also Junqi Jiarui. Junlian Jieyou has 17 limited partners, with Mr. CHEN Hao (陳浩) being its largest limited partner, holding 33.36%
       partnership interest, and the remaining 66.64% being held by the other 16 limited partners, each holding less than one-third partnership
       interest. The general partner of Beijing Legend is Lasa Junqi. Beijing Legend has 22 limited partners, with National Council for Social Security
       Fund of The People’s Republic of China (全國社會保障基金理事會) being its largest limited partner holding 33.33% partnership interest, and
       the remaining 21 limited partners each holding less than one-third partnership interest. As such, each of Lasa Junqi, Beijing Legend, Legend
       Capital, Juncheng Hezhong, Junqi Jiarui, Tianjin Huizhi No. 1, Junlian Jieyou, Mr. ZHU Linan (朱立南) and Mr. CHEN Hao (陳浩) is deemed to
       have an interest in the Shares held by Shanghai Junna under the SFO.

(15)   Xiamen C&D is a limited partnership established in the PRC on June 27, 2016 and it is owned as to approximately 1.52% by Xiamen Jianxin
       as its general partner, as to approximately 49.09% by Xiamen C&D VC as the largest limited partner and as to the remaining approximately
       49.39% by the other five limited partners. Xiamen Jianxin is owned as to 51.0% and 49.0% by Xiamen C&D Equity Investment and Xiamen
       C&D VC, respectively. Xiamen C&D VC is wholly owned by Xiamen C&D Equity Investment. Xiamen C&D Equity Investment is owned as to
       90.0% by Xiamen C&D Group, which is in turn wholly owned by the State-owned Assets Supervision And Administration Commission of
       Xiamen People’s Government (廈門市人民政府國有資產監督管理委員會).


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other persons (who were not
Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in any Shares or underlying
Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2
and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                              Qunabox Group Limited       35
                                   OTHER INFORMATION



                                   PURCHASE,            SALE           OR   REDEMPTION               OF      THE       COMPANY’S            LISTED
                                   SECURITIES
 Corporate
                                   Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
Information                        securities (including sale of treasury Shares, if any) during the Reporting Period. As of June 30, 2025, the Company
                                   did not hold any treasury Shares.


                                   CHANGE TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF
Financial                          EXECUTIVE OF THE COMPANY
Highlights                         Mr. CHEN Rui resigned as a non-executive director of Renrui Human Resources Technology Holdings Limited (人瑞
                                   人才科技控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6919), in July 2025.




Management Discussion
                                   Save as disclosed above, there has been no other change to information which is required to be disclosed and has
                                   been disclosed by the Directors and chief executive of the Company pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
                                   after the publication of the 2024 annual report of the Company and up to the date of this report.



    and Analysis
                                   CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING
                                   RULES
                                   Save as disclosed in this report, the Company did not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20,
                                   13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules as of June 30, 2025.

   Other

Information


                                   On behalf of the Board

  Financial                        Ms. YIN Juehui
Information                        Chairwoman, Executive Director and CEO


                                   Hong Kong
                                   August 15, 2025


    Definitions




                        36   2025 Interim Report
INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
   OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                      For the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                              Notes             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
REVENUE                                                        5                 676,189           515,117
Cost of sales                                                                    (290,678)        (233,693)
Gross profit                                                                     385,511           281,424


Other income and gains                                                              3,531            4,266
Selling and distribution expenses                                                (172,737)        (141,948)
Administrative expenses                                                           (24,947)          (36,315)
Research and development expenses                                                 (77,837)          (37,484)
Fair value losses on financial liabilities at fair value
  through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                                      –        (1,899,415)
Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                      40,816            2,273
Other expenses and losses                                                          (3,754)               (7)
Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model,
  net of reversal                                                                  (1,513)           (5,880)
Finance costs                                                                      (9,520)           (3,998)
PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                                       6                 139,550         (1,837,084)


Income tax expense                                             7                  (11,187)           (9,161)
PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD                                                     128,363         (1,846,245)

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                           123,391         (1,847,864)
  Non-controlling interests                                                         4,972            1,619
                                                                                 128,363         (1,846,245)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD                                 128,363         (1,846,245)
Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                           123,391         (1,847,864)
  Non-controlling interests                                                         4,972            1,619
                                                                                 128,363         (1,846,245)
PROFIT/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE
  TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
Basic:
Profit/(loss) for the period (RMB)                             9                     0.47            (13.71)

Diluted:
Profit/(loss) for the period (RMB)                             9                     0.41            (13.71)




                                                                                            Qunabox Group Limited   37
                                   INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                   June 30, 2025




                                                                                            June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                                2025           2024
 Corporate                                                                        Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000
Information                                                                               (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                    Property, plant and equipment                  10        113,063        134,579
                                    Right-of-use assets                                        6,867           4,731
Financial                           Financial assets at FVTPL                                  4,000           4,000

Highlights
                                    Deferred tax assets                                       16,698          16,645
                                    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables    11         37,500          42,023
                                    Total non-current assets                                 178,128        201,978
                                    CURRENT ASSETS


Management Discussion
                                    Inventories                                               12,044          11,764
                                    Trade receivables                              12        514,088        510,008
                                    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables    11        178,299        218,085


    and Analysis
                                    Financial assets at FVTPL                                226,240        272,524
                                    Cash and bank balance                                   1,141,177       891,987
                                    Financial assets at amortised cost                       160,343               –
                                    Total current assets                                    2,232,191      1,904,368
                                    CURRENT LIABILITIES
   Other                            Trade payables                                 13         56,982          19,002
Information                         Other payables and accruals                               44,549          46,034
                                    Contract liabilities                                      23,827           5,065
                                    Income tax payable                                        31,592          38,524
                                    Lease liabilities                                          2,581           2,839
  Financial                         Interest-bearing bank borrowings                         544,690        426,840

Information
                                    Deferred income                                              240             320
                                    Total current liabilities                                704,461        538,624
                                    NET CURRENT ASSETS                                      1,527,730      1,365,744
                                    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                   1,705,858      1,567,722


    Definitions
                                    NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                    Lease liabilities                                          4,285           1,974
                                    Deferred income                                                –              80
                                    Total non-current liabilities                              4,285           2,054
                                    Net assets                                              1,701,573      1,565,668




                        38   2025 Interim Report
                            INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                       STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                         June 30, 2025




                                                          June 30,      December 31,
                                                              2025              2024
                                                Notes     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                        (Unaudited)          (Audited)
EQUITY
Share capital                                    14             18                 18
Reserves                                                  1,667,273        1,536,340
Equity attributable to owners of the parent               1,667,291        1,536,358
Non-controlling interests                                   34,282            29,310
Total equity                                              1,701,573        1,565,668




                                                                      Qunabox Group Limited   39
                                   INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                   STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                   For the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                                                        Attributable to owners of the parent

 Corporate
                                                                                                  Share                                                        Non–
                                                                       Paid-in      Capital      award          Other Accumulated                         controlling        Total
Information                                                            capital     reserve      reserve       reserve             losses         Total      interests       equity
                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                    At January 1, 2025 (audited)            18    3,578,700      50,298        47,080       (2,139,738) 1,536,358             29,310     1,565,668
                                    Profit for the period                    –           –             –             –           123,391      123,391          4,972      128,363
Financial                           Total comprehensive income
Highlights                            for the period                         –           –             –             –           123,391      123,391          4,972      128,363
                                    Equity-settled share award plan          –           –        7,542              –                  –       7,542               –       7,542
                                    At June 30, 2025 (unaudited)            18    3,578,700      57,840        47,080       (2,016,347) 1,667,291             34,282     1,701,573



Management Discussion
                                   Six months ended June 30, 2024




    and Analysis
                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                  Share                                                         Non–
                                                                        Paid-in     Capital       award         Other     Accumulated                      controlling       Total
                                                                        capital     reserve      reserve       reserve             losses        Total       interests      equity
                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

   Other
                                    At January 1, 2024 (audited)             7           –       32,670        47,080            (467,582)    (387,825)       19,882      (367,943)
                                    Loss for the period                      –           –             –             –      (1,847,864) (1,847,864)            1,619 (1,846,245)
Information
                                    Total comprehensive loss
                                      for the period                         –           –             –             –      (1,847,864) (1,847,864)            1,619 (1,846,245)
                                    Issue of new shares upon

  Financial
                                      the initial public offerings
                                      (the “IPO”)                            1     425,307             –             –                  –     425,308               –     425,308
Information                         Automatic conversion
                                      of preferred shares
                                      upon the IPO                          10    3,153,393            –             –                  –    3,153,403              –    3,153,403
                                    Equity-settled share award plan          –           –        8,814              –                  –       8,814               –       8,814


    Definitions
                                    At June 30, 2024 (unaudited)            18    3,578,700      41,484        47,080       (2,315,446) 1,351,836             21,501     1,373,337




                        40   2025 Interim Report
    INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                      STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                      For the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                               (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Cash flows generated from operating activities                     234,563           101,997
Income tax paid                                                    (18,172)          (22,828)
Interest received                                                       52               204
Net cash flows generated from operating activities                 216,443            79,373
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                       –          (15,316)
Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                                    –          (39,827)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                 86,843            21,035
Purchases of financial assets at amortised cost                   (160,343)          (86,270)
Net cash flows used in investing activities                        (73,500)         (120,378)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Payments of lease liabilities                                        (1,675)          (1,376)
New bank loans raised                                              290,000           254,840
Repayment of bank loans                                           (172,150)          (45,690)
Interest paid                                                        (9,460)          (3,998)
Listing expense paid                                                      –          (10,631)
Decrease in amounts due from shareholders                                 –                7
Proceeds from issue of shares                                             –          436,451
Net cash flows generated from financing activities                 106,715           629,603
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                          249,658           588,598
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                   891,987           299,018
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                          (468)                –
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                       1,141,177           887,616




                                                                              Qunabox Group Limited   41
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

 Corporate
                                        Qunabox Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company
                                        with limited liability on June 15, 2021. The registered address of the Company is at the offices of Maples
Information                             Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The
                                        shares of the Company had been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
                                        “Stock Exchange”) with effect from May 27, 2024.


Financial                               The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also

Highlights
                                        the functional currency of the Company and most of its subsidiaries. The principal activities of the Company
                                        and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are engaged in marketing services, merchandise
                                        sales and other services in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).




Management Discussion
                                   2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
                                        The interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2025



    and Analysis
                                        has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34 Interim Financial Reporting.
                                        The interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information and
                                        disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s
                                        annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.


                                   3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   Other
                                        The Group has not applied the following new and revised International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”),
Information                             that have been issued but are not yet effective, in consolidated financial statements. The Group intends to
                                        adopt them, if applicable, when they become effective.


                                        Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                 Contracts Referencing Nature – dependent Electricity2
  Financial                             Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
Information                                                                                                Financial Instruments2
                                        Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                                                           its Associate or Joint Venture1
                                        Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                         Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards


    Definitions
                                                                                                           – Volume 112
                                        IFRS 18                                                         Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

                                        1
                                              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
                                        2
                                              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
                                        3
                                              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027



                                        The Group is in the process of making an assessment of the impact of these new and revised IFRSs upon
                                        initial application. So far, the Group considers that these new and revised IFRSs may result in changes in
                                        accounting policies but are unlikely to have a significant impact on the Group’s financial performance and
                                        financial position.




                        42   2025 Interim Report
                              NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                      June 30, 2025



4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
     For management purposes, the Group is mainly engaged in marketing services, merchandise sales and other
     related services, which is regarded as a single reportable segment in a manner consistent with the way in
     which information is reported internally to the Group’s management for purposes of resource allocation and
     performance assessment. Therefore, no further operating segment analysis thereof is presented.


     Geographical information
     (a)   Revenue from external customers
                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
            Mainland China                                                              676,189           515,117


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


     (b)   As the Group’s non-current assets were located in the PRC during the reporting period, no geographical
           information is presented.


     Information about major customers
     Information about products and services have been disclosed under note 5 to the condensed consolidated
     financial statements.




                                                                                                  Qunabox Group Limited   43
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

 Corporate
                                        An analysis of revenue is as follows:


Information                             Revenue from contracts with customers
                                        (i)   Disaggregated revenue information
                                                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,

Financial
                                                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
Highlights
                                                                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                               Revenue from contracts with customers
                                               Revenue from marketing services                                               568,020          411,759



Management Discussion
                                               Revenue from merchandise sales                                                 83,219           78,449
                                               Revenue from other related services                                            24,950           24,909
                                               Total                                                                         676,189          515,117


    and Analysis
                                               Timing of revenue recognition
                                               Goods transferred at a point in time                                           83,219           78,449
                                               Services satisfied at a point in time                                          24,950           24,909
                                               Services satisfied over time                                                  568,020          411,759
                                               Total                                                                         676,189          515,117
   Other

Information                                   The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in each of the reporting period that
                                              were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of each reporting period and recognised from
                                              performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:


  Financial                                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,

Information
                                                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                               Marketing services                                                               5,065           3,952


    Definitions                               All contracts are for periods of one year or less or are billed based on time incurred. As permitted under
                                              IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                        44   2025 Interim Report
                              NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                    June 30, 2025



5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (ii)   Performance obligations
            Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


            Marketing services
            The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally due
            within 180 days from the date of completion of services and customer acceptance.

            Merchandise sales
            The performance obligation is satisfied when the control of the goods has been transferred by vending
            machines to the customers and payment upon delivery of goods is normally required.

            Other related services
            The performance obligation is satisfied at the point in time as services are completed and accepted by
            customers and payment is generally due within 90 days from the date of completion of services and
            customer acceptance.




                                                                                                 Qunabox Group Limited   45
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   6.   PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX

 Corporate
                                        The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


Information                                                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                         (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
Financial                                Cost of inventories sold                                                             60,651          53,572
Highlights                               Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        25,250          26,500
                                         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                   1,483           1,692
                                         Research and development expenses                                                    77,837          37,484
                                         Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   47              28


Management Discussion
                                         Listing expenses                                                                          –          18,285
                                         Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
                                            chief executive’s remuneration):


    and Analysis
                                            Wages and salaries                                                                19,250          15,976
                                            Stock incentive plan expense                                                       7,542           8,814
                                            Pension scheme contributions                                                       3,022           3,748
                                         Total                                                                                29,814          28,538
                                         Foreign exchange losses/(gains), net                                                  3,582          (2,762)
   Other                                 Fair value losses on financial liabilities at FVTPL                                       –       1,899,415
Information                              Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                       (40,816)         (2,273)
                                         Impairment losses on financial assets under ECL model                                 1,513           5,880
                                         Write-down of inventories                                                             1,238           1,541
                                         Interest income                                                                         (52)           (204)
  Financial

Information                        7.   INCOME TAX
                                        The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the countries or
                                        jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.



    Definitions
                                        Cayman Islands
                                        Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company is not subject to tax on income or capital gains
                                        during the reporting period.


                                        Hong Kong
                                        The subsidiary which operates in Hong Kong is subject to profits tax at a rate of 8.25% applies to the first
                                        HKD2,000,000 of assessable profits, the remaining assessable profits are subject to profits tax at a rate of
                                        16.5%.




                        46   2025 Interim Report
                                 NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                          June 30, 2025



7.   INCOME TAX (Continued)
     Mainland China
     Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax and the Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the
     EIT rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% unless they are subject to preferential tax as set out below.


     In 2022, Shanghai Quna Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海趣致網絡科技有限公司) was accredited as a
     “High and New Technology Enterprise” and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for a period of
     three years from December 2022 to December 2025.


     The income tax expense of the Group for the reporting period is analysed as follows:


                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
      Current income tax                                                                     11,240             10,212
      Deferred income tax                                                                        (53)            (1,051)
      Total tax charge for the period                                                        11,187               9,161


     A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit/(loss) before tax using the statutory rate for the countries
     or jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the applicable
     tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
      Profit/(loss) before tax                                                              139,550          (1,837,084)
      Tax charged at the statutory tax rate                                                  34,888            (459,271)
      Preferential tax rate enacted by the subsidiary                                        (18,296)            (6,247)
      Expenses not deductible for tax                                                          4,166           479,282
      Additional deductible allowance for research and development costs                      (9,571)            (4,603)
      Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                               11,187               9,161


8.   DIVIDENDS
     The board of the directors of the Company (the “Board”) did not recommend the payment of any dividend
     during the reporting period.




                                                                                                       Qunabox Group Limited   47
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   9.   EARNINGS/LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
                                        HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
 Corporate
                                        The calculation of the basic loss/earnings per share amounts is based on the loss/earnings for the period
Information                             attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of
                                        262,705,446 (2024: 134,812,153) outstanding during the period, as adjusted to reflect the situation of new
                                        shares issuance during the period.


Financial                               For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the calculation of the diluted profit per share is based on the profit

Highlights
                                        for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary
                                        shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the period, as used in the
                                        basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have
                                        been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares



Management Discussion
                                        into ordinary shares, including the effect of dilution from options granted under the stock incentive plan of
                                        38,130,318 shares.




    and Analysis
                                        No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share presented for the six months ended June 30,
                                        2024 as the impact of the share options outstanding had an anti-dilutive effect on the basic loss per share
                                        presented.


                                        The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

   Other                                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
Information                                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (unaudited)        (unaudited)
                                         Earnings/(loss)
  Financial                              Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
Information                                used in the basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share calculation:           123,391        (1,847,864)


                                                                                                                          Number of shares
                                                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,


    Definitions
                                                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                                                      (unaudited)        (unaudited)
                                         Shares
                                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue outstanding
                                           during the period used in the basic and diluted
                                           earnings/(loss) per share calculation                                     262,705,446       134,812,153


                                         Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
                                           Share options granted under the stock incentive plan                       38,130,318                   –
                                         Total                                                                       300,835,764       134,812,153




                        48   2025 Interim Report
                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                              June 30, 2025



10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                               Experiential
                                                  vending        Leasehold      Transport
                                                 machines     improvements     equipment            Total
                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                               (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
   June 30, 2025
   At January 1, 2025 (audited):
     Cost                                          262,909           3,049            661         266,619
     Accumulated depreciation                     (128,899)          (3,049)           (92)      (132,040)
     Net carrying amount                           134,010                –           569         134,579
   At January 1, 2025 net of
     accumulated depreciation                      134,010                –           569         134,579
     Additions                                       4,003                –              –          4,003
     Depreciation provided during the period       (25,172)               –            (78)       (25,250)
     Disposals                                        (269)               –              –           (269)
   At June 30, 2025 net of
     accumulated depreciation                      112,572                –           491         113,063
   At June 30, 2025
     Cost                                          261,532           3,049            661         265,242
     Accumulated depreciation                     (148,960)          (3,049)          (170)      (152,179)
     Net carrying amount                           112,572                –           491         113,063




                                                                                        Qunabox Group Limited   49
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

 Corporate
                                                                                      Experiential
                                                                                          vending       Leasehold        Transport
Information                                                                             machines     improvements       equipment             Total
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                         (Audited)        (Audited)       (Audited)        (Audited)
                                         December 31, 2024
Financial                                At January 1, 2024:
Highlights                                 Cost                                          273,356             3,049                –        276,405
                                           Accumulated depreciation                      (155,704)          (3,049)               –       (158,753)
                                           Net carrying amount                           117,652                 –                –        117,652




Management Discussion
                                         At January 1, 2024 net of
                                           accumulated depreciation                      117,652                 –                –        117,652
                                           Additions                                       70,796                –             661          71,457



    and Analysis
                                           Depreciation provided during the year          (50,376)               –              (92)        (50,468)
                                           Disposals                                       (4,062)               –                –          (4,062)
                                         At December 31, 2024 net of
                                           accumulated depreciation                      134,010                 –             569         134,579
                                         At December 31, 2024

   Other
                                           Cost                                          262,909             3,049             661         266,619
                                           Accumulated depreciation                      (128,899)          (3,049)             (92)      (132,040)
Information                                Net carrying amount                           134,010                 –             569         134,579


                                        During the reporting period, there was no impairment provided for the Group’s property, plant and equipment.

  Financial

Information




    Definitions




                        50   2025 Interim Report
                               NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                    June 30, 2025



11. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)           (Audited)
    Current
    Prepayments                                                                       126,695            187,347
    Value-added-tax recoverable                                                              –               871
    Deposits and other receivables                                                     53,668             33,430
                                                                                      180,363            221,648
    Allowance for expected credit loss                                                  (2,064)            (3,563)
    Total                                                                             178,299            218,085

    Non-Current
    Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                      25,500             30,023
    Deposits and other receivables                                                     12,000             12,000
    Total                                                                              37,500             42,023


12. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)           (Audited)
    Trade receivables                                                                 571,096            564,004
    Impairment                                                                         (57,008)          (53,996)
    Total                                                                             514,088            510,008


   The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit term is generally from three to
   six months. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control
   process to minimize credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. The Group
   does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables
   are non-interest-bearing.




                                                                                                 Qunabox Group Limited   51
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   12. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

 Corporate
                                        An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and
                                        net of loss allowance, is as follows:
Information
                                                                                                                          June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
Financial                                                                                                              (Unaudited)           (Audited)

Highlights                               Within 6 months                                                                   289,602            293,963
                                         6 to 12 months                                                                    145,299            145,775
                                         1 to 2 years                                                                       71,459             70,270
                                         2 to 3 years                                                                         7,728                  –


Management Discussion
                                         Total                                                                             514,088            510,008




    and Analysis
                                   13. TRADE PAYABLES
                                        An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of each of the reporting period, based on the invoice
                                        date, is as follows:


                                                                                                                          June 30,      December 31,

   Other
                                                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
Information                                                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                         Within 1 year                                                                      56,982             19,002



  Financial
                                        The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 30 to 60 day terms.

Information




    Definitions




                        52   2025 Interim Report
                            NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                    June 30, 2025



14. SHARE CAPITAL
   The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands on June
   15, 2021. Upon its incorporation, the Company had an authorized share capital of US$50,000 divided into
   500,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.0001 each. According to the amended and restated
   memorandum and articles of association of the Company passed in June 2023, the authorized share capital
   of the Company was US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.00001
   each.


   As at December 31, 2023, the Company had 104,361,369 shares with a par value of US$0.00001 each.


   On May 27, 2024, the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange following
   the completion of issuance of 19,704,000 new shares of US$0.00001 each issued at an offer price of HK$25
   per share.


   As at May 27, 2024, all preferred shares were automatically converted into 138,640,077 ordinary shares of the
   Company upon the Listing and the fair value of the preferred shares as at May 27, 2024 was measured with
   reference to the IPO offer price of HK$25 per share.


   Ordinary shares issued and fully paid:


                                                                               Numbers of
                                                                            ordinary shares        Share capital
    As at December 31, 2024 and January 1, 2025:
    Issue of ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each                                 262,705,446                   18
    As at June 30, 2025:
    Ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each                                          262,705,446                   18


15. COMMITMENTS
   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of each reporting period:


                                                                                   June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)             (Audited)
    Contracted, but not provided for:
    Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                               15,000              15,000
    Total                                                                            15,000              15,000


16. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group and the Company had no outstanding balances with
   related parties.


                                                                                                 Qunabox Group Limited   53
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   17. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

 Corporate
                                        The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments of the Group as at the end of each
                                        reporting period are as follows:
Information
                                        Financial assets
                                        As at June 30, 2025

Financial                                                                                           Financial
Highlights                                                                                            assets          Financial
                                                                                                 at fair value        assets at
                                                                                               through profit        amortised
                                                                                                      or loss              cost            Total


Management Discussion
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)




    and Analysis
                                         Trade receivables                                                   –          514,088         514,088
                                         Financial assets included in prepayments,
                                           other receivables and other assets                                –           63,604          63,604
                                         Cash and bank balances                                              –        1,141,177       1,141,177
                                         Financial assets at amortised cost                                  –          160,343         160,343
                                         Financial assets at FVTPL                                   230,240                  –         230,240
   Other                                 Total                                                       230,240          1,879,212       2,109,452
Information
                                        As at December 31, 2024


                                                                                                     Financial
  Financial                                                                                            assets

Information
                                                                                                  at fair value        Financial
                                                                                                through profit         assets at
                                                                                                       or loss    amortised cost           Total
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


    Definitions
                                                                                                     (Audited)         (Audited)        (Audited)
                                         Trade receivables                                                   –          510,008         510,008
                                         Financial assets included in prepayments,
                                           other receivables and other assets                                –           41,867          41,867
                                         Cash and bank balances                                              –          891,987         891,987
                                         Financial assets at FVTPL                                   276,524                  –         276,524
                                         Total                                                       276,524          1,443,862       1,720,386




                        54   2025 Interim Report
                            NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                       June 30, 2025



17. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)
   Financial liabilities
   As at June 30, 2025


                                                                          Financial
                                                                          liabilities
                                                                      at amortised
                                                                                cost
                                                                          RMB’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)
    Trade payables                                                           56,982
    Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals            31,820
    Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                       544,690
    Total                                                                  633,492


   As at December 31, 2024


                                                                           Financial
                                                                            liabilities
                                                                        at amortised
                                                                                 cost
                                                                          RMB’000
                                                                           (Audited)
    Trade payables                                                           19,002
    Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals            36,085
    Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                       426,840
    Total                                                                  481,927




                                                                    Qunabox Group Limited   55
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   18. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

 Corporate
                                        Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, financial assets
                                        included in prepayments and other receivables, trade receivables, due from related parties, trade payables,
Information                             financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, due to related parties and current portion of interest-
                                        bearing bank borrowings approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of
                                        these instruments.


Financial                               The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies

Highlights
                                        and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. At the end of each reporting period, the
                                        finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major
                                        inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.




Management Discussion
                                        The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could
                                        be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The
                                        following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:



    and Analysis
                                        The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank borrowings have been calculated by
                                        discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
                                        credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance
                                        risk for interest-bearing bank borrowings as at the end of each reporting period were assessed to be
                                        insignificant.
   Other

Information                             The fair values of lease liabilities have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rate
                                        currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The fair values have
                                        been assessed to be approximate to their carrying amounts.


  Financial                             The fair values of the convertible redeemable preferred shares and convertible bonds measured at FVTPL are

Information
                                        determined using the option pricing model.




    Definitions




                        56   2025 Interim Report
                            NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                       June 30, 2025



18. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (Continued)

   Fair value hierarchy
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments.


   Assets measured at fair value:
   As at June 30, 2025


                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                           Quoted prices          Significant        Significant
                                                  in active      observable      unobservable
                                                  markets              inputs             inputs
                                                  (Level 1)         (Level 2)          (Level 3)                Total
                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
    Financial assets
    Financial assets at FVTPL
      – Unlisted Company Investment                       –                  –             4,000                4,000
      – Listed Company Investment                 226,240                    –                  –          226,240
    Total                                         226,240                    –             4,000           230,240




                                                                                                    Qunabox Group Limited   57
                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED
                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   June 30, 2025



                                   18. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                        (Continued)
 Corporate
                                        Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
Information
                                        Assets measured at fair value: (Continued)
                                        As at December 31, 2024


Financial
                                                                                            Fair value measurement using
                                                                                  Quoted prices        Significant         Significant
Highlights
                                                                                        in active      observable    unobservable
                                                                                        markets            inputs              inputs
                                                                                        (Level 1)        (Level 2)           (Level 3)      Total



Management Discussion
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                       (Audited)        (Audited)           (Audited)    (Audited)
                                         Financial assets



    and Analysis
                                         Financial assets at FVTPL
                                           – Unlisted Company Investment                       –                –              4,000        4,000
                                           – Listed Company Investment                  272,524                 –                   –     272,524
                                         Total                                          272,524                 –              4,000      276,524


   Other                                As at June 30, 2025, there is no convertible redeemable preferred shares since the preferred shares

Information
                                        automatically convert into ordinary shares upon the listing.


                                        As at December 31, 2024, there is no convertible redeemable preferred shares since the preferred shares
                                        automatically convert into ordinary shares upon the listing.

  Financial
                                   19. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Information
                                        The Company has completed the placing of 3,000,000 new shares at the placing price of HK$106.60 per
                                        placing share on July 23, 2025, details of which were disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated July
                                        23, 2025. There is no other material subsequent event happened after June 30, 2025.


    Definitions




                        58   2025 Interim Report
                                                                                     DEFINITIONS


“affiliate(s)”                 with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or indirectly,
                               controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such
                               specified person


“AI”                           artificial intelligence, simulation of human intelligence by machines


“Audit Committee”              the audit committee of the Board


“Beyond Branding”              Beyond Branding Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the BVI
                               on June 10, 2021, wholly owned by Jovie Trust, and one of the Controlling
                               Shareholders


“Board”                        the board of Directors


“BVI”                          the British Virgin Islands


“CEO”                          the chief executive officer of the Company


“CG Code”                      the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“Chairwoman”                   the chairwoman of the Board


“China” or “PRC”               the People’s Republic of China, for the purposes of this interim report, excluding
                               Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan


“Company”                      Qunabox Group Limited (趣致集團), an exempted company with limited liability
                               incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 15, 2021, and the Shares of which
                               are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0917)


“Concert Party(ies)”           refers to Ms. YIN Juehui (殷珏輝), Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮), Mr. CAO Liwen (曹
                               理文), Mr. HUANG Aihua (黃愛華), Mr. QIAN Jun (錢俊) and Mr. WU Wenhong
                               (吳文洪), and “Concert Party” means any one of them


“connected person(s)”          has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                               otherwise requires, refers to the Concert Parties and their respective holding
                               vehicles


“Director(s)”                  the director(s) of the Company


“Global Offering”              the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering (both as defined in
                               the Prospectus)



                                                                                               Qunabox Group Limited   59
                                   DEFINITIONS



                                   “Group”, “our”, “we” or “us”     the Company and its subsidiaries and branch companies from time to time or,
                                                                    where the context so requires, in respect of the period prior to the Company
 Corporate                                                          became the holding company of its present subsidiaries and branch companies,
Information                                                         such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of the Company at the relevant
                                                                    time


                                   “Helena Trust”                   a trust established on August 27, 2021 by Ms. YIN Juelian (殷珏蓮) as the

Financial
                                                                    settlor and the beneficiary

Highlights
                                   “HK$” or “HKD”                   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


                                   “Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC



Management Discussion
                                   “IFRS(s)”                        International   Financial     Reporting   Standards,   which   include   standards,
                                                                    amendments and interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting



    and Analysis
                                                                    Standards Board and International Accounting Standards and interpretation
                                                                    issued by International Accounting Standards Committee


                                   “Independent Third Party(ies)”   any person(s) or entity(ies) which, to the best of our Directors’ knowledge,
                                                                    information and belief having made all reasonable enquiries, is not a connected
                                                                    person of the Company within the meaning of the Listing Rules
   Other

Information
                                   “Jovie Trust”                    a trust established on August 27, 2021 by Ms. YIN Juehui (殷珏輝) as the settlor
                                                                    and the beneficiary


                                   “KA customer(s)”                 key account customer(s)

  Financial
                                   “Kiosk Joy”                      Kiosk Joy Holding Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the BVI
Information
                                                                    on June 10, 2021, wholly owned by Liwen Trust, and one of the Controlling
                                                                    Shareholders


                                   “Listing”                        the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on May 27,

    Definitions
                                                                    2024


                                   “Listing Date”                   May 27, 2024


                                   “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as
                                                                    amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


                                   “Liwen Trust”                    a trust established on September 24, 2021 by Mr. CAO Liwen (曹理文) as the
                                                                    settlor and the beneficiary




                        60   2025 Interim Report
                                                                               DEFINITIONS



“Main Board”         the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                     which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Stock
                     Exchange


“Model Code”         the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                     out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“NeoBox”             NeoBox Holding Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the BVI on
                     June 10, 2021, wholly owned by Mr. HUANG Aihua (黃愛華), and one of the
                     Controlling Shareholders


“Prospectus”         the prospectus of the Company dated May 17, 2024


“Reporting Period”   for the six months ended June 30, 2025


“RMB”                Renminbi, the lawful currency of China


“R&D”                research and development


“SFO”                the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                     as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Shanghai Quna”      Shanghai Quna Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海趣致網絡科技有限公司), a
                     limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC on July 18, 2013
                     and a subsidiary of the Company


“Share(s)”           ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a par value of
                     US$0.00001 each


“Shareholder(s)”     holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Stock Exchange”     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong
                     Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited




                                                                                 Qunabox Group Limited   61
                                   DEFINITIONS



                                   “Stock Incentive Plan”               the stock incentive plan of the Company approved and adopted by the
                                                                        Company on September 22, 2021
 Corporate

Information                        “subsidiary(ies)”                    has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


                                   “substantial shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


Financial
                                   “United States”                      the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the
                                                                        United States, and the District of Columbia
Highlights

                                   “US$”                                United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States




Management Discussion
                                   “%”                                  per cent

                                   * For identification purposes only




    and Analysis




   Other

Information




  Financial

Information




    Definitions




                        62   2025 Interim Report
