ANNUAL
ANNUAL
REPORT
REPORT
 2019//2020
2019    2020        Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                      Stock code: 823

 Strategic Report
Strategic Report
WE LINK PEOPLE                                                             Vision
TO A BRIGHTER
                                                                           To be a world class real estate investor and
                                                                           manager, serving and improving the lives of

FUTURE
                                                                           those around us


Link Real Estate Investment Trust is Asia’s                                Mission
largest REIT and one of the world’s largest                                Building relationships with our stakeholders through:
REITs (with focus on retail) in terms of market                             providing value and quality service
capitalisation. With a diversified portfolio, we                            partnering with local communities
aim to deliver sustainable growth and create                                delivering sustainable growth
long-term value for our Unitholders and all
our stakeholders.                                                          Value
In this report, we will discuss our gradual                                Managing and operating our business with
development along the path we outlined in                                   Respect
previous years. We have a clear direction to                                Excellence
inspire our staff to work together and achieve                              Integrity
our vision of being a world class real estate                               Teamwork
investor and manager, serving and improving
the lives of those around us.




About this Report                                                          Complete 2019/2020 Reports
Our 2019/2020 Strategic Report covers our performance from                 and Presentations
1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 and has been prepared according
                                                                           Our complete suite of reports and supporting compliance documentation can
to the International Integrated Reporting Council’s International
                                                                           be accessed and downloaded from our corporate website at: Linkreit.com
<IR> Framework. We highlight the interactions among financial,
environmental, social and governance factors, and underline their
                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
influence on our long-term sustainable development. The information
reported here is consistent with indicators used for our internal          Our Strategic Report, compiled according to the International
management and Board reports and are comparable with our previous          Integrated Reporting Council’s International <IR> Framework, presents a
Integrated Reports.                                                        comprehensive, but concise, overview of how we create value for different
                                                                           stakeholders and the progress we are making towards our Vision 2025.
Materiality
                                                                           GOVERNANCE, DISCLOSURES AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
This report has been structured according to Link’s Vision 2025 and
Value Creation Model. The Board believes that Vision 2025 represents       This report provides our detailed governance, disclosures and financial
the material opportunities that will drive value creation                  statements. Governance and disclosures sections are prepared in
for our stakeholders. These material opportunities have been               accordance with the REIT Code, applicable provisions of the Listing Rules,
developed taking into account our industry trends, the environment in      and other relevant laws and regulations while the consolidated financial
which Link operates, feedback from our key stakeholders and                statements have been prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong
the inherent risks of our business.                                        Financial Reporting Standards, the requirements of the Trust Deed and the
                                                                           relevant disclosure requirements of the REIT Code and the Listing Rules, and
                                                                           audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Sustainability Website
Up until 2013/2014, Link prepared separate annual sustainability reports   VALUATION REPORT
which are on our corporate sustainability website. Since 2014/2015, we     This report summarises the valuation of Link’s individual properties as
have updated our corporate sustainability performance solely on our        conducted by Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited.
website: Linkreit.com/en/sustainability/
                                                                           ESG COMPLIANCE DOCUMENTATION
                                                                           • Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (ESG Reporting
                                                                              Guide) of Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                                                           • Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI
                                                                              Standards) — Comprehensive Options
                  Access our corporate website                             • United Nations Global Compact
                  for further information
                                                       P     P




About Link
                                3.1%                                                      1.7%
Current                                                                                                      Retail — 74.6%
                                9.7%
Portfolio                       4.4%                       Hong Kong                                         Car Park — 16.2%
                                                             85.5%                                           125 properties in Hong Kong
Value                                                                                                        4 properties in Mainland China
                                                     Mainland China
HK$196                          16.2%                    12.8%                            64.9%

billion(1)                                                 Australia
                                                            1.7%
                                                                                                             Office — 9.2%
                                                                                                             1 property in Hong Kong
      Hong Kong retail             Hong Kong
                                     Hong Kongretail
                                                car park     Hong Kong
                                                                   Hongcar parkoffice Hong Kong office
                                                                        Kong                                 1 property in Mainland China
      Mainland China retail        Mainland
                                    MainlandChina
                                             Chinaretails
                                                    office Mainland China office
                                                                  Australia office       Sydney office       1 property in Australia



Results Highlights

             Revenue                        Net Property Income                      Distribution per Unit              Net Asset Value per Unit

    HK$10,718M                              HK$8,220M                             HK287.19 cents                              HK$77.61
     +6.8% yoy                               +6.9% yoy                             +5.9% yoy                                 -13.3% yoy
       Retail Occupancy                        Retail Occupancy                    Enhancement Projects
        in Hong Kong                          in Mainland China                     Completed to Date                          Energy Savings(2)

           96.5%                                   97.8%                                       85                                  29.6%
Notes:
(1) As at 31 March 2020 and including the acquisition of Sydney office which was completed on 7 April 2020 on a pro-forma basis.
(2) On a like-for-like basis compared to 2010 baseline.


                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report   1
VALUE CREATION
We are driven by an unwavering commitment to create value for a diverse range
of stakeholders.




BUSINESS AS MUTUAL
We believe collaboration nurtures the interdependencies among our many stakeholders, which
will ultimately improve the overall resilience and long-term sustainability of the Link ecosystem.




HEADWINDS AND TRENDS
Global, regional and local risks will always present challenges to our ecosystem.
Identifying key trends and challenges early helps us respond better and execute
our business strategy effectively.




SUSTAINABLE
BUSINESS STRATEGY
Our business strategy is anchored by three pillars:
Portfolio Growth, Culture of Excellence and Visionary Creativity.




FOUNDATION FOR
A SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS
Underpinning our business is a modern and inclusive risk management approach coupled with
corporate governance that is at the forefront of global best practice.



2   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
4    4
     6
          Value Creation Model
          Stakeholder Engagement




8
     8    Chairman’s Statement
     10   Business as Mutual
     12   Chief Executive Officer’s Report
     15   Board of Directors




16   16
     18
          Weathering the Perfect Storm
          Operating Landscape




22
     22   Portfolio Growth
     36   Culture of Excellence
     38   Visionary Creativity
     40 Vision 2025 in Action




42   42   Corporate Governance
     44 Risk Management




                                             Strategic Report   3
Value Creation | Value Creation Model




Value Creation Model

To be a world class real estate investor and manager
serving and improving the lives of those around us.



                                                                  Vision 2025

Our Portfolio


              Retail
                                                                                Portfolio
      P
              Car park                                                          Growth

              Office


                                                                                Culture of
                                                                                Excellence
Key Strengths

Asset Management
    Management
    Enhancement

Portfolio Management
                                                                                Visionary
    Acquisition
                                                                                Creativity
    Divestment
    Development

Capital Management




4     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                Value Creation | Value Creation Model




KPIs                                       Creating Value


   Grow AUM
   Sustain DPU growth
   Maintain ‘A’ ratings
                                                Financial
   Occupancy
   Reversion


                                                Placemaking

                                                                          We
   Staff satisfaction                                                     Link
   Attrition rate of
   high performing staff                        Innovation                People
                                                                          to a
                                                                          Brighter
                                                                          Future
   Tenant sales growth                          Talent
   outperforms market
   Customer satisfaction
   Link Together Initiatives
   create ≥2 times social benefit(1)            Relationship
   Reduce energy usage
   Reduce organic waste to landfill


                                                Environmental
Note:
(1) For every HK$1 invested, measured by
    Total Impact Assessment.




                                                                               Strategic Report    5
Value Creation | Stakeholder Engagement




Stakeholder Engagement

Echoing our brand promise, we are devoted to engage and build
networks among our stakeholders. This demonstrates how we
create vibrant communities while meeting the expectations of
different stakeholders.




We link our employees
to a brighter future by
fuelling aspiration
and impact
                                                                                    WE LINK
                                                                    OUR
                                                                  EMPLOYEES
                                                                                    PEOPLE




                                                                            OUR
           We link our tenants                                            TENANTS
           to a brighter future by
           powering business growth



6     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                          Value Creation | Stakeholder Engagement




                We link our business partners
                to a brighter future by providing
                unparalleled scale and reach




                               We link our investors
        OUR BUSINESS           to a brighter future by
         PARTNERS              driving sustainable return




TO A BRIGHTER
FUTURE
                                     $

                                   OUR
                                INVESTORS




          OUR
       COMMUNITIES

                             We link our communities
                             to a brighter future by
                             improving the lives of
                             people around us

                                                            Strategic Report   7
Business as Mutual | Chairman’s Statement




Chairman’s Statement

                                                                  “ To emerge from the crisis in a better,
                                                                    more resilient position, businesses
                                                                    will have to re-examine their
                                                                    strategies and relationships and
                                                                    transition towards a ‘Business as
                                                                    Mutual’ mentality encompassing
                                                                    business purpose and strategy,
                                                                    management systems and stakeholder
                                                                    interests.”



    Nicholas Charles ALLEN
    Chairman




The complexity and interconnectivity between industry,             the surge towards online ordering and shopping. Will online
business and society was on full display in 2019/2020. Social      shopping become the norm in a compact, connected and
incidents in Hong Kong brought the city to a near standstill       convenient city? As a property owner, it is imperative we
and overshadowed most of 2019. Adding to the tension was           remain ahead of the curve on how we think, react and
the escalating US-China trade war and the uncertainty              perform to these still unfolding changes.
around Britain’s Brexit plan. As dramatic as these individual
                                                                   To this end, we are transforming from within. We understand
events were, they paled in comparison to the COVID-19
                                                                   that truly sustainable businesses are the ones that can
pandemic. We witnessed global economies being paralysed
                                                                   navigate through such uncertainties, focus on what is
and successively shutdown in wake of the unprecedented
                                                                   material and of significant consequence and adjust
and rapid spread of the pandemic and the ensuing chaos.
                                                                   their business models appropriately. While we continue
Few businesses, if any, will emerge from this year unscathed.
                                                                   to be agile and responsive, such a fluid environment
The ramifications of the economic and social distress              demands a more dynamic approach to understanding
triggered by this global health crisis are yet to be measured.     not just ourselves, but also the larger ecosystem that
In the real estate sector, we are already seeing changes           includes our stakeholders.
in behaviours, values and risk appetite. We expect some
                                                                   The perception of being a dynamic ecosystem is not new to
changes will likely be fleeting, while others will warrant
                                                                   Link. It has served us well in our promise to Link People to
a reshaping of our business strategy. We are assessing
                                                                   a Brighter Future. It is in seeing this larger dynamic of
the implications of the disruptions that are changing the
                                                                   interaction and the benefits it brings, that we work tirelessly
way society functions. Will shoppers demand higher
                                                                   with our business partners to ensure we are aligned and
standards of health and safety? How do we meet such
                                                                   connected, sharing a common desire to achieve excellence
demands? Will more businesses readily adopt work from
                                                                   in everything we do. In good times, excellence means we
home arrangements for their staff? How will this impact
                                                                   help tenants build their businesses and realise their dreams.
the spaces they rent? Of specific interest to our business is
                                                                   In challenging times, we must coalesce and find different




8     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                          Business as Mutual | Chairman’s Statement




ways to utilise resources for mutual support and shared           Challenging Performance Metrics
value. 2019/2020 tested our collective strength in this           2019/2020 has proven that regardless of the external
resolve.                                                          challenges we may face, our communities count on our
                                                                  properties to fulfil their everyday needs. It is incumbent on
We believe that in times of crisis, valuable public resources     us to ensure our properties are welcoming, safe and healthy
should be directed to those Hong Kong businesses with the         places. Doing so has afforded Link to achieve a reasonable
most pressing needs. Consequently we decided not to make          set of financial metrics for 2019/2020.
use of the HKSAR Government’s Employer Subsidy Scheme,
instead choosing to support employees with our own                During the year, we have continued our strategy of portfolio
resources.                                                        diversification and are excited to add 100 Market Street to
                                                                  our portfolio. Located in Sydney, Australia, this marks our
Early in the year, we formalised a comprehensive business         first acquisition outside of Greater China, employing the
continuity plan to minimise interruption across our portfolio.    same robust and prudent investment approach as before.
This plan includes protocols on information sharing and           The property is in a premium location with excellent
contingencies for safety and operational integrity.               accessibility and amenities. We are confident of its long-
                                                                  term performance in this thriving global gateway city.
When the prospect of prolonged social distancing became
apparent early in 2020, our attention and focus quickly           I am pleased to report that while events continue to
pivoted to identifying tenants most at risk. Upon                 challenge the markets and industry, our portfolio
recommendation by the Link management team, the Board             remains productive. We have relied on the strengths
authorised the commitment of HK$300 million of tailor-            of our partnerships, in particular with our tenants and
made solutions to support our many tenants in Hong Kong           service providers, to keep our properties open, safe and
who have chosen to keep their doors open at our properties.       healthy over this past year. To them, I wish to extend
We have also offered relief measures to support tenants in        our sincere gratitude and commit our continued and
                                                                  unwavering support.
our Mainland China portfolio.

These targeted response programmes, as important as               As well, my personal thanks goes to each and every one
they are, have triggered the high-level review to what will       of our hard-working staff. Without their commitment to
be the “new normal” in how we operate. With our operating         working each day to deliver the care and services we
                                                                  promise, we would not be where we are today. And,
markets shaken to the core, we realise that our already
                                                                  finally, on behalf of all of us at Link, I wish to extend
high standards of duty and care in business decisions are         our gratitude to Andy Cheung, who retired at the end of
falling short of expectations. ”Business as Usual” will not       2019. His contribution first as Chief Financial Officer and then
suffice. To be this new normal is to be “Business as Mutual”.     as Chief Operating Officer has been invaluable to the growth
This thinking drives us to connect deeper with our                of our business over the last decade.
stakeholders, seeking to create shared value and a business
strategy that is long-term and self-reinforcing. It is teaching   As we stand at the beginning of a new decade, we face
us to embrace a continually changing environment and              changing societies, economies and industries. We have
behaviours, and strive to better serve our investors, business    learned that change challenges our assumptions, practices
partners and the communities that live around and rely on         and performance. While we have built and relied on a solid
our properties.                                                   portfolio of assets and proven business model, to maintain
                                                                  the course of sustainability, more decisive actions tempered
To this end we are also transforming our risk management          by well-informed and competent decision-making are
culture by broadening our scope of risks and understanding        imperative to our future. We have set the wheels in motion,
of how our risk decisions impact us, as well as the larger        in particular with regards to our dynamic ecosystem and
ecosystem including a broader universe of our stakeholders.       engagement with our stakeholders. The continuous response
                                                                  and actions will mark our leadership as a partner and role
We have adopted a scenario-based approach to anticipating
                                                                  model for sustainable business transformation in the
and managing risks and opportunities, while deepening
                                                                  coming years.
stakeholder engagement to understand their risks and the
implications to Link’s sustainable development. We are            Nicholas Charles ALLEN
evolving our corporate culture to further understand our
                                                                  Chairman
ecosystem and to practise Business as Mutual at work.
                                                                  Link Asset Management Limited
                                                                  As Manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                  1 June 2020



                                                                                                             Strategic Report     9
Business as Mutual | Business as Mutual




BUSINESS
AS MUTUAL
Business as Mutual drives us to connect deeper with our stakeholders,
seeking to create shared value and a business strategy that is long-term and
self-reinforcing.


                             NGOs




Business
Partners                                                 Tenants




                                                                   Business as Usual
                                                                   The Business as Usual model, with an organisation at the
                                                                   centre and stakeholders surrounding it, is proving to be
Investors                                         Communities      outdated and unsustainable. Increasing complexity and
                                                                   interdependencies between industry, business and society
                                                                   have created demand for realisation of shared value and
                                                                   sustainable operating principles. This requires businesses
                                                                   to evolve.
                          Employees




Business as Mutual in Action:
Link’s pandemic response
COVID-19 exasperated the year’s already challenging retail         Early in the year we formalised a comprehensive business
environment, creating acute enterprise risk that severely          continuity plan with our tenants and contractors to minimise
impacted business continuity. Our immediate response               interruption across our portfolio. This plan includes protocols
focused on ensuring the health and safety of our staff             on information sharing, contingencies for safety and
and the community.                                                 operational integrity and tailor-made financial relief
                                                                   packages for our tenants.
Through collective engagement and alignment with global
suppliers, we were able to procure and coordinate the              We also assured local community leaders and other relevant
distribution of personal protective equipment and sanitisers       stakeholders by keeping them informed of our plans and
to the community, our business partners and our staff.             actions.
                                                                   Going forward, the lessons learned and the agility and
                                                                   innovation we have used to manage the crisis will place
                                                                   the ecosystem in a better and more resilient position.
10    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                         Business as Mutual | Business as Mutual




Link’s
Ecosystem
                                                                                            I D E NTI F Y I S S U E S
                                                      Business                         1                                                                 NGOs
                                                      Partners

                                                                             4

                                                                    EXE                                                           2




                                                                 C UTE AN D MONI                                                  A S S E S S I MPACT
                                                                                            Ecosystem
                                                                                              Issues
                                              Investors                                                                                                         Tenants

                                                                       TO
                                                                           R



                                                                                   3
                                                                                           ALIG                  SES
                                                                                                  N RESPON



                                                                       Employees                                        Communities



Business as Mutual
At the heart of the Business as Mutual ecosystem are
common issues drawn from the specific interests and concerns
of different stakeholders, including Link. With this strategic delineation of
issues and interests, a collaborative risk management process addresses and
improves the ecosystem, making it more resilient for all. A key aspect of
this model is that the stakeholders in the ecosystem are not fixed, but rather
moving as the material issues change. This creates dynamic interactions that
require a process of continued internal assessment and feedback to ensure
appropriate action and allocation of resources.




   HK$300M                                                  68,000                                                           75,000
        Tailor-made solutions                               Bottles of free hand                                        Surgical masks provide
         budgeted to support                               sanitiser redeemed by                                         to housekeeping and
        tenants in Hong Kong                              shoppers for purchases                                         contractors, car park
                                                            made at tenants in                                          operators and our staff
                                                                 Hong Kong

Note:    All numbers above are as of 30 April 2020.

                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report   11
Business as Mutual | Chief Executive Officer’s Report




Chief Executive Officer’s Report

                                                                  “ Our resilience underpins our ability to
                                                                    be responsive to both foreseeable and
                                                                    unanticipated challenges. As we
                                                                    operate in such a dynamic ecosystem,
                                                                    maintaining this resilience is strategic
                                                                    to our business planning and
                                                                    execution to achieve our corporate
                                                                    purpose and long-term portfolio
                                                                    performance. Resilience relies on us
                                                                    consistently leading and collaborating
                                                                    with our stakeholders in working
                                                                    towards our common goals and
     George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                      shared value.”
     Chief Executive Officer




A Year of Challenges to Hong Kong and Link                         Link assumes a leading role in supporting the vibrant and
Link’s vigilance has served us well, especially now with the       thriving communities around us. Our properties are the
anticipated slowing of regional economic activity. Careful         anchor points for many and we have always been sensitive
attention to cost control and expenditure, enhanced                and alert to their sentiments. The November 2019 district
engagement with stakeholders and strategic rebalancing of          council elections in Hong Kong brought in a wave of young,
our portfolio contributed to our robust performance in             passionate community leaders, many of whom are new to
2019/2020. However, weathering a potential global recession        the intricacies of local government and social issues. Link
— of which the full extent and consequences are yet to be          was amongst the first to reach out, share information, solicit
seen – will test our management capabilities, sustainability       feedback and work with these leaders to improve the
of our physical assets and ability to innovate in delivering       districts and livelihoods of their constituents. We strive to be
essential services to the community.                               a key partner to all individuals and organisations focused on
                                                                   the betterment of our community.
We are closely integrated with the socio-economic and
political dynamics of the region. We are aware that our            Although tenants in our portfolio have shown more
industry, the geopolitical landscape and society at large are      resilience compared to overall Hong Kong, their businesses
changing significantly. The management team is closely             have nonetheless been affected by recent events.
monitoring events in real time, assessing the risks to our         Our approach to aiding our tenants has been continuous
portfolio and planning for the business in the short, medium       communication as different crises touched the communities
and long-term. Macro environment and external events are           and affected their businesses. Although this approach has
often interconnected, so we have to remain vigilant at all         been more labour intensive and time consuming, it has
times and consider potential impacts. Our task is to filter and    helped us develop closer relationships with our tenants and
identify what is material to the business and our stakeholders     deliver on our promise to support them on a targeted basis.
and act accordingly.                                               Our perseverance and hard work paid off, as occupancy
                                                                   in Hong Kong has remained steady and we even managed
                                                                   to source over 120 new lettings in Hong Kong portfolio since
                                                                   January 2020 despite such a challenging retail environment.




12    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                  Business as Mutual | Chief Executive Officer’s Report




Echoing the HKSAR Government’s Anti-epidemic Support              To support this strategic portfolio change, we are
Scheme, Link has decided to top-up the subsidies for our          transforming our organisational structure to make us more
Hong Kong property management workers including                   scalable and agile. We have reconfigured into a group and
cleaning and security, as well as expanding to include fitters.   regional centre setup, establishing region-specific policies
                                                                  and procedures, with clear delineation of growth objectives
The impact of the social and public health crises on our team
                                                                  and an aligned management approach. This provides the
did not escape our attention. To prevent staff fatigue and
                                                                  foundation for growing our business through investments
lower work stress, we responded quickly with a series of
                                                                  that leverage on our portfolio management strengths that
mindfulness and mental health programmes and flexible
                                                                  have served us well over the past decade.
work arrangements to help them cope with and manage
stress. We also put in place staff contingency plans to           Transformation of the business requires building and
minimise business interruptions both at the frontline and in      nurturing our talent pipeline to deliver aspired outcomes. We
head office.                                                      are building a culture of excellence focusing on leadership,
                                                                  innovation and teamwork. We have revamped various
Performance Review and Highlights                                 internal committees to facilitate more effective decision-
Since the launch of Vision 2025 last year, we are seeing the      making, enhance governance and policy implementation and
three pillars of portfolio growth, culture of excellence and      drive best practices at all levels of the organisation.
visionary creativity taking root across the organisation.
                                                                  Future Proofing for Sustainability
In 2019/2020, despite the accelerating uncertainties, we
                                                                  As the world reels from a public health crisis, the issue of
continue to see improvement in revenue and net property
                                                                  sustainability is finally gaining the rightful attention. Our
income, growing at 6.8% and 6.9% year-on-year respectively.
                                                                  commitment to managing the long-term consequences of
Although there is a valuation loss during the year, our
                                                                  climate change and sustainable development has become
investment properties are held as long-term investments for
                                                                  more important than ever. Identifying and mitigating the
stable and recurring income, and as the valuation loss is
                                                                  impact of climate change on our portfolio remains a priority
non-cash in nature, distribution per unit was not affected
                                                                  for Link. We have been part of a United Nations pilot to
and it increased by 5.9% year-on-year to HK287.19 cents.
                                                                  develop a TCFD reporting methodology for the real estate
We have strengthened further in capital management to             sector. The preliminary model was developed in September
ensure our balance sheet is robust and well-prepared for          2019 with input from the investment community and helped
any upcoming challenges and opportunities. As at 31 March         real estate businesses identify their long-term climate
2020, our debt portfolio consisted of HK$15.6 billion notes       risks and prioritise mitigation strategies. We have run a
issued under the MTN programme, HK$4.0 billion                    preliminary assessment using the TCFD guidelines across
convertible bonds and HK$15.0 billion bank loans, including       the entire portfolio, including our new property in Sydney,
an A$212 million sustainability-linked loan that furthers our     and are developing mitigation strategies for those
goal as a responsible business with performance-based             deemed at risk.
interest rate reductions. Our strong liquidity position not
                                                                  By future-proofing our portfolio using TCFD and risk scenario
only prepares us for market volatility, it can be used to fund
                                                                  planning, we can communicate to investors, insurers and
any strategic acquisition.
                                                                  regulators our arsenal of mitigation strategies and our high
We are progressively reshaping our portfolio, prudently           level of response preparedness in the event of the physical
diversifying into new geographies and asset types. In April       and transitional impacts of climate change.
2020, we completed our first acquisition outside of Greater
                                                                  Our commitment to minimising Link’s environmental impact
China – 100 Market Street in Sydney, Australia. This is a
                                                                  is unwavering, and we have made good progress in the last
milestone addition to our global footprint. We adopted the
                                                                  year. We have collaborated with business partners to use
same robust selection criteria, due diligence and assessment
                                                                  our properties as anchors to establish district-level plastic
standards used for acquisitions in Mainland China that have
                                                                  bottle collection networks in Hong Kong. We are also back
served us well, as evidenced from the solid track record of
                                                                  on schedule to complete four solar PV installations this year,
outstanding performance since the multiple purchases.
                                                                  each using blockchain technology to log and track the
While Hong Kong will remain Link’s home and core market,
                                                                  associated environmental benefits.
we will incrementally add properties in Mainland China and
major developed markets such as Australia, Singapore, Japan
and the United Kingdom to build a more diversified and
higher quality portfolio.


                                                                                                                Strategic Report    13
Business as Mutual | Chief Executive Officer’s Report




Our Value Proposition                                             enhancement programme and guided by Vision 2025, we are
Early in the year, we completed a high-level review of our        focusing on implementing the principles of placemaking at
brand promise, We Link People To a Brighter Future, to            our properties. We are creating environments that people
reassess its effectiveness. From this exercise we learned that    want to frequent and enjoy, not just to shop. Currently, two
while our promise captures our core values, it needed to          pilot sites are underway where we are working with local
evolve and respond to changing aspirations and market             designers to create the placemaking experience. We aim to
dynamics.                                                         transform neighbourhoods by offering leisure spaces and
                                                                  staging activities to enhance local lifestyles.
We realise that design thinking and deeper and broader
engagement are two critical success factors. Link is an           Our flagship community and charity engagement
anchor point in the larger ecosystem of the cities we are in.     programme, Link Together Initiatives, has made important
How we operate and what we do influence the broader               contribution to the community as we faced immense
economic and social activities of the communities we serve.       uncertainties. In 2019/2020, Link committed HK$10.3 million
Our financial support for those businesses which remain           to the Project Fund and another HK$3.8 million to
open during the height of the pandemic, for example,              our Link University Scholarship awarding 190 scholarships to
enabled the availability of essential commodities and             deserving students. A total of 750 scholarships have been
services to local communities and continuity of business          granted since its inception.
to our tenants.
                                                                  Outlook
Business as Mutual                                                At this juncture, there is a lack of clarity of what the near
The year’s sharp focus on society and our role as a platform      future holds and what challenges we may face. This makes it
has necessitated a re-thinking of our brand promise and how       difficult for business planning, requiring us to be even more
we serve our stakeholders. Within Link’s ecosystem, we have       vigilant and diligent in monitoring our progress to ensure we
defined a more inclusive stakeholder universe and expanded        stay on track.
our matrix of material issues that affect how we should
behave and operate. We are adopting design thinking and           Lease negotiations have been slower this year and more
interdepartmental “scrum” teams to focus on becoming              cases of negative reversions are noted. We remain convinced
more agile and adept at solving complex interdisciplinary         that our current portfolio management strategy remains the
challenges.                                                       right one, and our priority has been to maintain a steady
                                                                  occupancy level. We have learned many lessons this year
With more strategic engagement to advance our corporate           and there will be still more to come as economies and
vision, shared value has become the focus of how we plan          communities emerge and recover from the crises. Based on
and conduct ourselves as an organisation. We call this            preliminary assessment and barring any further drastic
Business as Mutual.                                               deterioration of the economy, we estimate Hong Kong retail
                                                                  rental to remain stable in 2020/2021 while Mainland China
Risk Management                                                   retail portfolio should maintain positive reversion.
An early application of Business as Mutual underscored            We are operating in uncharted territory, one where no single
our approach to the corporate risk management process.            entity – government, institutions, businesses or social groups
Internally, interdepartmental risk workshops were organised,      – has been able to control or lessen the damage on its own.
focusing on possible scenarios as we move towards Vision          It has to be a collaborative effort, with collective planning
2025. With deeper engagement, better understanding of             and whole-hearted commitment that will sail us through.
our ecosystem and thorough visioning of risk interventions,       We must work together towards our shared sustainable
our internal teams are collaborating across boundaries to         development goal.
identify risk and opportunities and fostering the systems
thinking approach for best practice solutions.                    I wish to thank each and every one of Link staff for seeing us
                                                                  through this last year. It has taken phenomenal efforts to
We are extending Business as Mutual to our business               keep our properties safe, clean and operating so that we can
partners and other external stakeholders for deeper               continue to serve our local communities. I am grateful for
understanding of Link’s enterprise risks. We have reached         the continuing support of our tenants and service providers.
out to the broader universe of stakeholders within the            All of us stand firm on our commitment to continuously Link
ecosystem to explore and determine what risks they are            People to a Brighter Future.
concerned about for their own businesses and organisations.
We are collating their responses and aligning them with
Link’s registry of internal risks so that we can identify         George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
material issues common to us and collectively resolve or
mitigate them. These actions serve to enhance the resilience      Chief Executive Officer
of Link’s ecosystem.
                                                                  Link Asset Management Limited
                                                                  As Manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust
A Flourishing Community                                           1 June 2020
Our core objective is to create thriving and vibrant
communities where we operate. Building on our strong asset


14    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                     Business as Mutual | Board of Directors




                                      Board of Directors
                                      effective from 1 February 2020

                                      Chairman                                                          Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                      1.   Mr Nicholas Charles ALLEN                                    5. Mr Christopher John BROOKE
                                           (also an Independent Non-Executive Director)
                                                                                                        6. Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong

                                      Executive Directors                                               7. Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL

                                      2. Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                   8. Ms Poh Lee TAN
                                           Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                        9. Ms May Siew Boi TAN
                                      3. Mr NG Kok Siong                                                10. Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing
                                           Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                        11. Ms Nancy TSE Sau Ling
                                      Non-Executive Director                                            12. Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG
                                      4. Mr Ian Keith GRIFFITHS




                                                           6
                                               11      4                      3
                                           7                   8                               12
                                                                     2   1          9               5
                                                                                          10




Read biographies online at:
https://www.linkreit.com/en/leadership/



                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report   15
Headwinds and Trends | Weathering the Perfect Storm




WEATHERING
THE PERFECT STORM
Our resilience underpins our ability to be responsive to both foreseeable
and unanticipated challenges. As we operate in such a dynamic ecosystem,
maintaining this resilience is strategic to our business planning and
execution to achieve Vision 2025. In face of the unprecedented market
conditions, Link has reinforced our commitment to work hand-in-hand
with our stakeholders to ride out this challenging period. With many
support programmes in progress, we believe the ecosystem has weathered
the worst of the unexpected crises. We continue to monitor and engage
for change in events and expectations as economies recover and begin to
open again.




16    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                              Headwinds and Trends | Weathering the Perfect Storm




                                                  Implemented
                                                  effective and
                                                  swift emergency
                                                  responses to
                                                  crises



Established        Stepped up                     Strengthened
tenant support     multi-pronged                  balance sheet
schemes            community                      with ample
in Hong Kong and   support to                     liquidity
Mainland China     encourage
                   spending



Ensured staff
well-being




                                                           Strategic Report    17
Headwinds and Trends | Operating Landscape




Operating Landscape

Hong Kong economy contracted for the first time in a decade in 2019 as months of local
social incidents and US-China trade tension exacted its toll. Stepping into 2020, COVID-19 has
disrupted a wide range of economic activities and deepened the city’s recession. GDP growth
dropped further to -8.9% and unemployment rate surged to 4.2% for 1Q 2020.
Retail sales and tourist arrivals have fallen drastically. Nonetheless, non-discretionary sales continue
to demonstrate high resilience amid the abruptly weakened economic situation. Office leasing
demand took a further hit, suffering from the weak business sentiment under the pandemic.



      Slowdown in Median Household                                        Non-Discretionary Sales Outperformed
      Income Growth Continued                                             (yoy)
                                                                           15%
       (yoy)
       10%                                                                                                                             0.8%
                                                                           0%


       5%                                                                 -15%
                                                                                                                                       -31.2%
                                                                          -30%
       0%
                                                               -2.7%                                                                  -43.8%
                                                                          -45%
                                                                -4.1%             2015     2016         2017        2018      2019   1Q 2020
       -5%
                2015      2016         2017   2018    2019   1Q 2020
                                                                                  Discretionary                Non-discretionary
               Overall                                                            Restaurant Receipts
               Public Rental Housing
                                                                          Note:   Non-discretionary retail sales include supermarkets and
                                                                                  foodstuff, and discretionary retail sales include the
                                                                                  remaining retail trades
      Source: Hong Kong Census and Statistics Department                  Source: Hong Kong Census and Statistics Department



      Parking Demand Reduced Amid                                         Office Rental Dropped Less in Second
      Weakened Economy                                                    Central Business District (CBD)
                                                                                          -10.6% YoY -4.3% YoY
                          -0.6% YoY                                                       Overall Hong Kong                  Kowloon East
                          Private Car Licensing                                           Grade A Office                     Grade A Office

      Note: Figure as at 1Q 2020                                          Note: Figures as at 1Q 2020
      Source: Hong Kong Transport Department                              Source: Jones Lang LaSalle




Outlook
• The government has forecasted another year of economic                • Non-discretionary retail trades, particularly supermarkets, will
  contraction ahead with COVID-19 hitting countries and cities            continue to demonstrate high resilience. Overall consumer
  worldwide. Recovery will span across a longer period of time            spending depends critically on how the COVID-19 situation
  along with government support measures. The GDP growth                  evolves.
  is estimated to range from -4% to -7% in 2020.                        • Office leasing momentum weakens with enterprises delaying
• The labour market is under great pressure, with the                     their business decisions. Rental of decentralised areas
  unemployment rate rising to 5.2% in February to April 2020.             experience less impact as it remains a cost-effective option.
  Household income growth also decreased amid the abruptly
  disrupted economic situation. Government has rolled out
  relief measures to keep workers in employment and to help
  low-income groups.

     Source: Hong Kong Economy, Financial Secretary                        Source: Jones Lang LaSalle

18      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                          Headwinds and Trends | Operating Landscape




Mainland China faced the first quarterly economic contraction in the first quarter of
2020 as economic activities came to a halt due to COVID-19. Although businesses have gradually
resumed as the pandemic has abated domestically, pressure remained as the world’s second-
largest economy may record its slowest growth in decades. Although disposable income growth
in Beijing, Guangzhou and Shenzhen moderated, China’s sound long-term economic
fundamentals remain. For the property market, office rents are under pressure due to weaker
business sentiments amid global economic slowdown.



    Economy Hard Hit by COVID-19                                                                          Retail Sales Dipped
    (GDP, yoy)
     15%

     10%
                                                                                                                        -21.5% YoY
                                                                                  -6.8%                                 Beijing
      5%
                                                                                  -6.8%
      0%

     -5%
                                                                                  -6.7%
                                                                                  -6.6%
                                                                                                                        -15.0% YoY
                                                                                                                        Guangzhou
     -10%                                                                         -6.6%

                                                                                                                        -22.9% YoY
            2015       2016        2017        2018         2019       1Q 2020



            National          Guangzhou          Shanghai
                                                                                                                        Shenzhen
            Beijing           Shenzhen



    Urban Households Disposable Income Growth Moderated                                                   Less Impact to Shanghai Puxi
                                                                                                          Office Rent
                                                                                                                        -1.8% YoY
     4.8% YoY                    2.9% YoY 1.4% YoY                                                                      Puxi Core CBD Grade A
                                                                                                                        Office Rental
     Beijing                     Guangzhou                  Shenzhen

                                                                                                                        -11.9% YoY
                                                                                                                        Pudong Core CBD Grade A
    Note:    Figures for 1Q 2020                                                                                        Office Rental
    Sources: National Bureau of Statistics of China, Beijing Municipal Bureau of Statistics,
             Shanghai Municipal Statistics Bureau, Statistics Bureau of Guangzhou Municipality,          Note:     Figures as at 1Q 2020
             Statistics Bureau of Shenzhen Municipality                                                  Source:   Jones Lang LaSalle




Outlook
• China’s economy is gradually picking up with policy                            • With diversified demand profile and limited new supply,
  support now that the pandemic is being controlled                                Shanghai Puxi core CBD Grade A office rents are more
  locally. However the weak global demand may hinder the                           resilient. Weak business sentiment may cloud the rental
  speed of recovery. 2020 full year forecast is 1.0%.                              growth in the near term.
• Disposable income growth for urban households is
  expected to improve gradually alongside economic
  recovery. Retail sales have shown signs of improvement in
  March and April 2020.


  Sources: EIU Market Indicators & Forecasts (Apr 2020),
           National Bureau of Statistics of China                                  Source:   Jones Lang LaSalle

                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report   19
Headwinds and Trends | Operating Landscape




     Property Market
     The commercial real estate investment market was adversely affected and most of the property transaction
     activities occurred in January 2020 before the COVID-19 outbreak. In terms of asset class, retail deals were the
     worst hit (-39% YoY) due to social distancing measures and the absence of large deals in Mainland China.
     According to Jones Lang LaSalle, investors still have a strong appetite to invest in Asia Pacific real estate market
     due to dry power that needs to be deployed.

     Link will continue to look for potential investment opportunities prudently in Hong Kong, Mainland China and
     overseas. For details of our portfolio management strategy, please refer to p.31.




     Money Invested In Direct Real Estate Investment in 1Q 2020


     -26% yoy                                                            -62% yoy
     Asia Pacific                                                        Mainland China


     -74% yoy                                                            -68% yoy
     Hong Kong                                                           Singapore

     Source: Jones Lang LaSalle, April 2020




     Credit Outlook
     As investors seek safety in the capital market, the 10-year U.S. Treasury yields
     touched an all-time low of 0.54% in March 2020 in time of heightened uncertainty.
     While the COVID-19 outbreak has the potential to disrupt global supply chains and
     lead to economic recession, market volatility may continue in the short to medium-
     term and credit spread may widen before market stabilises. Companies who are
     highly leveraged will be vulnerable to credit risks.

     Link is mindful of the credit conditions and has shored up our liquidity level to
     ensure a robust financial position. For details of our capital management strategy, please refer to p.33.




                                                                                                                                U.S. 10-year Treasury
      3.5%

      3.0%

      2.5%                                                                                                                      note yield

                                                                                                                                0.65%
      2.0%

      1.5%

      1.0%

      0.5%                                                                                                                      (As at 29 May 2020)
      0.0%
       1-Jan-15   1-Jul-15   1-Jan-16   1-Jul-16   1-Jan-17   1-Jul-17   1-Jan-18   1-Jul-18   1-Jan-19   1-Jul-19   1-Jan-20
                    10-year U.S. Treasury Yield




     Source: Bloomberg




20    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                             Headwinds and Trends | Operating Landscape




Digitalisation
                                                                          >300 million
Digitalisation and new technologies are driving people live and
work. COVID-19 has fuelled the surge of various applications as
people adjust to social distancing and working remotely. Different
electronic platforms are becoming more popular, improvement in            Zoom’s daily meeting participants
operational efficiency with the cloud services is gaining traction for



                                                                          >75 million
sustaining operations during this unprecedented time.

To best support Linkers, we have transitioned to cloud-based email
and storage system and allowed flexible and agile working to
ensure business continuity. Please refer to p.37 for details of how       Microsoft Teams daily users
we strengthen workspace agility.



                                                                          Up 3 times
                                                                          Windows Virtual Desktop usage



                                                                          Source: Zoom/ Microsoft website, April 2020




Shopper Preference                                                       Health and Safety
Food and beverage, services and entertainment tenants                    COVID-19 has raised the alarm on the societal and ecosystem
were seriously affected as Government imposed different                  fragility, highlighting pressing concerns about public health
social distancing measures. However, supermarkets and                    and safety. Some real estate and property managers have
fresh markets have been performing strongly with                         started to take this lockdown period as an opportunity to
consumers shopping for groceries and fresh produce. Many                 re-think the whole business structure and the value chain risk
operators have shifted from traditional bricks and mortar to             vulnerability under such circumstances. A higher level of
omni-channel retail to maximise sales opportunities. As a                service with better public health management is expected to
result, e-commerce has accelerated, particularly for food                prevent the spread of virus at busy shopping centres.
and groceries.
                                                                         Link has maintained a hygienic environment and high service
The retail industry will experience a paradigm shift with                level to serve the communities around us. We actively
rising omni-channel platforms, in particular in the grocery              conducted preparedness and scenario planning which allow
and food-related categories. There will be more                          us to solidify relationships with our stakeholders, monitor
opportunities for community shopping centres to set up                   emerging risks, react swiftly and sustain long-term operations.
delivery pick-up points and establish physical presence for              P.44-47 summarise our risk management approach.
the convenience of shoppers. Download our Park & Dine app
(QR code can be found on inside back cover) to experience
the convenience we have created for you.




+38.9%                                                                   ~2.6 billion
(2023 vs 2019)
                                                                         Estimated global number of
Estimated e-commerce turnover                                            people under a certain degree of
in Hong Kong                                                             lockdown or quarantine

Source: Worldpay Global Payments Report 2020                             Source: World Economic Forum, April 2020




                                                                                                                        Strategic Report   21
Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




PORTFOLIO
GROWTH
Link has a proven track record of
growing the portfolio both organically
and through strategic and careful
acquisitions. The aim is to provide our
Unitholders with steady returns.




96.5% 97.8% 12.6% 29.6%                                                                                -11.6%
     Hong Kong           Mainland China                   Hong Kong       Mainland China                      yoy

          Retail Occupancy                                   Retail Reversion Rate                  Change in Valuation


Overall Financial Results
Revenue and net property income increased by 6.8% and                 Total distributable amount, after adjustments and a
6.9% year-on-year to HK$10,718 million (2019: HK$10,037               discretionary distribution of HK$291 million (2019: HK$53
million) and HK$8,220 million (2019: HK$7,689 million),               million), amounted to HK$5,965 million (2019: HK$5,723
respectively. On a like-for-like basis, revenue and net               million). Distribution per unit (DPU) for the year increased
property income increased by 5.6% and 6.3% year-on-year,              by 5.9% to HK287.19 cents (2019: HK271.17 cents), comprising
respectively.                                                         an interim DPU of HK141.47 cents (2019: HK130.62 cents) and
                                                                      a final DPU of HK145.72 cents (2019: HK140.55 cents).
Valuation of the investment properties portfolio declined
by 11.6% to HK$193,224 million (31 March 2019: HK$218,496
million). As a result, loss for the year, before transactions         A Challenging Year
with Unitholders was HK$17,303 million (2019: profit of               2019/2020 was a challenging year with several unprecedented
HK$20,442 million). Net asset value per unit fell by 13.3% to         events including the social incidents in Hong Kong, the
HK$77.61 (31 March 2019: HK$89.48).                                   global COVID-19 outbreak and the US-China trade war.
                                                                      These events have exerted extreme pressures on
                                                                      Hong Kong and Mainland China.




22    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                            Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




As our Hong Kong portfolio is non-discretionary focused,                          Hong Kong Portfolio
the portfolio has shown resilience and growth in early                            Revenue Analysis
2019/2020. However, the COVID-19 outbreak starting from                           Retail
the first quarter of 2020 has some negative impact to
                                                                                  Link has delivered reasonable retail rental growth despite
our business.
                                                                                  the uncertainties in this challenging business environment.
While the global economy was contracting since early                              During the year, total retail revenue increased by 7.0% on
2020, Link remained agile and helped stakeholders during                          a like-for-like basis.
this challenging time. We established tenant support
                                                                                  Since mid-2019 with the onset of social incidents, we have
schemes in Hong Kong and Mainland China to help our
                                                                                  remained vigilant and strived to maintain normal operations
tenants weather the challenges. Our focus remains on the
                                                                                  of our shopping centres as much as possible. With the
community and stimulating consumer spending and retail
                                                                                  collective effort of our management team, disruption to
sales, taking into consideration the health and safety of
                                                                                  our tenants has been relatively mild.
our tenants and shoppers.
                                                                                  However, towards the end of January 2020, the COVID-19
Management                                                                        outbreak severely dampened consumer sentiment and
As an integral part of the community, we sought to maintain                       affected nearly every single trade category. Food &
stability in our business during these uncertain times. We                        beverage (F&B) tenants, especially Chinese restaurants,
have nurtured our team of professional asset managers to                          suffered due to social distancing measures and many
support the management of our retail, car park and office                         education centres suspended classes during this period. In
facilities across Hong Kong and Mainland China. While the                         April 2020, certain entertainment/service tenants such as
prevailing weakness in economy is hindering the retail                            gymnasiums and massage/beauty centres were also asked
sector, the team is committed to maintaining a close                              to close temporarily by Government.
dialogue with our stakeholders and working together to
ensure a swift recovery.



Revenue Breakdown

                                                                 Year ended                 Year ended                                     Like-for-like basis
                                                                   31 March                   31 March               Year-on-year               year-on-year
                                                                       2020                        2019                   change                      change
                                                                     HK$’M                       HK$’M                         %                            %

Retail rentals:
  Shops (1)                                                             5,592                      5,420                         3.2                        7.6
  Markets/Cooked Food Stalls                                               916                       925                        (1.0)                       2.8
  Education/Welfare and Ancillary                                          139                        137                        1.5                        6.9
  Mall Merchandising                                                       168                        178                       (5.6)                      (1.8)
Expenses recovery and
  other miscellaneous revenue                                             407                        369                        10.3                       11.8
Total retail revenue                                                    7,222                      7,029                         2.7                        7.0

Note:
(1) Rental from shops included base rent of HK$5,525 million (2019:HK$5,322 million) and turnover rent of HK$67 million (2019:HK$98 million).




                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report       23
Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Occupancy rate for the portfolio remained stable at 96.5%                       We maintained our non-discretionary nature with over 64%
as at 31 March 2020. Lease negotiations were susceptible to                     of monthly rent from food-related tenants. Nevertheless,
weak sentiment and as a result, the reversion rate (excluding                   our portfolio was not entirely immune to the softening
short-term leases for less than one year) for the overall                       market and our tenant performance slowed during the year,
portfolio slowed to 12.6% during the year. Average monthly                      particularly after the COVID-19 outbreak. Overall tenants’
unit rent improved mildly by 3.4% year-on-year to HK$70.3                       retail gross sales psf dropped by 1.7%.
psf as at 31 March 2020.


Operational Statistics
                                                 Occupancy rate                                     Reversion rate                            % of total area (1)
                                                  As at                   As at              Year ended                  Year ended                     As at
                                              31 March                31 March                 31 March                    31 March                 31 March
                                                  2020                    2019                     2020                         2019                    2020
                                                     %                       %                       %                            %                        %
Shops                                               96.4                      97.4                    12.1                      21.0                      84.2
Markets/Cooked food stalls                          95.0                      92.2                    18.1                      28.7                        9.0
Education/Welfare and Ancillary                     99.4                      99.5                    12.2                       9.6                       6.8
Total                                              96.5                       97.1                   12.6                       22.5                    100.0

Note:
(1) Total excluding self-use office.



Portfolio Breakdown

                                                  Retail
                                 No. of      properties
                             properties       valuation      Retail rentals          Average monthly unit rent                    Occupancy rate
                                                  As at      Year ended                    As at                 As at             As at                 As at
                                              31 March         31 March                31 March              31 March          31 March              31 March
                                                  2020             2020                    2020                  2019              2020                  2019
                                                HK$’M            HK$’M                  HK$ psf               HK$ psf                 %                     %
Properties
Destination                             6        27,599               1,381                  91.1                86.7                  93.3               95.4
Community                              35        69,948              3,815                  77.5                  75.2                 96.9                97.7
Neighbourhood                          57        29,968               1,619                 50.1                 48.4                  97.4               97.0
Total                                  98       127,515              6,815                  70.3                 68.0                  96.5                97.1




24      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                             Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




                                                                                Trade Mix
                                          By monthly rent                    (As at 31 March 2020)         By leased area

                                              28.9%                          Food and beverage                29.6%
                                              20.6%                    Supermarket and foodstuff               17.1%
                                              14.6%                 Markets/ cooked food stalls                8.8%
         Trade Mix                            11.1%                               Services                    10.7%                 Trade Mix
        (by monthly rent)                      5.7%                     Personal care/ medicine                3.8%                 (by leased area)

                                              0.9%               Education/ welfare and ancillary              7.0%
                                              0.9%                            Valuable goods      (1)
                                                                                                               0.5%
                                              17.3%                               Others    (2)
                                                                                                              22.5%

                                             100.0%                                 Total                     100.0%



Looking into different trade categories, Supermarket and                                  During the year, rent-to-sales ratio of our Hong Kong
foodstuff tenants have done exceptionally well and grew                                   portfolio was steady at 14.7% while those of F&B,
by 8.3% in gross sales psf. F&B tenants’ gross sales psf                                  Supermarket and foodstuff and General retail tenants were
recorded negative growth of 3.4%. Gross sales psf of General                              15.7%, 11.9% and 16.8%, respectively.
retail tenants has shrunk by 6.8%. We expect Supermarket
                                                                                          While Hong Kong economy and consumption is likely to
and foodstuff tenants continue to show resilience while
                                                                                          remain under pressure for the rest of 2020, Link has been
other tenants will continue to suffer as long as social
                                                                                          working hand-in-hand with tenants to ride through this
distancing measures are in place.
                                                                                          challenge. We have been agile in refining the lease structures
                                                                                          to allow short-term lease extensions in certain expiring
                                                                                          leases. We launched a HK$80 million scheme in February
                                                                                          2020, to support selected small and medium-sized tenants
                                                                                          (SMEs), in particular F&B operators and education centres,
Portfolio Lease Expiry Profile
(As at 31 March 2020)
                                                                                          in the form of granting rent-free periods, reducing rents and
                                                                                          allowing payment by instalments, etc. This support scheme
%
50
                                                                                          was increased to HK$300 million in April 2020 to broaden
                                                                                          our assistance to those sectors that have been hardest
45                                                   44.0
                                              41.3                                        hit since the second half of 2019. To date, equivalent to
40
                                                                                          around 1/3 of our Hong Kong portfolio have been offered
35                                                                                        rental concessions, of which most of them were SMEs and
30                          28.8
                                   26.9
                                                                                          many cases were education centres.
                   25.5
25          23.1
                                                                                          Other concessionary support, including parking discount to
20
                                                                                          school bus operators, antiseptic kit redemption and free
15                                                                                        fruits were offered to promote spending and supporting
10
                                                                 6.8                      the community. We believe the HK$300 million support
5                                                                      3.6                scheme should be sufficient, barring any further drastic
0                                                                                         deterioration of the economy. We are actively working with
           2020/2021       2021/2022         2022/2023      Short-term Lease
                                             and Beyond       and Vacancy
                                                                                          our tenants and the community to overcome these difficult
                                                                                          times. We may consider further concessions subject to
     %@
      ofof
         Total Area
           total area                    % of Monthly Rent
                            % of monthly rent                                             discussions with tenants.




Notes:
(1) Include jewellery, watches and clocks.
(2) Include clothing, department stores, electrical and household products,
    optical, books and stationery, newspaper, leisure and entertainment.

                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report    25
Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Car Parks
Our portfolio of about 57,000 car park spaces in Hong                     However, we remain positive for the medium-term outlook
Kong has been generating steady income given limited                      as car park income per space per month was HK$2,827 for
supply and effective car park management. Car park rental                 the year, still relatively low comparing to the market in
revenue recorded only a small increase of 4.2% on a                       general. In view of increasing operating pressure for school
like-for-like basis, due to the decline in parking demand.                bus operators, a six-month parking discount has been
Hourly parking on the part of out-of-district shoppers fell as            offered to mitigate the impact of school suspensions on
a result of social incidents and COVID-19 related social                  these operators. We will continue to review our tariff
distancing practices. Monthly parking was also impacted by                adjustment plan according to market conditions.
rampant illegal parking.


Revenue Breakdown

                                                           Year ended            Year ended                              Like-for-like basis
                                                             31 March              31 March          Year-on-year             year-on-year
                                                                 2020                   2019              change                    change
                                                               HK$’M                  HK$’M                    %                          %

Car parks rentals:
  Monthly                                                         1,494                1,496                     (0.1)                  8.0
  Hourly                                                           418                  483                  (13.5)                     (8.2)
Expenses recovery and
  other miscellaneous revenue                                        5                     3                 66.7                     150.0
Total car park revenue                                            1,917                1,982                     (3.3)                  4.2



Key Car Park Performance Indicators

                                                                                                    Year ended                  Year ended
                                                                                                 31 March 2020               31 March 2019

Car park income per space per month (HK$)                                                                2,827                        2,719


                                                                                                         As at                       As at
                                                                                                 31 March 2020               31 March 2019

Total valuation (HK$’M)                                                                                 31,732                      35,059

Average valuation per space (HK$’000)                                                                      561                          625




26    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                           Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Office                                                               Expense Analysis
Jointly-developed by Link and Nan Fung Group in 2019, The            On a like-for-like basis, total property expenses increased
Quayside is positioned as a modern hub of commercial                 moderately by 3.6% and net property income margin of
activities and lifestyle. As of the date of this report, we have     Hong Kong portfolio stayed steady at 77.2% (2019: 76.6%).
managed to commit around 80% of the office floor space.
                                                                     Property managers’ fees, security and cleaning expenses
Three additional tenants, including Manulife, a local finance
                                                                     grew 7.9% year-on-year on a like-for-like basis as the
firm, and Adidas, which have collectively committed to take
                                                                     statutory minimum wage was revised up by 8.7% since May
up over two additional floors in total, are joining other blue-
                                                                     2019. Staff costs have declined mainly due to a decrease
chip tenants such as JP Morgan and Gammon. Around 72%
                                                                     in long-term incentive schemes awards as a result of the
of the three-storey retail podium is committed by various
                                                                     drop in unit price. Increments in government rent and rates
tenants mainly F&B outlets to satisfy nearby demand.
                                                                     were partly due to the increase in the rateable value of
                                                                     our properties. The increase in other property operating
                                                                     expenses were mainly due to bad debt provision since
                                                                     the COVID-19 outbreak and the increase in depreciation of
                                                                     the new self-use office.




Property Operating Expenses Breakdown
                                                      Year ended             Year ended
                                                        31 March               31 March             Year-on-year         Like-for-like basis
                                                            2020                    2019                 change       year-on-year change
                                                          HK$’M                   HK$’M                       %                           %
Property managers’ fees, security and cleaning                578                   542                       6.6                         7.9
Staff costs                                                   380                   484                      (21.5)                      (17.0)
Repair and maintenance                                        207                   203                       2.0                         8.9
Utilities                                                     263                   249                       5.6                         4.6
Government rent and rates                                      313                  274                       14.2                       13.5
Promotion and marketing expenses                               113                   131                     (13.7)                      (17.7)
Estate common area costs                                       85                    87                       (2.3)                       7.6
Other property operating expenses                             229                    159                     44.0                        42.9
Total property operating expenses                            2,168                 2,129                       1.8                        3.6




                                                                                                                      Strategic Report       27
Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Mainland China Portfolio                                                                        maintain their competitiveness. It has been encouraging to
Our Mainland China portfolio comprises five properties                                          see tenant businesses returning since mid-March 2020. Even
across the four tier-one cities. During the year, with the two                                  though some entertainment businesses, such as cinemas and
newly acquired properties in 2019, the portfolio contributed                                    gymnasiums are still under certain operational restrictions,
a total revenue of HK$1,448 million and net property income                                     we have seen footfall gradually picking up since April 2020
of HK$1,118 million, representing a 41.1% and 38.5% year-on-                                    with about 60% of previous year’s footfall by May 2020.
year increase, respectively.                                                                    Acquired in 2019, CentralWalk in Shenzhen Futian and Beijing
With over 43% of the area taken up by F&B and Supermarket                                       Jingtong Roosevelt Plaza in Beijing Tongzhou performed
and foodstuff tenants, the four retail properties have                                          satisfactorily and delivered rental reversions of over 40%
capitalised on the everyday spending of residents and                                           during the year. We have received positive feedback on
office workers nearby. The average occupancy remained                                           the trade mix and property management improvements so
at a healthy level of 97.8% as at 31 March 2020. Retail                                         far, and our continuous investments will benefit the assets’
reversion performed well at 29.6% for 2019/2020. The                                            attractiveness and overall value.
portfolio delivered stable performance up until February                                        Our office property in Shanghai Jingan District, Link Square,
2020, when the COVID-19 outbreak forced many of our                                             was comparatively less affected during the year. Office
tenants to close or scale back their businesses due to social                                   occupancy stood at a steady level of 97.4% as at 31 March
distancing measures imposed by the Central Government.                                          2020 and the office reversion rate was 7.1%. Although office
We saw a slump in footfall in the following months due                                          leasing momentum has slowed in view of the COVID-19
to the national lockdown. February and March 2020 were                                          outbreak and increasing supply in Shanghai, we believe Link
quiet months for the shopping centres, and we offered                                           Square will remain competitive in the Shanghai office market
relief measures to affected tenants and aimed to help                                           given its high quality and prime location.


Portfolio Lease Expiry Profile
(As at 31 March 2020)

%
55                                                    53.4 51.7
50
                                                                     44.7
45                                                            43.2
40
35                                      33.4 33.6
30
                               26.6                                                                        Retail
25           24.4                     23.9
                        21.7
                 20.8                                                                                           % of Total Area
20        17.8                                                                                                  % of Monthly Rent
15
10                                                                                                         Office
5                                                                           2.2       2.6                       % of Total Area
                                                                                  0         0
0                                                                                                               % of Monthly Rent
             2020/2021            2021/2022             2022/2023             Vacancy
                                                        and Beyond

Rental     @ of total area                   Office    % of total area
           @ of Monthly rent                           % of monthly rent




28     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                 Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




CentralWalk, Shenzhen                                                                  Jingtong Roosevelt Plaza, Beijing



   Mainland China Portfolio Records
   Stable Performance

   Since 2015, we have progressively expanded our              transitioned to the Link family. We have also expanded
   footprint in Mainland China. With five properties           and reorganised the asset management team to
   located in four tier-1 cities, this network of properties   enhance our relationship with tenants for better
   has yielded encouraging results in the face of immense      implementation of asset management plans.
   challenges. Reversion and occupancy both attained
                                                               Even though the COVID-19 outbreak has caused
   promising levels and we have made significant
                                                               disruption to our Mainland China business in early
   progress in integrations and asset management.
                                                               2020, it is encouraging to see most of the tenants
   Newly acquired in 2018/2019, Jingtong Roosevelt Plaza       were already open for business by end of May 2020
   in Beijing and CentralWalk in Shenzhen, continued to        and overall footfall was back to about 60% as the
   perform well with reversions exceeding our                  same time last year.
   expectations. The operation teams have smoothly




                                                                                                          Strategic Report    29
Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Enhancement
During the year, we have completed seven asset enhancement                      consolidating the retail shops on 3/F, turning 30,467 square
projects with a total capex of HK$789 million, of which                         feet into the largest sports goods outlet in Hong Kong with
four included fresh market upgrades. With 85 asset                              an outdoor trial zone. We have also revamped the fresh
enhancement projects completed since initial public                             market into “Spot Mart” which provides fresh produce and
offering, Link has brought wider shopping choices for                           quick meals from over 50 stores. With a newly refurbished
shoppers and better operating environment for tenants                           façade and upgraded atrium, TKO Spot has become a
that optimise the growth potential of our organic portfolio.                    strategic community centre that is complementary to
We will be extending our asset enhancement strategy                             TKO Gateway, our destination centre only one subway
to Mainland China and we will upgrade CentralWalk in                            station away.
Shenzhen. Being our first enhancement project in Mainland
China, we hope to enhance its market positioning                                Due largely to the higher base and dampened leasing
and re-affirm its appeal as a “must-go” shopping and                            environment as affected by social incidents since mid-2019,
entertainment destination in Futian, Shenzhen.                                  the return on investment (ROI) of some of the projects
                                                                                completed in the year were lower than expected. We expect
The first asset enhancement of Tsz Wan Shan Shopping                            the scale of future enhancement projects going forward will
Centre in the early years of Link had proven to be a success                    be smaller, but we still aim to achieve double-digit ROI as we
and the asset now ranks third in our portfolio in terms                         continue to unleash the potential of the portfolio. With the
of valuation. In 2017/2018, we started its second asset                         prolonged disruptions to retail activities caused by social
enhancement by converting the supermarket and Chinese                           incidents and COVID-19, we will be more selective in
restaurant into new retail shops and reducing duplication                       planning our asset enhancement pipeline.
of trades. This year, we completed another phase of
enhancement which further increased its attractiveness                          Currently, over 20 enhancement projects are underway or
as a sizable community centre with a kid-friendly outdoor                       under planning in Hong Kong and Mainland China, and the
playground on top of new dining and entertainment                               pipeline is extended to 2025/2026. For asset enhancement
elements.                                                                       of CentralWalk in Shenzhen, we have started negotiating
                                                                                with existing tenants on shop relocation or re-layout to
Enhancement of Sheung Tak Plaza in Tseung Kwan O has                            unlock space to upgrade our retail and service offerings.
turned this 22-year-old property into a revitalised attraction                  The enhancement work is expected to commence in the
of the district. With a revamped identity “TKO Spot”, the                       third quarter of 2020. We will remain flexible in planning and
shopping centre is repositioned for healthy living and                          phasing the enhancement projects to maximise economic
wellness to target young individuals living in the area. The                    efficiency and improve asset performance while keeping
French sports goods retailer Decathlon was introduced after                     rental income stream as steady as possible.


Return on Investment of Asset Enhancement Projects Completed in the Year Ended 31 March 2020

                                                                                                             Total project           Estimated return
                                                                                                                    capex              on investment
                                                                                                                   HK$’M                           %(1)

Nam Cheong Place (2)                                                                                                    174                       14.0%
Choi Ming Shopping Centre                                                                                               104                       18.3%
Tsz Wan Shan Shopping Centre                                                                                            157                       10.2%
TKO Spot (2)                                                                                                            183                       12.0%
Fung Tak Shopping Centre (2)                                                                                             60                       15.8%
Hin Keng Market (2)                                                                                                      76                       15.6%
Yiu On Shopping Centre                                                                                                   35                        6.1%

Total                                                                                                                  789

Notes:
(1) Estimated return on investment is calculated based on projected net property income post-project minus net property income pre-project divided by
    estimated project capital expenditures and loss of rental.
(2) Enhancement includes fresh market.



30      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                     Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Asset Enhancement Pipeline

                                                                                             Number of            Estimated costs
                                                                                               projects                   HK$’M

Underway                                                                                               4                         411
Under planning                                                                                      >19                     >1,300

Total                                                                                               >23                      >1,711




Approved Asset Enhancement Projects Underway

                                                                                        Estimated costs                    Target
                                                                                                HK$’M             completion date

Lok Fu Place                                                                                         172                 Late 2020
Kai Tin Shopping Centre                                                                              153                 Late 2020
Choi Yuen Plaza                                                                                      29                  Early 2021
Tai Wo Plaza                                                                                          57                 Early 2021

Total                                                                                                411




Acquisition and Divestment
In December 2019, we announced our first acquisition beyond       We expect Hong Kong assets to account for 70% to 75%
Greater China – 100 Market Street in Sydney, Australia at         of our total portfolio value. Assets in Mainland China and
a consideration of A$683 million. Fully occupied by three         overseas will take up no more than 20% and 10% of our
highly-rated tenants, this 10-storey grade-A office property is   portfolio, respectively. In terms of asset class, retail will
expected to drive stable and sustainable growth with a long       continue to be our focus and office is expected to account for
weighted average lease expiry of over 8 years and ~4% rental      15% to 20% of our expanded portfolio. We will continue to be
escalation per year. The acquisition was completed subsequent     disciplined in selecting the right properties that provide long-
to the end of this financial year on 7 April 2020.                term growth potential to support our inorganic growth and
                                                                  contribute to a quality growth trajectory.
While Hong Kong will remain as Link’s core market, we will
continue to balance between income stability and growth           It is always our intention to hold our assets as long-term
by exploring acquisition opportunities. We prefer properties      investments. Currently, Link has no plan for divestment, but we
in Hong Kong and tier-1 cities in Mainland China and their        will continue to review the productivity of our assets. Proper
surrounding river delta areas. We will also explore gateway       portfolio management will drive us towards long-term value
cities in other developed markets, namely Australia, Singapore,   creation as part of our Vision 2025.
Japan and the United Kingdom, due to their relative market
stability and liquidity, and favourable regulatory environment.




                                                                                                              Strategic Report     31
Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Development                                                                        market comparables via the Direct Comparison approach.
We have developed a grade-A commercial complex via a                               As at 31 March 2020, the total value of our investment
joint venture with Nan Fung Group, namely The Quayside.                            properties decreased by 11.6% to HK$193,224 million (31
It was successfully completed and the occupation permit                            March 2019: HK$218,496 million).
was obtained in May 2019. We now have up to 10% of the                             The value of our Hong Kong retail properties and car
gross asset value for conducting property development and                          parks decreased by 11.5% and 9.5% year-on-year to
related activities pursuant to the Code on Real Estate                             HK$127,515 million and HK$31,732 million, respectively, due
Investment Trusts (the REIT Code) and Link’s trust deed                            to decrease in valuer’s rental projection and capitalisation
(the Trust Deed). As property development allows us to                             rate expansion given the dampened economy and property
build assets to our own specifications and take part in the                        market. Weighted average retail and car park capitalisation
early stages of development phase with lower entry cost,                           rate has expanded from 4.01% as at 31 March 2019 to 4.27%
we will continue to look for suitable development                                  as at 31 March 2020. The Hong Kong office property was
opportunities that can bring long-term attractive yield in                         valued at HK$9,914 million as at 31 March 2020.
terms of both income growth and capital appreciation.
                                                                                   Our properties in Mainland China were valued at HK$25,317
Valuation Review                                                                   million (31 March 2019: HK$28,793 million). The decrease in
Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited, the newly                              valuation of HK$3,476 million is attributable to the decrease
appointed principal valuer of Link pursuant to the                                 in valuer’s estimated market rent and the exchange loss on
requirements of the REIT Code, valued our property portfolio                       translation of HK$1,791 million as a result of the depreciation
using Income Capitalisation approach and cross-referencing                         of Renminbi.



Valuation
                                                                             Valuation                                    Capitalisation Rate
                                                                          As at                      As at
                                                                      31 March                   31 March                   As at                    As at
                                                                          2020                       2019               31 March                 31 March
                                                                        HK$’M                       HK$’M                   2020                     2019
Hong Kong
Retail properties                                                       127,515                   144,096          3.10% – 4.50%           3.00% – 4.20%
Car parks                                                                31,732                    35,059          3.10% – 5.30%           3.50% – 4.80%
Office property                                                           9,914(2)                       –                 3.00%                       N.A.
Property under development                                                     –                   10,548    (1)
                                                                                                                              N.A.                     N.A.

                                                                        169,161                    189,703

Mainland China
Retail properties                                                        19,146                     21,264         4.25% – 4.75%           4.25% – 4.75%
Office property                                                            6,171                     7,529                 4.25%                    4.25%

                                                                         25,317                    28,793

Total valuation                                                         194,478                   218,496

Total valuation of investment properties                                193,224(3)                218,496

Notes:
(1) The commercial property under development — The Quayside — was completed in May 2019.
(2) The amount represents the office portion only of The Quayside.
(3) The amount has excluded two floors of The Quayside which Link has occupied for self-used office and was classified as property, plant and equipment.




32     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                     Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Capital Management                                                if Link achieves sustainability milestones based on our
During the financial year ended 31 March 2020, the global         performance in the Global Real Estate Sustainability
economy was initially dampened by US-China trade                  Benchmark (GRESB). The loans ensure the integration of
tensions and was then sharply hit by the spread of COVID-19.      sustainability best practices into Link’s daily operations.
Global central banks delivered historic easing packages,
                                                                  Debt Profile and Available Funding
including significant quantitative easing by the US Federal
Reserve. The US Federal Reserve reduced interest rate five        As at 31 March 2020, Link’s total debt increased to HK$34.6
times for a total of 2.25%. The lower bound of the Federal        billion (31 March 2019: HK$24.5 billion). Our gearing ratio
Funds Target Rates returned to zero for the first time since      increased to 16.7% (31 March 2019: 10.7%), partly due to the
2015. The 10-year US Treasury bond yield also fell to a record    valuation decline of our investment properties. Our available
low level at 0.5% in March 2020.                                  liquidity remained strong at HK$16.2 billion (31 March 2019:
                                                                  HK$16.1 billion), comprising HK$7.9 billion cash and deposits
HK$ market interest rate was more volatile than US$               (31 March 2019: HK$6.8 billion) and HK$8.3 billion undrawn
market interest rate during the year under review due             committed debt facilities (31 March 2019: HK$9.3 billion). The
to the prolonged social incidents in 2019 and the COVID-19        average life of committed debt facilities remained long at
outbreak in 2020. 1-month HIBOR peaked at 3.0% in April           4.0 years (31 March 2019: 4.0 years). Link’s available funding
2019, fell to 1.1% in early March 2020 but rebound to 2.1% at     was sufficient for at least 24 months of operations without
the end of March 2020.                                            new financing.
Amidst the volatile global financial markets and economic         As at 31 March 2020, the effective interest cost of our
uncertainties, Link remained vigilant to shore up our liquidity   HK$ debt portfolio fell to 2.94% (31 March 2019: 3.12%).
level to ensure financial robustness to both protect any          56.5% of our HK$ debt was maintained at fixed interest
downside and capture any acquisition opportunities.               rate (31 March 2019: 69.8%). The average life of HK$ fixed-
                                                                  rate debt, a measure of the average period of interest rate
New Financing Transactions                                        protection provided by HK$ fixed-rate debt, remained stable
                                                                  at 5.0 years (31 March 2019: 4.8 years).
• In April 2019, Link issued HK$4 billion guaranteed green
  convertible bonds due 2024 at 1.6% per annum. It is the
  first-ever green convertible bond launched globally in          Relevant Investments
  the real estate sector and for Hong Kong issuers.               To better manage our surplus cash and investment
                                                                  capacity to enhance returns to our Unitholders, Link
• In July and August 2019, Link issued HK$716 million 5-year
                                                                  invested HK$2.8 billion in investment-grade bonds with
  notes at 2.28% per annum and HK$1 billion 7-year notes at
                                                                  maturities of up to five years. As at 31 March 2020, the
  2.50% per annum.
                                                                  average maturity of our bond portfolio was 3.1 years.
• In September 2019, Link closed a HK$12 billion 4-year club      The average bond yield was 3.5%, while the credit rating
  loan facility at an all-in interest cost of 0.8% over HIBOR     of the bond portfolio was about BBB+ on average. The
  per annum. The facility received overwhelming responses         fixed income market has been volatile since the COVID-19
  from 18 banks despite the social incidents in Hong Kong         outbreak. While we will continue to monitor the credit
  during the period. It demonstrated the banking market           quality of our investments, we intend to hold them until
  placed great confidence in Link’s business resilience to        their respective maturities. Apart from debt securities, we
  economic cycles.                                                will also explore investment opportunity in listed equities,
• In March 2020, Link raised its maiden sustainability-linked     REITs or property funds in line with the investment strategy
  loan of A$212 million with 5-year maturity from DBS Bank.       approved by Unitholder in 2018, if such investments have
• On 2 April 2020, immediately after the financial year, Link     the potential to generate or enhance strategic opportunities
  has priced HK$1.01 billion 5-year notes at 2.35% per annum.     for Link.
• On 7 April 2020, Link’s first acquisition in Australia,
  100 Market Street in Sydney, was completed. Link raised         Capital Return Programme
  A$414 million from a 5-year term loan from ANZ Bank             In June 2019, Link announced its plan to buyback up to
  domestically to fund the acquisition.                           60 million units as part of our capital return programme.
• In May 2020, Link signed another 5-year sustainability-         Our execution of the buyback programme depends on
  linked loan of HK$1 billion with OCBC Bank.                     market conditions, unit price, trading volume and other
                                                                  regulatory considerations. In the financial year, we bought
All sustainability-linked loans were structured to incorporate
a reduced pricing structure with interest cost savings


                                                                                                              Strategic Report    33
Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




back approximately 52 million units at an average unit price                 Credit Ratings
of HK$81.7 using HK$4.2 billion. In the coming financial year,               In June 2019, Moody’s relaxed the key rating trigger on
we will consider further unit buyback subject to market                      Link from 6.0-6.5 times debt-to-EBITDA to 6.5 times net
conditions and other regulatory requirements.                                debt-to-EBITDA. The latest rating trigger from Moody’s
Following the last divestment completed on 13 March 2019,                    provides Link with a larger debt headroom for potential
we have budgeted a discretionary distribution of about                       acquisitions in the future. On 28 November 2019, Moody’s
HK14 cents per unit per year for three years starting from                   further reaffirmed Link’s “A2/Stable” credit rating. Standard
the financial year ended 31 March 2020. This is to top-up for                and Poor’s and Fitch Ratings also reaffirmed Link’s rating
distribution per unit loss arising from the divestment to the                at “A/Stable” on 13 August 2019 and 13 November 2019
extent the shortfall is not replaced by earnings from new                    respectively.
acquisitions. This discretionary distribution, along with the
announced buyback, is funded by the divestment premium
                                                                             Funding Base
of HK$2.8 billion achieved. Therefore, a discretionary
                                                                             (as at 31 March 2020)
distribution of HK$146 million or HK7.07 cents per unit for
2H 2019/2020 will be included in the final distribution.                     11.6%

Foreign Exchange Management
                                                                                                                                           34.1%
We have arranged approximately RMB600 million and
A$15 million of forward contracts against HK$ to fix our                                             Total debt
RMB and A$ denominated net income in HK$ terms for
                                                                                                   HK$34.6 billion
the 2020/2021 financial year, ensuring distributable income
during the financial year is largely hedged against foreign
currency fluctuations. In 2019/2020, a hedging gain of                       45.1%                                                         6.3%
approximately HK$29 million was realised from our foreign
                                                                                                                                           2.9%
exchange hedging strategy.

                                                                                     HK$
                                                                                   HK$   Bank
                                                                                       Bank   loans
                                                                                            loans                RMB Bank
                                                                                                             RMB Bank loansloans    A$ BankA$ Bank loans
                                                                                                                                            loans
                                                                                     MTN
                                                                                   MTN   (HK$
                                                                                       (HK$   and
                                                                                            and   US$)
                                                                                                US$)             Convertible
                                                                                                             Convertible bondBond
                                                                                                                              (HK$)(HK$)

Committed Debt Facilities (1)
(As at 31 March 2020)

                                                 Fixed               Floating                  Utilised               Undrawn        Total committed
(HK$ billion)                                rate debt(2)           rate debt(2)              facilities               facilities            facilities

Hong Kong
HK$ Bank loans                                      3.0                    8.8                        11.8                   8.3                   20.1
A$ Bank loan                                          –                    1.0                         1.0                     –                    1.0
Medium Term Notes (MTN)                            10.8                   4.8                         15.6                     –                   15.6
Convertible bond (CB)                               4.0                     –                         4.0                      –                    4.0

Sub-Total                                          17.8                   14.6                       32.4                    8.3                   40.7

Mainland China
RMB Bank loans                                        –                    2.2                        2.2                      –                    2.2

Sub-Total                                             –                    2.2                        2.2                      –                    2.2

Total                                              17.8                   16.8                     34.6                      8.3                   42.9

Notes:
(1) All amounts are at face value.
(2) After interest rate swaps.




34      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                           Sustainable Business Strategy | Portfolio Growth




Facility Maturity Profile (1)
(As at 31 March 2020)

                                                                                                                      HK$           RMB                 A$
                                                                                                                     Bank          Bank              Bank           Undrawn
(HK$ billion)                                                             MTN                          CB            loans         loans              loan           facilities               Total

Due in 2020/2021                                                           0.4                           –             0.5            0.1                       –            0.5                   1.5
Due in 2021/2022                                                           1.5                           –             4.0            0.1                       –            1.5                   7.1
Due in 2022/2023                                                           1.2                         4.0             0.3           0.2                        –            0.7                   6.4
Due in 2023/2024                                                            –                            –             7.0           0.2                        –            5.6                  12.8
Due in 2024/2025 and beyond                                               12.5                           –               –            1.6                  1.0                 –                  15.1

Total                                                                     15.6                         4.0            11.8            2.2                  1.0               8.3                  42.9

Note:
(1) All amounts are at face value.



Facility Maturity Profile (1)
(as at 31 March 2020)

HK$ billion

8
                                                                                       7.2
7                                                                                            0.2

6                                     5.6                     5.7                5.6                     5.7                        5.6
                                            0.1                     0.2                                                                   0.2
                                                                    0.3                                        1.0
5
                                                                                                               0.2
4
                                            4.0                     4.0                      7.0
3
                                                                                                               4.5                        5.4
2
                                1.5                                                                                                                                                   1.3
                    1.0                                                                                                1.1                          1.2
1                         0.1                           0.7                                                                  0.2                          0.2                               0.6
              0.5         0.5               1.5                     1.2
                                                                                                                             0.9                          1.0        0.2
                          0.4                                                                                                                                                               0.7
0
              20/21             21/22                   22/23                23/24                      24/25         25/26        26/27           27/28            28/29           29/30 and
                                                                                                                                                                                     beyond
         MTN (HK$ and US$)                        Convertible bond (HK$)                           HK$ Bank loans
      MTN (HK$ and US$)                               Convertible bond (HK$)           HK$ Bank loans                                     RMB Bank loans
       RMB bank loans                             A$ Bank loans              Undrawn facilities
      A$ Bank loans                                   Undrawn facilities

Notes:
(1) All amounts are at face value.
(2) HK$4 billion convertible bond has a maturity of 5 years with a 3-year put option exercisable in 2022/2023.




                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report          35
Sustainable Business Strategy | Culture of Excellence




CULTURE
OF EXCELLENCE
Link’s Culture of Excellence is integral to
Vision 2025 and permeates throughout the
organisation. In 2019/2020, we further
strengthened our value proposition to the
careers of current and future Linkers which
we believe will be the catalyst for Link’s
transformation.
To maintain our productivity and ensure
that our overall compensation components
and other benefits remain competitive, we
regularly review our talent strategy and
plan through workforce planning, total
reward programmes and learning
and development initiatives.




          1,026                                         18.6%                        48.5% 51.5%
                                                                                              Male                   Female
Number of Linkers in Hong
Kong and Mainland China                            Staff Attrition Rate(1)                        Staff Diversity


Board Operations
Link’s Board continues to evolve and strengthen, focusing on          • Financial flexibility: Making sure the business not only
oversight and fiduciary matters and also guiding Link’s long-           stays healthy, but also has the flexibility to expand
term strategy, risk management, talent management and                   should opportunities arise
remuneration system for a sustainable business. The input             • Risk management: Updating how we approach risk
and guidance from the Board, particularly in 2019/2020, have            management in a continually changing and volatile
been key contributors in ensuring our business remains                  environment
resilient. This includes:
                                                                      • Remuneration: Aligning with management and with the
                                                                        objectives of Vision 2025
                                                                      • Independent Board evaluation: Engaged Russell
                                                                        Reynolds Associates to conduct an independent Board
                                                                        evaluation to ensure and highlight the effectiveness and
Note:
                                                                        contribution of our Board
(1) Data for Hong Kong only.


36    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                 Sustainable Business Strategy | Culture of Excellence




Management Team Development                                       To enhance agility and resilience of the high performing
During the year we re-engineered our organisational               teams, we launched several experiential learning series,
structure to make us more scalable and agile. Most notable        amongst them mindfulness practices to front-line employees
was the setup of a group and regional centre structure,           aiming to build awareness on self-efficacy to better manage
comprising Hong Kong, Mainland China and Australia, in view       the challenging business conditions and stress. To enhance
of an increasingly diverse portfolio. We aim to align             the language proficiency of our colleagues, Mandarin Corner
management practices across regions and enable business           was launched in the first quarter of 2020. Through individual
growth with:                                                      one-on-one virtual meeting session, customised course
                                                                  content was provided by our mandarin tutor to address
• Strategic management meetings in Hong Kong and
                                                                  our colleagues’ varying proficiency level.
  Mainland China
• Annual management retreat to create alignment,                  Strengthening Workplace Agility
  develop collaboration and reshape how we think
                                                                  The unprecedented circumstances arising from social
  and operate
                                                                  incidents and COVID-19 have propelled us to accelerate
                                                                  workplace agility. Flexible work arrangements including
Building a Strong Talent Pipeline                                 flexible hours, remote access technology and contingent
Our focus is to hire for success – acquiring talent with the      policies were implemented. We also devised a precautionary
right mindset, experience and capabilities – to fuel Link’s       protocol to ensure business continuity, workplace safety
high-performing culture and organisational growth. We             and employee wellness. We initiated travel and health
had expanded our C-suite and leadership bandwidth and             declaration protocol ahead of government advice, as the
set up strategic groups and regional centres in February          health and safety of Link’s employees is our top priority.
2020 to support business expansion. We improved our staff
experience with a revamped employee onboarding process.           The 24/7 employee assistance hotline was made available
We also continued to build our young talent pipeline as an        to our employees and their immediate family members,
integral part of our people strategy.                             providing professional counselling support for better
                                                                  mental health.
Retaining Key Talent                                              We conducted an internal pulse check survey to gauge the
Retaining top performers is crucial to Link’s continued success   effectiveness of these emergency measures and to solicit
as they contribute to Link’s bottom line. We re-modelled          feedback on additional areas for improvement. Over 95% of
our performance framework to strengthen alignment                 our staff are satisfied with the measures in place.
between individual job performance and business objectives
to foster a high performance culture with a clear purpose.        Maintaining Employee Engagement
                                                                  It is paramount to keep our employees safe, engaged and
Cultivating Lifelong Learning Environment                         motivated at all times, particularly in a challenging year
LinkEDGE, a revamped learning management system, was              as 2019/2020. Linker’s Panel, our employee committee,
launched in the third quarter of 2019 to provide “anytime,        has been instrumental in gathering regular employee
anywhere” digital learning experience. Leveraging technology      feedback and brainstorming collectively on how we could
to deliver 24/7 accessibility enables individual employees        better support and engage our employees. The panel
to learn at their own pace. They can take competency-             has been steering topics such as wellness, serving the
based learning courses, as well as training on performance        communities, townhall meetings and new sports clubs.
management and governance.
                                                                  Looking Ahead
                                                                  2019/2020 was a volatile and challenging year. We
                                                                  navigated the social incidents and COVID-19 outbreak,
                                                                  and emerged more agile and resilient than ever. Our
                                                                  teamwork and speed to respond on multiple occasions
                                                                  showcased our commitment to excellence and capability in
                                                                  execution. We will remain focused on executing our people
                                                                  strategy, and by doing so to become an Employer of Choice.




                                                                                                               Strategic Report    37
Sustainable Business Strategy | Visionary Creativity




VISIONARY
CREATIVITY
Link’s approach to visionary creativity
manifests itself in three ways. Firstly, as
new products or programmes such as
Park & Dine and Link Together Initiatives.
Secondly, from realising additional value
from our existing assets through
innovation and improvements such
as fresh market revamping. And finally,
by challenging ourselves to identify
with future trends and be a leader in
their developments. The success of
visionary creativity lies in having
a strong corporate culture
where each Linker understands
and knows our business and
is prepared to adapt to new
challenges.




-1.7% -19.1%                                                      93               >1,100 tonnes
         Link                 Overall                             Customer               Reduction of
                                                              Satisfaction Score    Organic Waste to Landfill
       Tenant Sales Growth
          in Hong Kong                                 Customer Engagement          Waste Management




38    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                 Sustainable Business Strategy | Visionary Creativity




Link Together Initiatives: Link Scholars Alumni                 Facilities Management Information
Established in 2015, the Link University Scholarship            Technology (FMIT)
Programme has been supporting outstanding students who          During the year we developed and launched a pilot
are attending universities in Hong Kong as the first in their   FMIT programme to improve four aspects of property
families in three generations. We are immensely proud to        management: better budget control by reducing
have played a part in a defining moment in their young          unplanned maintenance, inventory and asset
lives. The programme remains strong and will continue           management, tracking and reporting of work orders, and
as Link’s flagship community engagement initiative. In          workflow improvement to standardise best practice.
2019/2020 we welcomed 190 new young minds into the
scholarship programme. Since its inauguration in 2015, we       Initial results have been promising. Early piloting at two
have granted a total of 750 scholarships, with 127 students     properties has shown a nearly 30% improvement in response
graduating this year.                                           time for repair and maintenance work orders. We have also
                                                                seen streamlining of crucial property management functions
The journey through academia can be a challenging one.          including site safety, housekeeping and security. We are
To further support our scholars, we created Link Scholars       excited to roll this solution out to the entire portfolio in the
Alumni network to bring our Link Scholars together so they      coming months.
can share experiences and support each other throughout
their academic years and beyond. We also offered                Thought Leadership
them opportunities to apply for our summer internship
                                                                The impact of climate change remains one of our top
programme.
                                                                priorities that we are committed to managing, and
                                                                championing publicly. We have been leading the industry
Design Thinking:                                                through our participation in a United Nations pilot
A tool to enable visionary creativity                           to develop a Task Force on Climate-related Financial
To support our evolution towards a Business as Mutual           Disclosures compliant methodology for the real estate
work ethos, we have begun to implement design thinking          sector. We worked with 25 peer real estate companies and
principles to ignite innovative thinking and problem-solving.   investors to develop a model that estimates the financial
This approach balances intuition and creativity with logic      impact of climate change on property portfolios. The
and systematic reasoning to explore different scenarios our     result of this novel and groundbreaking project provides
business may face. The design thinking process involves         businesses with a quick, easy to understand assessment of
interdisciplinary teams to leverage on different skills and     how climate change may impact real assets.
experiences to come up with robust solutions. We applied
this thinking to our 2019/2020 corporate risk management        Connecting Stakeholders
review with positive results.                                   In the face of social incidents during the reported period,
                                                                Link has been proactively assisting tenants whose
Risk Management 360                                             operations were disrupted. We have stepped up property
We have evolved Link’s enterprise risk management by            management, monitored developments closely and ensured
integrating the “top down/bottom up” approach with              constant communication with our tenants and contractors,
internal and external input, to promote sustainable             with an aim to minimise the adverse impact on both tenants
business practices and a risk sensitive culture so that we      and shoppers.
maximise business outcomes and minimise downside
                                                                COVID-19 hit Hong Kong in January 2020 which has turned
risks. Part of this improvement included transitioning
                                                                the lives of many people upside down. Link has been
from individual department risk exercises to an inclusive,
                                                                supporting tenants’ business operations and shoppers’ daily
inter-departmental scenario-based approach. This allows
                                                                necessity needs by stepping up cleaning to ensure a safe
us to assess what risks and opportunities will arise in the
                                                                and hygienic environment. In addition, we have offered
event of specific scenarios so that we can implement
                                                                support to the shopping centre tenants mostly affected by
holistic mitigation measures. We have identified a
                                                                COVID-19 and school bus patrons of our car parks. During this
range of risks to our portfolio including supply chain
                                                                process, we also assured local community leaders and other
management, food security and health and well-being.
                                                                relevant stakeholders by keeping them informed of our plans
                                                                and actions.




                                                                                                              Strategic Report    39
Sustainable Business Strategy | Vision 2025 In Action




• First foray outside of Greater China —
  acquisition of 100 Market Street in                             Portfolio
                                                                  Growth
  Sydney
• A rare opportunity for stable
  quality income
• Shored up additional cash reserves
  and secured financial flexibility to
  fuel future growth
• Completed seven accretive asset
  enhancement projects
• Transformed Sheung Tak Plaza into
  TKO Spot, a revamped shopping
  centre for healthy living and wellness
• Upgraded four fresh markets with
  Food Lane concept to draw foot traffic




VISION 2025 IN ACTION
Since the launch of Vision 2025 in March 2019, we are seeing the three pillars of
Portfolio Growth, Culture of Excellence and Visionary Creativity taking root across the
organisation. We believe our well-balanced portfolio, empowered by organic and
inorganic growth drivers, is well positioned for the consistent long-term growth.
Asset management, portfolio management and capital management will continue to
be our strengths that serve as solid building blocks for our business to grow.




40    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                 Sustainable Business Strategy | Vision 2025 In Action




Culture
of Excellence

• Set up global and regional headquarters
• Re-designed C-suite structure to expand management bandwidth
• Shaped leadership & Linker’s work behaviour via active
  communication
• Promoted agile leadership and resilient workforce to manage
  unprecedented events
• Customised development and coaching experience for
  future leaders




                                            Visionary                    • Realising our vision to build
                                                                           a thriving community via

                                            Creativity                     placemaking initiatives
                                                                         • Use of FMIT technology to
                                                                           improve operational efficiency
                                                                         • Active in TCFD implementation
                                                                         • Leadership role in UNEP FI
                                                                           Working Group
                                                                         • First in Hong Kong as a landlord
                                                                           to partner with blockchain
                                                                           company for rooftop solar panel
                                                                           installation




                                                                                               Strategic Report    41
Foundation for A Sustainable Business | Corporate Governance




Corporate Governance

Our Corporate Governance Framework
Link believes responsible governance should transcend merely complying with regulatory requirements to become a value
that is embedded within all that we do. Our corporate governance framework identifies the participants and key controls
which interact to ensure that the Board and management run the business of Link in the long-term interests of our
Unitholders whilst also meeting the expectations of our other stakeholders.




     • Vigorous investor relations program to keep                                 • High level of independence
       Unitholders abreast of developments                                         • Diversity in skill, experience, gender
     • Periodic reporting and corporate                                              and ethnicity
       communications in full compliance with                                      • Strong Board process
       REIT Code and Listing Rules                                                 • Periodic performance evaluation
     • Comprehensive sustainability initiatives                                    • Programme of succession and nomination
     • Link Together Initiatives for people living
       in our communities
     • Government and community relations



            UNITHOLDERS AND                                                                  BOARD AND
           OTHER STAKEHOLDERS                                                             BOARD COMMITTEES


                                                                   Our Corporate
                                                                    Governance
                                                                    Framework



                                                                                           REGULATORY AND
                  MANAGEMENT
                                                                                           OTHER OVERSIGHT

     • Vision, Mission and Values, embedded as                                     • SFC oversight through REIT Code and
       Link culture                                                                  SFO compliance and inspection
     • Clear delegation of authority between                                       • Trustee oversight through Trust Deed and
       Board and management                                                          periodic inspections
     • Regular updates to Board                                                    • External audit and review
     • Risk management framework and internal                                      • Stringent internal audit system
       control                                                                     • Whistle-blowing policy




42     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                        Foundation for A Sustainable Business | Corporate Governance




The Board
The Board is central to the operation of Link’s corporate governance framework which provides for effective oversight
and control. Under the direction of the Board, Link has implemented comprehensive systems and procedures designed to
promote Link’s long-term success and deliver sustainable value to Unitholders and other stakeholders.
Led by the Chairman, the Board sets strategy and risk appetite, leads and provides insight to management, and monitors
business progress against agreed business targets. This is achieved through:
• strong independence of the Board and the Board Committees
• clear division of duties between the Board and the Board Committees
• clear division of responsibility between the Board and management
• diversified skills, experiences, expertise, gender and ethnicity among Board members
• strong and transparent Board process




                                                   Oversight and Leadership
    • Strategic direction and risk appetite                       • Approval of asset disposals and acquisitions
    • Providing insight to and monitoring of management           • Oversight of relationships with Government
    • Approval of annual budget and key corporate actions           and external bodies



Audit and
Risk Management
                        100%                                                       Nomination               75%
Committee               INEDs                                                      Committee                INEDs
Key duties:                                                                        Key duties:
• Review of ﬁnancial reports and oversight                                         • Board performance evaluation
  of the integrity of the ﬁnancial statements                                      • Review of Board and Board Committee
• Risk management and compliance monitoring                                          structure and composition
• Internal control and ﬁnancial reporting system                                   • Evaluation of candidates for
• Review auditor’s audit and non-audit                                               succession planning
  services performance, fees, terms of
  engagement and auditor’s
  independence



                                                       BOARD

Finance and
Investment              72%                                                        Remuneration
                                                                                                            100%
Committee               NED/INEDs                                                  Committee                INEDs
Key duties:                                                                        Key duties:
• Capital management and treasury policies                                         • Approval of human resource policies
• Approval and monitoring of capital expenditure                                   • Approval of remuneration of senior
• Approval of asset enhancement projects                                             management and recommending the
                                                                                     remuneration of Directors for Board approval
• Financing decisions and review of asset
  disposals and acquisitions                                                       • Administering the grant and vesting of
                                                                                     awards under the Long-term
                                                                                     Incentive Schemes


                                                                                                              Strategic Report   43
    Foundation for A Sustainable Business | Risk Management




    Risk Management

    We view risk management as a key enabler to achieve our strategic objectives. We
    are vigilant in continuously monitoring our business environment for threats and
    opportunities.


    Our business operates in a dynamic environment, influenced                          Link’s risk management approach strives to identify risks
    by economic cycles, driven by the needs of tenants and                              before they impact our activities. Such early detection
    shoppers, evolving local preferences and values, and                                ensures we are in an ideal position to mitigate those risks,
    opportunities for growth. These external factors                                    and to improve our business by capitalising on associated
    continually change the risks faced by our business, many of                         opportunities that may arise. Risk management is ultimately
    which are unavoidable and must be appropriately addressed                           about ownership and control. For all our key risks, we have
    if we are to achieve our strategic objectives. Social incidents                     established key risk indicators (KRI) mitigating controls and
    and public health were the most prominent external factors                          identified appropriate ownership. Our assurance activities
    in 2019/2020 and their impacts will likely linger for several                       focus on constant assessment of the mitigating controls
    years, together with climate change, environmental impacts                          so we can continually gauge their effectiveness.
    and risks associated with adoption of new technology. Our
                                                                                        Our historically robust risk management approach
    early recognition and subsequent swift response to these
                                                                                        evolved in 2019/2020. One-off, individual department
    challenges have helped in protecting our current tenants
                                                                                        interviews were replaced by a series of interdepartmental,
    and shoppers’ interests and have even helped us attracting
                                                                                        scenario-based workshops. This integrated approach nurtures
    new tenants into our portfolio. In addition, Link and the
                                                                                        innovative thinking about possible future paths the business
    global real estate sector face a battery of emerging “new
                                                                                        may face and encourages early development and ongoing
    normal” challenges including ongoing social distancing,
                                                                                        monitoring and identification of the potential future
    heightened focus on health and well-being, and food safety.
                                                                                        challenges. This will be a very valuable tool to achieve
                                                                                        Vision 2025 and our understanding of working with
                                                                                        Business as Mutual.




    How Our Risk Management has Evolved


Function
                            Largely a compliance exercise to                                   Insight to understand and overcome
                            minimise and mitigate risk                                         uncertainties that surround our business


                                                                                               CO-CREATED REGISTERS




Immediate areas to evolve
                            Independently developed department risk registers


                            Peripherally linked to business operations                         INTEGRATED PROCESSES


                            Primarily internal focused                                         ECOSYSTEM FOCUSED


                            Prevents erosion of value and minimises risk                       VALUE CREATION




    44                      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                       Foundation for A Sustainable Business | Risk Management




As part of our Business as Mutual approach, we recognise                   Link is open to taking risks, providing those risks align with,
continuity of our business is dependent on the strength of                 and help us to achieve, our strategic objectives in a responsible
our relationship with business partners. In this regard we                 way and within agreed parameters. Link will, wherever possible,
engaged our business partners and solicit their feedback.                  remove risks completely that impede achieving our strategic
We have merged the corporate risk register and sustainability              objectives. If avoidance is impossible, Link will seek to mitigate
materiality matrix, resulting in a comprehensive risk matrix               risk by investing in effective controls, or by sharing risks with
that is aligned with the interests of our key business partners.           a third party. These controls are managed and monitored to
                                                                           give assurance that the risk level is in accordance with the
Our Appetite for Risk                                                      parameters set by the Board. Our overriding principle of care
The Board’s appetite for risk is a statement of the degree                 remains integral to achieving Vision 2025. We continually
of risk the Group is prepared to accept in order to achieve                review the risks that affect our business to ensure we
Vision 2025. The statement reflects the involvement the                    maintain our responsibilities to our many stakeholders.
Board takes in matters of risk and the shared understanding
of the risk management practices operated and their degree
of effectiveness.

                                                           Three lines of defence


                                                                                BOARD OF DIRECTORS/AUDIT AND
                            SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                 RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE



                       1st line                   2nd line                                       3rd line
                       of defence                  of defence                                    of defence
                    Internal control            Risk Oversight                            Independent Assurance
                      Operational              Risk Management                                 Internal Audit
                     Management            and Compliance Functions




                            REGULATORS                                TRUSTEE                      EXTERNAL AUDIT


Residual Risk Heat Map

                                                                                                    A – Asset Maintenance and Enhancement
         Critical                                                                                   B – Business Integrity and Compliance
                                                                                                    C – Climate, Health and Well-being

                                                                                E                   D – Corporate Reputation
                                                                                                    E – Economic and Political Turmoil
                                                                                                    F – Financial Stability
                                  G                H                            C                   G – Information System and Technology
Impact
                                                                                                    H – Portfolio Management
                                                                                                    I – Supply Chain and Procurement
                                  J    D    B      A   I                        F
                                                                                                    J – Talent



  Insignificant



                     Rare                                                       Almost Certain

                                                   Likelihood
                                                                                                                          Strategic Report   45
  Foundation for A Sustainable Business | Risk Management




  Link’s Principal Risks
        Financial        Placemaking           Innovation           Talent      Relationship     Environmental


Classification            Principal risks                    Risk descriptions                   Key mitigating measures

Operational Risk          Asset Maintenance and              Inadequate maintenance over         • Continuous monitoring of
                          Enhancement                        Link's existing properties or         properties and project status/
                                                             monitoring on development/            progress
                                                             asset enhancement projects may
                                                                                                 • Engage experienced business
                                                             have a material adverse impact
                                                                                                   partners or consultants to work
                                                             to Link’s return on investment.
                                                                                                   on projects

Compliance and            Business Integrity and             Significant time and resources      • Trainings on regulatory
Governance                Compliance                         may be required to cope with          requirements for relevant staff
                                                             internal policies and procedures,
                                                                                                 • Legal advices to be sought from
                                                             latest legal and/ or regulatory
                                                                                                   in-house legal counsel or external
                                                             changes so as to prevent any
                                                                                                   legal consultant when necessary
                                                             fraud, non-compliance and
                                                             unlawful activities.

External Force            Climate, Health and                Inadequate planning, monitoring     • Regular review of crisis
                          Well-being                         and handling of crisis from           management and business
                                                             natural catastrophes, spread of       resumption plans
                                                             contagious diseases or other
                                                                                                 • Dedicated team to monitor the
                                                             unanticipated health and safety
                                                                                                   safety condition at project sites
                                                             incidents lead to business
                                                             interruption of Link and its
                                                             tenants.

Strategic Risk            Corporate Reputation               Additional effort to cope with      • Dedicated teams to handle media/
                                                             public criticisms, media scrutiny     public enquiries
                                                             and other negative actions may
                                                                                                 • On-going monitoring and
                                                             harm Link’s brand value,
                                                                                                   understanding of stakeholders’
                                                             relationships with our
                                                                                                   view on Link
                                                             stakeholders, investor
                                                             confidence and shoppers’            • Established policy for
                                                             experiences.                          communication and branding

External Force            Economic and Political             Macroeconomic and financial         • Continuous monitoring of key
                          Turmoil                            volatilities as well as change of     economic indicators and political
                                                             political landscape create            agenda
                                                             difficulties or uncertainties
                                                                                                 • Continuous focus on non-
                                                             towards the operating
                                                                                                   discretionary retail market
                                                             environment of Link and its
                                                                                                   segment
                                                             tenants.
                                                                                                 • Dedicated asset managers
                                                                                                   overseeing performance of assets
                                                                                                   in Link’s portfolio
                                                                                                 • Maintaining direct and open
                                                                                                   dialogue with the community to
                                                                                                   enhance transparency



  46    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                  Foundation for A Sustainable Business | Risk Management




Classification     Principal risks          Risk descriptions                    Key mitigating measures

Strategic Risk     Financial Stability      Existing strategies on leasing       • Finance and Investment
                                            activities, capital management         Committee oversees key financial
                                            and cost control may not allow         matters
                                            Link to achieve financial targets
                                                                                 • Apply prudent capital
                                            amid slumping global economy
                                                                                   management strategy and
                                            and challenging business
                                                                                   maintain diversified sources of
                                            operating environment.
                                                                                   financing
                                                                                 • Tenant and trade mix strategies to
                                                                                   cope with the needs of individual
                                                                                   assets
                                                                                 • Direct and on-going engagement
                                                                                   with existing and potential tenants


Operational Risk   Information System and   Link may not be sufficiently         • Regular review and update of IT
                   Technology               prepared to support the growing        infrastructure
                                            business scale, prevent/ detect
                                                                                 • Periodic cybersecurity awareness
                                            and respond to the ever-
                                                                                   trainings and exercises
                                            changing cyber-threats which
                                            may cause business interruption      • Established policy or guidelines for
                                            and/ or leakage of confidential        the uses
                                            information.                           of information technology


Strategic Risk     Portfolio Management     Fundamental assumptions and          • Regular evaluation of investment
                                            processes that underpin                strategies and decisions
                                            investment and disposal
                                                                                 • Established policies for acquired
                                            strategies are undermined which
                                                                                   businesses to align operational
                                            hinder Link’s ability to build a
                                                                                   practices
                                            productive portfolio.


Operational Risk   Supply Chain and         Unanticipated service/ good          • Established policy or guidelines for
                   Procurement              delivery lead time and                 procurement
                                            inadequate suppliers’ selection
                                                                                 • Monitoring of vendors’
                                            may hinder the operation and
                                                                                   performance
                                            service quality of Link.


Strategic Risk     Talent                   Link’s talent and organisation       • Remuneration Committee
                                            development strategy may not           oversees key talent and
                                            be able to retain key                  remuneration matters
                                            management staff or sufficiently
                                                                                 • Dedicated team responsible for
                                            contribute to talent diversity
                                                                                   organisation development
                                            affecting our ability to
                                            maintain a high performing
                                            workforce for sustainable
                                            business development.




                                                                                                   Strategic Report    47
Investor Information




Investor Information

Listing of the Units
Link’s Units are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 823) in board lot size of 100 Units. The Board has
announced on 13 November 2019 the change of board lot size of the Units from 500 Units to 100 Units with effect from
9:00 a.m. on Thursday, 2 January 2020.
There were 2,057,898,386 Units in issue as at 31 March 2020. Further details of Units in issue are set out in Note 27 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Financial Calendar
 Final results announcement for the financial year ended 31 March 2020                                                                           1 June 2020
 Ex-final distribution date                                                                                                                     12 June 2020
 Closure of register of Unitholders (for final distribution)(1)                                                                      16 June to 18 June 2020
                                                                                                                                        (both days inclusive)
 Record date for final distribution                                                                                                             18 June 2020
 Announcement of distribution reinvestment scheme                                                                                               18 June 2020
 Despatch of distribution reinvestment scheme circular and related documents                                                                   26 June 2020
 Announcement of Unit price for scrip in lieu of a final cash distribution                                                                        7 July 2020
 Final date for scrip election(2)                                                                                                                15 July 2020
                                                                                                                                     not later than 4:30 p.m.
 Closure of register of Unitholders (for the 2020 AGM)(3)                                                                             17 July to 22 July 2020
                                                                                                                                       (both days inclusive)
 2020 AGM                                                                                                                                       22 July 2020
 Final distribution payment date                                                                                                                30 July 2020
 Interim results announcement for the six months ending 30 September 2020                                                                   November 2020

Notes:
(1) In order to qualify for the final distribution of HK 145.72 cents per Unit for the year ended 31 March 2020, Unitholders should ensure that all transfer
    documents accompanied by the relevant unit certificates must be lodged with Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
    Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 15 June 2020.
(2) A distribution reinvestment scheme is made available to eligible Unitholders who may elect to receive the final distribution for the year ended 31 March
    2020 wholly in cash or wholly in new Units or a combination of both. For those Unitholders electing for scrip, the relevant election form must be
    returned to and reach Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (at the address above) not later than 4:30 p.m.
    on 15 July 2020. Unitholders should note that any election form arrived/received after the aforesaid deadline will be taken as invalid.
(3) In order for Unitholders to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2020 AGM, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant unit certificates must be
    lodged with Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (at the address above), for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on
    16 July 2020.




48     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                      Investor Information




Financial reports, announcements, circulars, notices, other    Index Inclusion
corporate communications, press releases and other investor    Link is a component of the following selected indices:
information of Link are available online at Link’s corporate
website: Linkreit.com. To promote environmental protection,    Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index
we recommend you to view our publications online at our        FTSE4Good Index Series
corporate website instead of using printed copies.             FTSE Global Equity Index Series
                                                               FTSE Global Minimum Variance Index Series
Investor Relations Contact                                     FTSE EPRA(1) NAREIT(2) Index Series
Address:           20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,               FTSE RAFI Index Series
                   77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong,
                                                               GPR(3) 250 (World) Index
                   Kowloon, Hong Kong
                                                               GPR(3) 250 Asia Index
Telephone:         (852) 2175 1800
                                                               GPR(3) 250 Asia Pacific Index
Facsimile:         (852) 2175 1900
                                                               GPR(3) 250 Hong Kong Index
Email:             ir@linkreit.com
                                                               GPR(3) 250 REIT (World) Index
                                                               GPR(3) 250 REIT Asia Index
                                                               GPR(3) 250 REIT Asia Pacific Index
                                                               GPR(3) 250 REIT Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3) General (World) Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Asia Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Quoted (World) Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Quoted Asia Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Quoted Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3) Global 100 Index
                                                               GPR(3) IPCM LFFS Sustainable GRES Index
                                                               Hang Seng Index
                                                               Hang Seng REIT Index
                                                               Hang Seng Composite Index
                                                               Hang Seng HK 35
                                                               Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index
                                                               MSCI(4) All Country World Index
                                                               MSCI(4) All Country Asia ex-Japan Index
                                                               MSCI(4) World Index
                                                               MSCI(4) Hong Kong Index
                                                               MSCI(4) AC Asia Pacific Real Estate Index
                                                               MSCI(4) AC Asia ex Japan IMI REITS Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Composite Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Composite Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Composite REIT Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Composite REIT Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Investable 100 Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Investable 100 Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Investable REIT 100 Index




                                                               Notes:
                                                               (1) European Public Real Estate Association
                                                               (2) National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts
                                                               (3) Global Property Research
                                                               (4) Morgan Stanley Capital International
                                                               (5) Asia Pacific Real Estate Association

                                                                                                                  Strategic Report     49
Definitions and Glossary




Definitions and Glossary

 2007 LTI Plan                            the long-term incentive plan of Link adopted by Unitholders on 23 July 2007 and expired on
                                          22 July 2017

 2017 LTI Scheme                          the long-term incentive scheme of Link adopted by the Board on 10 July 2017

 2019 AGM                                 the annual general meeting of Unitholders held on 24 July 2019

 2020 AGM                                 the annual general meeting of Unitholders scheduled to be held on 22 July 2020

 Articles                                 articles of association of the Manager

 AUM                                      asset under management

 average monthly unit rent                the average base rent plus management fee per month psf of leased area

 Award(s)                                 Restricted Unit Award(s), or Conditional Cash Award(s), or a combination of both granted
                                          under the 2017 LTI Scheme

 base rent                                in respect of a lease, the standard rent payable under the lease, exclusive of any additional
                                          turnover rent (if applicable) and other charges and reimbursements

 Board or Board of Directors              board of Directors of the Manager

 Chairman                                 Chairman of the Board (unless the context requires otherwise)

 Board Committees                         the committees of the Board to discharge the duties set out in their respective terms of
                                          reference as approved by the Board which, as at the date of this report, include the Audit
                                          and Risk Management Committee, the Finance and Investment Committee, the Nomination
                                          Committee and the Remuneration Committee, and “Board Committee” refers to any one
                                          of them

 CEO                                      Chief Executive Officer of the Manager

 CFO                                      Chief Financial Officer of the Manager

 China or Mainland China or               The People’s Republic of China and if the context requires, exclude Hong Kong
 PRC

 CLO                                      Chief Legal Officer of the Manager

 Compliance Manual                        the compliance manual of the Manager which sets out (among others) the key processes,
                                          systems and measures in respect of Link’s operations and the corporate governance policy
                                          of Link

 Conditional Cash Award(s)                conditional right to receive cash payment(s) granted to a participant in accordance with
                                          the rules of the 2017 LTI Scheme and the relevant grant letter(s)

 CSO                                      Chief Strategy Officer of the Manager

 Director(s)                              director(s) of the Manager

 DPU                                      distribution per Unit in respect of the total distributable amount of Link for a financial year/
                                          period

 ED(s)                                    Executive Director(s) of the Manager (unless the context requires otherwise)

 ESG                                      environmental, social and governance

 EUPP                                     employee unit purchase plan, pursuant to which an eligible employee who meets the
                                          prescribed criteria is entitled to subsidy from the Manager for purchasing, through an
                                          independent third party intermediary, Units in the open market in accordance with the
                                          rules of the plan


50     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                      Definitions and Glossary




GAV                            gross asset value (and as calculated in the manner set out in the Trust Deed)

GAV Cap                        10% of Link’s gross asset value (and as calculated in the manner set out in the Trust Deed)
                               as a cap to property development activities of Link under the REIT Code

Group                          Link and its subsidiaries (unless the context requires otherwise)

Hong Kong or HKSAR             Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

Hong Kong Stock Exchange or    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Exchange or SEHK

INED(s)                        Independent Non-Executive Director(s) of the Manager (unless the context requires
                               otherwise)

KPI(s)                         Key Performance Indicator(s)

KRI                            Key Risk Indicators

lease                          a lease or a tenancy agreement (both of which grant a possessionary interest) or a licence
                               (which merely constitutes an authority to do something) in respect of premises at the
                               properties granted to a tenant

like-for-like                  excluding any properties acquired, divested and/or newly operational (as applicable) during
                               the periods under analysis

Link or Link REIT              Link Real Estate Investment Trust

Link Corporate Governance      the corporate governance policy set out in the Compliance Manual
Policy

Link Securities Dealing Code   the code governing dealings in securities of Link by Directors and senior management of
                               the Manager

Listing Rules                  Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

Listing Rules Corporate        Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report contained in Appendix 14
Governance Code                to the Listing Rules

Long-term Incentive Schemes    2007 LTI Plan and 2017 LTI Scheme, and “Long-term Incentive Scheme” is any one of them

Manager                        Link Asset Management Limited, which is the manager of Link

market capitalisation          the market value of the REIT calculated by multiplying the number of units in issue by the
                               prevailing unit price quoted on the Stock Exchange

Maximum Cap                    25% of Link’s GAV as a cap to the total sum of: (i) Link’s aggregate development costs (has
                               the meaning ascribed to it in the Trust Deed); and (ii) the combined value of the Relevant
                               Investments together with other non-real estate assets of Link calculated in accordance
                               with the REIT Code

MTN                            note(s) issued or to be issued from time-to-time pursuant to the Guaranteed Euro Medium
                               Term Note Programme established by The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited (a wholly-
                               owned subsidiary of Link) in May 2009

NED                            Non-Executive Director of the Manager (unless the context requires otherwise)

NGO(s)                         Non-governmental organisation(s)



                                                                                                      Strategic Report     51
Definitions and Glossary




 NPI                                      net property income, being total revenue less direct property related expenses

 occupancy rate                           the aggregated leased area as a percentage of total leasable area

 Principal Valuer                         the Principal Valuer (as defined in the REIT Code) of Link, which is currently Colliers
                                          International (Hong Kong) Limited

 psf                                      per square foot

 REIT(s)                                  real estate investment trust(s)

 REIT Code                                Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts issued by the SFC

 Relevant Investments                     the financial instruments permissible from time-to-time under the REIT Code for Link to
                                          invest in, including (without limitation): (i) securities listed on the Stock Exchange or other
                                          internationally recognised stock exchanges; (ii) unlisted debt securities; (iii) government
                                          and other public securities; and (iv) local or overseas property funds

 Restricted Unit Award(s)                 conditional right to receive Units granted to a participant in accordance with the rules of
                                          the 2017 LTI Scheme and the relevant grant letter

 reversion rate                           the percentage change in psf average unit rent between old and new leases on the same unit

 RMB                                      Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

 SFC                                      Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong

 SFO                                      Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

 SPV(s)                                   special purpose vehicle(s) (within the meaning of the REIT Code and the Trust Deed)

 sq ft                                    square feet

 TCFD                                     Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

 tenant                                   a lessee, a tenant or a licencee (as the case may be) under a lease

 total distributable amount               total distributable amount for a financial year/period is the total distributable income and
                                          any additional amount (including capital) that the Manager has determined to be
                                          distributable

 total distributable income               the consolidated profit after taxation attributable to Unitholders (equivalent to profit for
                                          the financial year/period, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to Unitholders)
                                          adjusted to eliminate the effect of certain non-cash adjustments

 Trust Deed                               the trust deed dated 6 September 2005 between the Trustee and the Manager constituting
                                          Link, as amended and supplemented by 13 supplemental deeds

 Trustee                                  trustee of Link, which is currently HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited

 turnover rent                            rent calculated and charged by reference to a pre-determined percentage of a tenant’s
                                          gross sales turnover in excess of the base rent

 Unit(s)                                  unit(s) of Link (unless the context requires otherwise)

 Unitholder(s)                            holder(s) of Unit(s) of Link

 yoy                                      year-on-year




52     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                   Corporate Information




Corporate Information

Board of Directors of the Manager                  Principal Valuer
Chairman                                           Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited(11)
Nicholas Charles ALLEN                             Jones Lang LaSalle Limited(12)
  (also an Independent Non-Executive Director)
                                                   Registered Office of the Manager
Executive Directors                                20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,
                                                   77 Hoi Bun Road,
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
                                                   Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
  (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                   Hong Kong
NG Kok Siong(1)
  (Chief Financial Officer)
Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(2)
                                                   Town Office of the Manager
  (Chief Operating Officer)                        Suite 3004, 30/F.,
                                                   9 Queen’s Road Central,
                                                   Hong Kong
Non-Executive Director
Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                                Unit Registrar and Transfer Office
                                                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Independent Non-Executive Directors                Shops 1712-1716, 17/F.,
Christopher John BROOKE                            Hopewell Centre,
Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Blair Chilton PICKERELL                            Telephone: (852) 2862 8555
Poh Lee TAN
May Siew Boi TAN                                   Media Enquiry Contact
Peter TSE Pak Wing                                 Address:               20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,
Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                                        77 Hoi Bun Road,
Elaine Carole YOUNG                                                       Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
                                                                          Hong Kong
Company Secretary of the Manager                   Telephone:             (852) 2175 1800
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG(3)(4)                         Facsimile:             (852) 2175 1938
Ricky CHAN Ming Tak(5)                             Email:                 mediarelations@linkreit.com

Responsible Officers of the Manager(6)             Customer Service Contact
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                          Hotline:               (852) 2122 9000
NG Kok Siong(7)
Eric YAU Siu Kei                                   Websites
Christine CHAN Suk Han                             Linkreit.com         (corporate website)
Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(8)                            Linkhk.com           (customer website)

Authorised Representatives(9)                      Mobile App
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY       (10)

Kenneth Tai Lun WONG(3)
Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(2)
Ricky CHAN Ming Tak(5)

Trustee
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited
                                                   Notes:
                                                   (1) Appointed on 1 February 2020   (7) Appointed on 18 November 2019
Auditor                                            (2) Resigned on 2 October 2019     (8) Resigned on 20 December 2019
PricewaterhouseCoopers                             (3) Appointed on 28 August 2019    (9) Required by the Listing Rules
                                                   (4) email: cosec@linkreit.com      (10) Appointed on 2 October 2019
                                                   (5) Resigned on 28 August 2019     (11) Appointed on 17 November 2019
                                                   (6) Required by the SFO            (12) Retired on 17 November 2019
Link Real Estate Investment Trust
Linkreit.com
ANNUAL
ANNUAL
REPORT
REPORT
 2019//2020
2019    2020                    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                  Stock code: 823

 Governance, Disclosures and
Governance,
 Financial     Disclosure and
           Statements
Financial Statements
About Link
Link Real Estate Investment Trust is Asia’s        About this Report
largest REIT and one of the world’s largest        We produce this standalone Governance, Disclosures and
                                                   Financial Statements report in order to improve reporting
REITs (with focus on retail) in terms of market    transparency by making information easily and readily
                                                   accessible to interested parties. This report complements our
capitalisation. With a diversified portfolio, we   2019/2020 Strategic Report which highlights our corporate
aim to deliver sustainable growth and create       performance and values created over the year under review.
long-term value for our Unitholders and all
                                                   Sustainability Website
our stakeholders.                                  Up until 2013/2014, Link prepared separate annual sustainability
                                                   reports which are on our corporate sustainability website.
                                                   Since 2014/2015, we have updated our corporate sustainability
                                                   performance solely on our website: Linkreit.com/en/sustainability/

                                                   Complete 2019/2020 Reports
                                                   and Presentations
                                                   Our complete suite of reports and supporting compliance
                                                   documentation can be accessed and downloaded from our
                                                   corporate website at: Linkreit.com

                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                   Our Strategic Report, compiled according to the International
                                                   Integrated Reporting Council’s International <IR> Framework,
                                                   presents a comprehensive, but concise, overview of how we
                                                   create value for different stakeholders and the progress we are
                                                   making towards our Vision 2025.

                                                   GOVERNANCE, DISCLOSURES AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   This report provides our detailed governance, disclosures and
                                                   financial statements. Governance and disclosures sections
                                                   are prepared in accordance with the REIT Code, applicable
                                                   provisions of the Listing Rules, and other relevant laws and
                                                   regulations while the consolidated financial statements have
                                                   been prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial
                                                   Reporting Standards, the requirements of the Trust Deed and
                                                   the relevant disclosure requirements of the REIT Code and the
                                                   Listing Rules, and audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers.

                                                   VALUATION REPORT
                                                   This report summarises the valuation of Link’s individual
                                                   properties as conducted by Colliers International (Hong Kong)
                                                   Limited.

                                                   ESG COMPLIANCE DOCUMENTATION
                                                   • Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide
                                                     (ESG Reporting Guide) of Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                                   • Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting
                                                     Standards (GRI Standards) — Comprehensive Options
                                                   • United Nations Global Compact




            Access our corporate website
            for further information
Contents

Introduction                                              Inside front
Governance
  A Well-Governed Business                                          2
  Board Committee Reports
    Report of the Audit and Risk Management Committee              35
    Report of the Finance and Investment Committee                 38
    Report of the Nomination Committee                             40
    Report of the Remuneration Committee                           42
  Regulation and Compliance                                        44
Disclosures
  Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team            56
  Disclosure of Interests                                          65
  Long-term Incentive Schemes                                      69
  Connected Party Transactions                                     76
Link Together Initiatives                                          82
Trustee’s Report                                                   86
Financial Statements
  Independent Auditor’s Report                                     87
  Consolidated Financial Statements
    Consolidated Income Statement                                  92
    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                 93
    Consolidated Statement of Distributions                        94
    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                   95
    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and
      Net Assets Attributable to Unitholders                       96
    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                           97
    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                 98
Valuation Report                                                  144
ESG Compliance
  HKQAA Assurance Statement                                       189
  GRI Content Index                                               190
  SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Index                                  199
  United Nations Global Compact Index                             204
Five Year Performance Summary                                     205
Investor Information                                              208
Definitions and Glossary                                          210
Corporate Information                                     Inside back
A Well-Governed Business

Our Corporate Governance Framework
Link believes responsible governance should transcend merely complying with regulatory requirements to become a value
that is embedded within all that we do. Our corporate governance framework identifies the participants and key controls
which interact to ensure that the Board and management run the business of Link in the long-term interests of our
Unitholders whilst also meeting the expectations of our other stakeholders.




    • Vigorous investor relations program to keep                                 • High level of independence
      Unitholders abreast of developments                                         • Diversity in skill, experience, gender
    • Periodic reporting and corporate                                              and ethnicity
      communications in full compliance with                                      • Strong Board process
      REIT Code and Listing Rules                                                 • Periodic performance evaluation
    • Comprehensive sustainability initiatives                                    • Programme of succession and nomination
    • Link Together Initiatives for people living
      in our communities
    • Government and community relations



           UNITHOLDERS AND                                                                  BOARD AND
          OTHER STAKEHOLDERS                                                             BOARD COMMITTEES


                                                                  Our Corporate
                                                                   Governance
                                                                   Framework



                                                                                          REGULATORY AND
                 MANAGEMENT
                                                                                          OTHER OVERSIGHT

    • Vision, Mission and Values, embedded as                                     • SFC oversight through REIT Code and
      Link culture                                                                  SFO compliance and inspection
    • Clear delegation of authority between                                       • Trustee oversight through Trust Deed and
      Board and management                                                          periodic inspections
    • Regular updates to Board                                                    • External audit and review
    • Risk management framework and internal                                      • Stringent internal audit system
      control                                                                     • Whistle-blowing policy




2     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                       A Well-Governed Business




The Board
The Board is central to the operation of Link’s corporate governance framework which provides for effective oversight and
control. Under the direction of the Board, Link has implemented comprehensive systems and procedures designed to
promote Link’s long-term success and deliver sustainable value to Unitholders and other stakeholders.
Led by the Chairman, the Board sets strategy and risk appetite, leads and provides insight to management, and monitors
business progress against agreed business targets. This is achieved through:
• strong independence of the Board and the Board Committees
• clear division of duties between the Board and the Board Committees
• clear division of responsibility between the Board and management
• diversified skills, experiences, expertise, gender and ethnicity among Board members
• strong and transparent Board process

Board Size, Composition and Appointments
According to the Articles of the Manager, the number of Directors shall not be fewer than nine and shall not be greater than
14. Currently, there are 12 Board members comprising two EDs, being the CEO and the CFO, one NED and nine INEDs. The
Board considers this composition is balanced and facilitates strong independent monitoring and challenge of management
initiatives. Biographies of our Directors as at the date of this report appear on pages 56 to 61 of this report.
Each of our current NED and INEDs is appointed for a term of three years, subject to curtailment upon retirement by rotation
and re-election by Unitholders at annual general meeting. The term, duties and obligations of each NED and INED are set out
in a formal letter of appointment entered into with the Manager; neither the NED nor the INEDs are employees of Link. Each
NED and INED has committed that they will be able to give sufficient time and attention to the Manager on Board matters.
The term of appointment may be renewed upon expiry and up to a maximum of nine years in the case of INED. The NED is not
subject to the maximum nine-year term but is subject to the same requirements of retirement by rotation and re-election by
Unitholders at annual general meetings as the INEDs.
The EDs are both full-time employees of Link. Their employment contracts with the Manager do not stipulate a specific period
of tenure and may be terminated by six months’ written notice by either the Manager or the EDs. The EDs are not subject to
retirement by rotation at annual general meeting. Mr NG Kok Siong, the CFO and one of the responsible officers of the
Manager for the purposes of the SFO, was appointed as an ED with effect from 1 February 2020, in accordance with the Board
diversity and nomination policies. According to the Articles of the Manager, Mr Ng, being a newly-appointed Director, is
subject to retirement for election by the Unitholders at the first annual general meeting following his appointment.
The updates on Directors’ biographical information since Interim Report 2019/2020 are set out on page 47 of this report.




                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   3
A Well-Governed Business




Strong Independence
Our INEDs and the NED bring constructive challenge and critical judgement on management proposals, scrutinise business
performance against goals, and monitor risks and compliance.




                                                                         ADDITIONAL INDEPENDENCE
                                                                         REQUIREMENTS IN LINK
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICY
                                                                         OVER THE REQUIREMENTS UNDER
KEY INDEPENDENCE FEATURES                                                THE LISTING RULES



INEDs cannot serve on the Board beyond
nine years                                                               The Chairman of the Board is an INED




                                                                         Upon expiry of nine years' service on the
All Board Committees are chaired by INEDs                                Board, INEDs can only re-join the Board
                                                                         three years after having stepped down




                                                                         Members of the Finance and Investment
Nine out of 12 Directors are INEDs and one                               Committee may not sit on the Audit and Risk
is a NED                                                                 Management Committee




High majority of INEDs at the Nomination                                 The Audit and Risk Management Committee
Committee and the Finance and Investment                                 and the Remuneration Committee are chaired by
Committee                                                                and are comprised solely of INEDs




4    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                        A Well-Governed Business




The assessment of independence of each of the INEDs is based on the independence criteria set out in the Link Corporate
Governance Policy which is modelled on and, in some aspects, exceeds the independence guidelines of the Listing Rules. We
reference from time-to-time major proxy advisors’ voting recommendations and guidelines in approaching the issue of INED
independence. The Manager met the independence requirements of the Link Corporate Governance Policy throughout the
year under review.


Independence Weighting
                                          Board

                                                                        75%                    8%     17%

                                          2020


                                          2019

                                                                        75%                    8%     17%




Audit and Risk Management Committee                                             Nomination Committee

                                         100%                                                                75%                              25%

2020                                                                            2020


2019                                                                            2019

                                         100%                                                                75%                              25%




Finance and Investment Committee                                                Remuneration Committee

                            58%                   14%           28%                                                  100%

 2020                                                                           2020


 2019                                                                           2019

                            58%                   14%     14%         14%                                            100%




                                 Senior
          INED   NED   ED     management(2)
2020(1)                       N/A
2019(1)




Notes:
(1) 12 members as of 1 June 2020 against 12 members as of 3 June 2019
(2) CFO was a member of the Finance and Investment Committee during the year under review, and was appointed as an ED with effect from 1 February 2020




                                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements        5
A Well-Governed Business




Process of Assessment of Independence of Directors
Assessment of independence of INEDs is carried out before each appointment, annually, and at any other time where the
circumstances warrant review.




    Nomination Committee
    undertakes an annual                                                 An independence assessment forms part of
    assessment to ensure                                                 the potential new INED appointment process
    that all INEDs continue
    to demonstrate strong
    independence and are                                                 Annual independence conﬁrmation from
                                                                         each INED
    free from business or
    other relationships
    which could interfere                                                On-going disclosure of any change in
    with their ability to                                                circumstances affecting his/her independence
    discharge their duties                                               (none during the year under review)
    effectively
                                                                         INEDs’ interests in Link’s businesses to be disclosed
                                                                         (of which there was none during the year
                                                                         under review)



As part of the on-going independence assessment process, Directors have disclosed to the Manager the number and nature
of appointments held in Hong Kong and overseas listed companies and organisations, along with any other significant
commitments. Neither ED held any directorship in any other listed companies during the year. The CEO has participated in
professional bodies, academic and public organisations. Each INED and the NED has indicated the amount of time he/she is
involved in his/her outside-Link commitments and confirmed to the Chairman that he/she has given sufficient time to the
affairs of Link. No current Director held directorships in more than three public/listed companies (excluding Link) during the
year.
The Manager has received from each INED, his/her annual confirmation of independence in accordance with the Link
Corporate Governance Policy. Based on such confirmations, the Nomination Committee assessed and the Board considered
that all the INEDs maintained their independence throughout the year under review and up to the date of this report.
During the year, the INEDs held a closed-session where issues were discussed in the absence of the EDs, the NED and
management.




6    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                        A Well-Governed Business




Clear Delegation Between the Board and the Board Committees
In the course of overseeing management and business performance, the Board is assisted by the Audit and Risk Management
Committee, the Finance and Investment Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Each of
these committees operates under specific terms of reference as approved and reviewed from time-to-time by the Board.
While specific functions are delegated to the Board Committees, matters with critical impact on the Manager and any major
corporate governance issues are specifically reserved for decision or consideration by the Board.
Establishment of working committees or ad hoc committees under the authority of the Board may take place from time-to-
time in light of the business and operational need of the Manager. During the year under review, an ad hoc Board Crisis
Management Committee (the “Board CMC”), comprising the Chairman, three INEDs with financial expertise or expertise in
handling financial crisis management, and members of the top management (CEO, CFO, CSO and CLO), was established in
March 2020 in order to handle any urgent material financial issues, particularly those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. It
was formed and is available to the management as an informal advisory group to discuss the fast changing circumstances in
our markets. The initial term of the Board CMC runs until the end of FY2020/2021, after which it will be reviewed by the Board
on an annual basis.
Matters reserved for the Board and the latest terms of reference of the respective Board Committees are available on our
corporate website: Linkreit.com. The reports of the respective Board Committees are set out on pages 35 to 43 of this report.




                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   7
A Well-Governed Business




                                                      Oversight and Leadership
    • Strategic direction and risk appetite                             • Approval of asset disposals and acquisitions
    • Providing insight to and monitoring of management                 • Oversight of relationships with Government
    • Approval of annual budget and key corporate actions                 and external bodies



Audit and
Risk Management
                         100%                                                             Nomination                75%
Committee                INEDs                                                            Committee                 INEDs
Key duties:                                                                               Key duties:
Ɣ 7J[NJ\TKƳSFSHNFQWJUTWYXFSIT[JWXNLMY                                               • Board performance evaluation
 TKYMJNSYJLWNY^TKYMJƳSFSHNFQXYFYJRJSYX                                             • Review of Board and Board Committee
• Risk management and compliance monitoring                                                 structure and composition
Ɣ .SYJWSFQHTSYWTQFSIƳSFSHNFQWJUTWYNSLX^XYJR                                         • Evaluation of candidates for
• Review auditor’s audit and non-audit                                                      succession planning
   services performance, fees, terms of
   engagement and auditor’s
   independence



                                                             BOARD

Finance and
Investment               72%                                                              Remuneration
                                                                                                                    100%
Committee                NED/INEDs                                                        Committee                 INEDs
Key duties:                                                                               Key duties:
• Capital management and treasury policies                                                • Approval of human resource policies
• Approval and monitoring of capital expenditure                                          • Approval of remuneration of senior
• Approval of asset enhancement projects                                                    management and recommending the
                                                                                            remuneration of Directors for Board approval
• Financing decisions and review of asset
  disposals and acquisitions                                                              • Administering the grant and vesting of
                                                                                            awards under the Long-term
                                                                                            Incentive Schemes


                                                     Reserved Matters for the Board
    • Consideration of Link Corporate Governance Policy,                • Appointment or removal of the CEO and any other
      Vision, Mission and Values, and the strategic direction of Link     Directors as well as the company secretary
    • Recommendation to Unitholders on any change to the                • Approval of Directors’ remuneration, directors’ and
      Articles or the provisions of the Trust Deed                       TϬHJWXƍQNFGNQNY^NSXZWFSHJFSIUJWXTSSJQUTQNHNJX
    • &UUWT[FQTKNSYJWNRFSIƳSFQINXYWNGZYNTSXNSYJWNRFSIFSSZFQ    • Compliance monitoring, consideration of internal control
     WJUTWYXFSIƳSFSHNFQXYFYJRJSYXHNWHZQFWXYT:SNYMTQIJWXFS^     process and risk management framework, and approval of
     XNLSNƳHFSYHMFSLJXNSFHHTZSYNSLUTQNH^                            FS^RFYYJW\MNHM\TZQIMF[JFRFYJWNFQJϫJHYTS1NSPƍX
    • Appointment and removal of external auditor and auditor’s fees     ƳSFSHNFQUTXNYNTSQNFGNQNYNJXKZYZWJXYWFYJL^TWWJUZYFYNTS
    • Approval of treasury and capital management policies, issue       • Delegation of power and authority to Board Committees
      or buy-back of Units, acquisition or disposal of assets, and
      property development and related activities




8     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                        A Well-Governed Business




Clear Division of Duties Between the Board and Management
The Chairman and the CEO
The Chairman (who is an INED) leads and is responsible for the running of the Board. The CEO leads the management and is
responsible for running Link’s business and daily operations. The two roles are separate and performed by different individuals.

The Board and Management
The Board is responsible for formulation of strategy and monitoring of management performance. It delegates the day-to-day
running of the business to the management team led by the CEO.




                                                          Chairman

  1. Nicholas Charles ALLEN (INED)               •   Leading the Board and ensuring its effectiveness
                                                 •   Maintaining corporate reputation and character
                                                 •   Developing and leading strategic issues and corporate governance
                                                 •   Undertaking performance assessment of the CEO


                                                          NED/INEDs

  2. Ian Keith GRIFFITHS (NED)                   • Overseeing Link’s affairs through serving on the Board and
  3. Christopher John BROOKE (INED)                Board Committees
  4. Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong (INED)                   • Addressing potential conﬂicts of interests
  5. Blair Chilton PICKERELL (INED)              • Assessing management’s performance in respect of agreed corporate
                                                   goals and business objectives
  6. Poh Lee TAN (INED)
                                                 • Monitoring compliance and ﬁnancial reporting
  7. May Siew Boi TAN (INED)
                                                 • Input into development of strategy
  8. Peter TSE Pak Wing (INED)
                                                 • Overseeing the risk management and internal control
  9. Nancy TSE Sau Ling (INED)                   • Approving Link's statement of principal risks and its risk appetite
  10. Elaine Carole YOUNG (INED)                 • Scrutinising and challenging management’s proposals and initiatives
                                                 • Reviewing remuneration policy and approving Directors' remuneration
                                                 • Reviewing staff leadership, training and development


                                                          CEO and ED

  11. George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                  • Developing, driving and delivering performance against business plans
                                                   agreed by the Board
                                                 • Working together with the Board to develop the business strategy of Link
                                                 • Supervising management team to ensure that Link is being operated
                                                   in accordance with stated strategies, policies and regulations
                                                 • Driving organic and inorganic growth and business development
                                                 • Developing relationships with Government, regulators and investors




                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   9
A Well-Governed Business




                                                                     CFO and ED

     12. NG Kok Siong                                      • Supporting the CEO in supervising the following functions:
                                                             – ﬁnancial control and reporting
                                                             – capital management
                                                             – risk management
                                                             – business analytics
                                                             – business and information technology solutions
                                                             – quantity surveying
                                                           • Assisting the CEO in meeting investors and analysts to explain
                                                             performance and operational results
                                                           • Assuming the role of Link’s Regional Head of Mainland China region



                                                                          CSO(1)

     Eric YAU Siu Kei                                      • Supporting the CEO on investor relationship and stakeholder
                                                             communication matters
                                                           • Assisting the CEO to develop, communicate, execute and sustain
                                                             corporate strategic initiatives
                                                           • Assisting the CEO in investors and analysts meetings to explain
                                                             Link’s results and performance
                                                           • Overseeing all functions covering external affairs, stakeholder
                                                             management and corporate strategic initiatives, including
                                                             corporate affairs and marketing, investor relations,
                                                             sustainability, as well as corporate ﬁnance
                                                           • Assuming the role of Link’s Regional Head of Australia region


                                                                          CLO(1)

     Kenneth Tai Lun WONG                                  • Supporting the CEO in overseeing the legal, company
                                                             secretariat and compliance functions of Link
                                                           • Assisting the CEO in communications with regulatory authorities and
                                                             the Trustee
                                                           • Reviewing and implementing corporate governance practices
                                                           • Providing advice and support to the Board and keeping the
                                                             Board updated on regulatory and compliance issues
                                                           • Acting as the named company secretary



Notes:
(1) Senior management, not a Board member
(2) Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming resigned as ED with effect from 2 October 2019 and continued to act as Chief Operating Officer until 20 December 2019. His
    major roles during the year and up to the date of his resignation included supporting the CEO in supervising the project and development, property
    management and operations, legal and company secretarial, China business operations and controls, (shared with CFO) internal control for central
    procurement and quantitative survey, and assisting the CEO in meeting investors and analysts to explain performance and operational results




10     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                           A Well-Governed Business




Board Diversity
We believe a balanced and diverse Board brings a broad range of views to bear upon discussions and critical decision-making,
and mitigates against the potential for “group think”. Our Board Diversity Policy is multi-faceted stressing business experience,
skill-set, knowledge and professional expertise in addition to gender, ethnicity and age.
We see the importance of Board diversity as a contributor to Board effectiveness and the long-term success of Link. Our
Board Diversity Policy sets measurable objectives for the Board in its review of its composition. Board appointments are made
on merit taking into account the business objectives of Link and with regard to all aspects of diversity including (without
limitation) industry expertise and experience, background, ethnicity, age and gender for an appropriate range and balance of
skills, experience and background. The Board evolves as Link does over time; given that INEDs serve a maximum of nine years,
the Board is continuously refreshed, bringing new skills and perspectives supporting Link as it expands its business footprint.
The Nomination Committee and the Board annually review the Board Diversity Policy to closely reflect industry and investors’
expectations.
In accordance with its annual practice of monitoring progress towards diversity, the Nomination Committee and the Board
reviewed the Board Diversity Policy of Link and was satisfied that the diversity of the Board was appropriate.



Gender                                                                             Ethnicity

2020(1)     67%                                                            33%     2020   58%                                                       42%

2019        67%                                                            33%     2019   58%                                                       42%

2020              Male             Female                                          2020           Chinese          Non-Chinese
2019              Male             Female                                          2019           Chinese          Non-Chinese




Designation                                                                        Age Group
                         75%            8% 17%                                                   25%         58%         17%
2020                                                                               2020
                                                          2020   2019                                                               2020    2019
                                                                         INEDs                                                                     45-55
                         75%            8% 17%                                                   25%         58%         17%
                                                                         NED                                                                       56-65
2019                                                                     EDs       2019                                                            66 or above




Service Term with Link                                                             Core Expertise
                                                  NG Kok Siong(2) 2018
          INEDs                             Christopher BROOKE 2018                                                         2020   2019
          NED
          EDs                            Blair PICKERELL 2016                                                                              Real estate related
                                                Ed CHAN 2016                                                                               Financial/Accounting
                                         Nicholas ALLEN 2016                                           59%                                 Legal
                                       Poh Lee TAN 2015                                                                                    Others
                                      Nancy TSE 2014
                                      Peter TSE 2014                                                   59%
                               Elaine YOUNG 2013                                  25%
                                                                                                                           8%
                                   May TAN 2013
                                                                                          25%                      8%
       George HONGCHOY 2009                                                                                                 8%
Keith GRIFFITHS 2007
                                                                                                                    8%



Notes:
(1) 12 members as of 1 June 2020 against 12 members as of 3 June 2019
(2) Joined Link as the CFO on 3 May 2018 and appointed as ED on 1 February 2020


                                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements            11
A Well-Governed Business




Diversity of Skills and Expertise Shapes our Decision Making




     Audit and Risk                                                 INED Expertise
     Management Committee                                           Peter TSE (chairman)
     • Financial reporting and                                      Accounting/internal audit/
       disclosures                                                  risk management
     • Internal control and                                         May TAN
       risk management                                              Banking/accounting/
     • Monitoring of compliance                                     risk management and compliance



     Attendees
     CEO                                                            INED Expertise
     Business perspective                                           Poh Lee TAN
     CFO                                                            Legal/compliance
     Financial perspective
                                                                    Nancy TSE
     CLO                                                            Public body administration/
     Legal/compliance perspective                                   accounting/compliance/
                                                                    internal control
     Elaine YEUNG
     (Head of Internal Audit)
     Pinky NG
     (Head of Risk Management)




     Finance and                                                    INED Expertise
     Investment Committee                                           Nicholas ALLEN (chairman)
     • Investment decisions                                         Finance and accounting
     • Asset enhancement decisions                                  Ed CHAN
     • Financing/capital management                                 Retail
       decisions




     ED Expertise
     CEO                                                            NED/INED Expertise
     Business perspective
                                                                    Ian GRIFFITHS
     CFO                                                            Building design/architecture
     Financial perspective
                                                                    Christopher BROOKE
                                                                    Real estate market/
                                                                    property investment
                                                                    Elaine YOUNG
                                                                    Property investment/retail




12      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                              A Well-Governed Business




Nomination Committee                                   INED Expertise
• Board performance evaluation                         Nicholas ALLEN (chairman)
• New director nomination                              Listed companies and
• Succession planning                                  governance experience
• Board diversity and corporate
                                                       May TAN
  governance
                                                       Listed companies governance/
                                                       MNC experience


ED Expertise
CEO                                                    INED Expertise
Knowledge of Link's talent
                                                       Blair PICKERELL
requirements and inclusion
policies of Link                                       International business and
                                                       MNC experience




Remuneration                                            INED Expertise
Committee                                               Blair PICKERELL (chairman)
• Remuneration of the EDs and                           International business/
  senior management                                     MNC experience
• Remuneration and                                      May TAN
  human capital policies                                MNC/listed companies and
• Monitoring of compliance                              capital market experience


Attendees
CEO                                                     INED Expertise
Input on senior management                              Ed CHAN
performance and succession
                                                        Retail
planning of the management team
                                                        Elaine YOUNG
Phyllis NG                                              Retail market and real estate
(Director - Human Resources)                            market expertise
Input on labour market conditions,
peer group benchmarking,
policy and market developments




                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   13
A Well-Governed Business




A Strong Board Process
Key Board Activities for the Year Ended 31 March 2020




                                     Strategy and                                 Accountability
                                      Community                                   Board evaluation and
                                                                             effectiveness review and Board
                                     Corporate strategic
                                                                             Committee reports and minutes
                                  decisions, business plans,
                                   challenges and growth,                    review, regular communication
                                      public affairs, etc.                     with Unitholders and other
                                                                                     stakeholders, etc.




           Business and
      Financial Performance,                                                                              Business and
     Reporting and Disclosure                         Risk Management and                                  Investment
     Business and ﬁnancial performance                   Internal Control                                Asset management,
       review, interim and ﬁnal results                      Risk management and
        review, annual budget review,                                                                     property valuation,
                                                         internal control systems and                property disposal/acquisition
           distribution payment to                         effectiveness review, etc.
      Unitholders, capital management                                                                and investment projects, etc.
        and auditor’s fees review, etc.




                                   Governance and                                Leadership and
                                     Compliance                                      People
                                                                             Leadership planning, succession
                               Regulatory compliance review,
                                                                              planning, Board size, structure,
                               operational compliance review,
                                                                                composition, diversity and
                                   connected transaction
                                                                                 independence of INEDs,
                                  compliance review, key
                                                                                  Directors’ fees and the
                                   corporate governance
                                                                                    development and
                                 development updates, etc.
                                                                               compensation of the senior
                                                                                    management, etc.




14    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                  A Well-Governed Business




Board and Board Committee Meetings, Information and Support


 Annual strategic review    • A full-day Board strategy meeting is held in autumn each year where Directors review,
                              discuss and set Link’s strategy. Business leaders and industry experts are invited to
                              present on specific topics
                            • The Board has adopted the practice of holding pre-meetings at which management
                              solicit views from Board members on certain agenda items and topics they wish to
                              cover and discuss

 Agenda, meeting and        • Arrangements are in place to ensure Directors receive notice, agenda and meeting
 supporting materials         materials on time in order that they may prepare for meetings
                            • Agenda and meeting papers are uploaded to an electronic platform at least three days
                              in advance of meetings
                            • Board agenda items are reviewed by the Chairman/CEO
                            • Standing agenda items are set to ensure that critical matters such as financial reporting,
                              project progress, internal control and risk management, and compliance issues are
                              addressed at regular Board and Board Committee meetings

 Alerts and management of   • The company secretary alerts Directors in advance of the commencement of the interim
 inside information           or final results “black-out”, other ad hoc “black-outs” and where there is potential inside
                              information, in accordance with the Link Securities Dealing Code
                            • The company secretary maintains records of meetings and discussions of the
                              management, the Board and/or Board Committee concerning the assessment of inside
                              information, keeps a register of inside information and updates the Directors on a regular
                              basis

 Electronic and paperless   • Board meeting papers and supporting materials are circulated to Directors through a
 meetings                     private and secure electronic platform. This enables timely distribution of information
                              to Directors, immediate online reference and interactive exchange of views among
                              Directors
                            • Monthly business updates, reading materials, and other information are also sent to all
                              Directors through this electronic platform

 Meeting proceedings        • Telephone and/or video conference participation is arranged for any Director who is
                              unable to attend a meeting in person
                            • The company secretary keeps a full record of meeting attendance
                            • Senior representatives from the Principal Valuer and the external auditor of Link are
                              invited to attend the Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings and the Board
                              meetings for approval of the portfolio valuation and the interim and final results of Link
                            • Each year, the external auditor of Link holds a closed-session with the Audit and Risk
                              Management Committee members in the absence of management
                            • Management regularly attends Board and Board Committee meetings to deliberate on
                              proposals and presents updates on operations. External speakers, guests and
                              consultants are invited to participate on specific topics




                                                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   15
A Well-Governed Business




 Minutes of meetings of               • The company secretary attends all Board/Board Committee meetings
 Board/Board Committees               • Draft minutes are circulated for comment as soon as practicable post meeting
                                      • Minutes of each Board Committee meeting are provided to all Directors to keep them
                                        abreast of matters discussed and decisions made thereat
                                      • All signed Board/Board Committee minutes and resolutions are kept by the company
                                        secretary
                                      • Papers and minutes upon review by the Chairman and chairmen of the relevant Board
                                        Committees are uploaded to the electronic platform for online reference by all other
                                        Directors

 Notice                               • At least 14 days in advance for regular Board/Board Committee meetings

 Professional advice                  • All Directors are entitled to independent professional advice on issues relevant to their
                                        function and duties at the Manager’s expense. They have free and open contact with all
                                        levels of the management team. The Chairman also meets and has lunch and gatherings
                                        with management and staff to gain further insight into their work

 Regular reports and                  • The CEO, the CFO, the CSO and the CLO regularly report to the Board on progress against
 updates                                business targets, corporate strategy and other developments
                                      • Board Committee chairmen report their decisions and recommendations at Board
                                        meetings
                                      • The Board receives monthly business updates and investor feedback through briefings on
                                        interim results and final results roadshows

 Action tracking                      • Management reports back to the Board/Board Committee on matters outstanding
                                        from previous meetings
                                      • The company secretary circulates to the Board all announcements immediately upon
                                        their publication on the websites of the Stock Exchange and Link

 Three-year meeting                   • A three-year meeting calendar for meetings of the Board and the Board Committees as
 calendar                               well as the annual general meeting is adopted allowing the NED/INEDs to plan their
                                        schedules in advance


Role of the Company Secretary
The company secretary supports the Chairman in running the Board, assists in the running of the Board Committees and
provides professional advice on corporate governance matters.
All Directors have access to the services and advice of the company secretary, who is responsible for ensuring that the
practice and procedures of the Board and Board Committees are followed and applicable rules and regulations are complied
with.
The company secretary facilitates good information flows between the Board and management, induction of new Directors
and Directors’ professional training. During the year under review, the company secretary has satisfactorily fulfilled the
professional training requirements.
The company secretary is also the CLO of the Manager and heads the legal and compliance function of the Manager. He is also
the SFC-compliance manager of Link. The profile of the company secretary appears on page 62 of this report.




16   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                   A Well-Governed Business




Meetings of the Board and the Board Committees
A total of nine Board meetings and 19 Board Committee meetings were held during the year under review. Average meeting
duration was approximately 2.5 hours (excluding the full-day Board strategy retreat). Senior management and other
employees are invited to attend and present at Board meetings providing Directors further opportunity to critically challenge
and review management proposals and initiatives. Our NED and INEDs have direct access to senior management and
employees as necessary.
The number of meetings held by the Board and Board Committee meetings during the year under review exceeded the
minimum number of meetings recommended by the Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code. The annual Board strategy
meeting was held in September 2019.

                                                                                                                                     B
                                                                                                                                     ARMC
                    ARMC                    B                                          B                                             FIC
                    NC                      FIC                                        ARMC                                          NC
     2019           RC                      AGM                B                       FIC                     B                     RC

       Apr          May          Jun        Jul         Aug    Sep         Oct         Nov          Dec        Jan          Feb      Mar
       FIC                       B                      B                  FIC                     B        2020            B
       RC                                               ARMC               NC                      FIC                      FIC
                                                        FIC                                        NC


B:           Board meeting                                           NC:         Nomination Committee meeting
ARMC: Audit and Risk Management Committee meeting                    RC:         Remuneration Committee meeting
FIC:         Finance and Investment Committee meeting                AGM:        Annual general meeting of Unitholders




                                                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   17
A Well-Governed Business




Directors’ Attendance at Meetings

                                                                       Directors’ meeting attendance during the year
                                                                     (Number of meetings attended/eligible to attend)

                                                              Audit and Risk    Finance and
                                                              Management        Investment         Nomination      Remuneration
 Name                                               Board      Committee        Committee          Committee        Committee           2019 AGM

 Current Directors
 Nicholas Charles ALLEN                              9/9(C)         –                8/8(C)            4/4(C)              –                   1/1
 George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                           9/9            –                8/8               4/4                 –                   1/1
 NG Kok Siong(1)                                     2/2            –                8/8                –                  –                    –
 Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                                 9/9            –                8/8                –                  –                   0/1
 Christopher John BROOKE                             8/9            –                8/8                –                  –                   1/1
 Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                  7/9            –                8/8                –                 3/3                  0/1
 Blair Chilton PICKERELL                             9/9            –                 –                4/4                3/3(C)               1/1
 Poh Lee TAN                                         9/9           4/4                –                 –                  –                   1/1
 May Siew Boi TAN                                    9/9           4/4                –                4/4                3/3                  1/1
 Peter TSE Pak Wing                                  9/9           4/4(C)             –                 –                  –                   1/1
 Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                  9/9           4/4                –                 –                  –                   1/1
 Elaine Carole YOUNG                                 9/9            –                7/8                –                 3/3                  1/1

 Former Director
 Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(2)                             3/4            –                 –                 –                 –                    1/1

 In attendance
 Company secretary                                   9/9           4/4               8/8               4/4                1/1                  1/1
 External auditor                                    2/2           2/2                –                 –                  –                   1/1
 Heads of internal audit and
    risk management                                   –            4/4                –                 –                 –                    –
 Principal Valuer                                    2/2           2/2                –                 –                 –                    –

 Total no. of meetings held                          9              4                 8                 4                 3                     1
 Minimum no. of meetings required(3)                 4              3                 4                 2                 2                     1

 Approximate average duration
   per meeting (hour)                                3(4)          2.5                2                 1.5                3                   0.5

C: Chairman/chairman of Board Committee

Notes:
(1) Became a member of the Finance and Investment Committee with effect from 3 May 2018 and appointed as ED with effect from 1 February 2020
(2) Resigned as ED with effect from 2 October 2019
(3) Minimum number of meetings required by the Link Corporate Governance Policy or respective Board Committee terms of reference
(4) Excluding the full-day Board strategy meeting

The Chairman, the chairmen of Board Committees, the CEO and other of the Directors as shown above attended the
2019 AGM to meet with and answer questions from Unitholders. At the 2019 AGM, the CEO reported on matters raised by and
comments from Unitholders at the prior-year’s annual general meeting.
During the year, Directors also participated actively in Link’s affairs outside the board room. This included community events
organised under the Link Together Initiatives programme and events sponsored by, or in which Link otherwise participated.
The Chairman attended meetings with key Unitholders with support of the CSO.




18     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                       A Well-Governed Business




Nomination Process and Support for Directors
Nomination of Potential Board Director Candidates
The nomination policy of Link mandates all Board appointments be made on merit and in line with the Board Diversity Policy.
Board appointments are recommended by the Nomination Committee and made by the Board.
An independent external executive search firm is retained to advise the Nomination Committee on areas where the Board’s
skill set and expertise may be further enhanced and also to identify potential candidates for appointment to the Board. A set
of search criteria has been agreed with the Nomination Committee. These criteria are reviewed annually to ensure they
continue to reflect Link’s requirements. The Nomination Committee reviews annually the pool of available Board candidates
with due regard to Link’s Board Diversity Policy.
When seeking to make an appointment, potential Board candidates are interviewed first by the Nomination Committee
chairman and the CEO, and then by representatives from the INEDs. The external consultant carries out industry and
background checks. Results of the interviews together with external consultant’s opinion are put to the Nomination
Committee. The recommendation of the Nomination Committee is then put to the Board for consideration and if appropriate,
approval.
According to the Articles of the Manager, all newly-appointed Board members are required to retire for election by
Unitholders at the first annual general meeting of Link following his/her appointment. During the year under review, Mr NG
Kok Siong was appointed as an ED and will be subject to retirement and for election by Unitholders at the upcoming annual
general meeting of Link. Further information on the activities of the Nomination Committee during the year is provided on
pages 40 and 41 of this report.

Induction for New Directors
A comprehensive and tailored induction programme is provided for each newly-appointed Director. An induction kit
containing the Trust Deed, the Compliance Manual and other regulatory materials is provided as part of this process. These
items are regularly reviewed by the company secretary to ensure they remain up-to-date.




                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   19
A Well-Governed Business




Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Our Directors undertake continuous professional development and training programmes to keep themselves abreast of the
latest developments in the fields relevant to their respective expertise and professions. During the year, the Directors received
briefings from the company secretary on the latest legal and regulatory developments which have a bearing on their duties.
Distinguished speakers were also invited to present to the Directors and management to develop and refresh their skills and
knowledge. Directors also attended seminars run by professional bodies and industry associations. The Chairman spoke at
industry conferences and seminars of professional associations.
The EDs also developed and refreshed their skills and knowledge of Link’s business via a number of means including giving
presentations to investors and analysts, speaking at industry conferences and meeting with Government officials as well as
attending seminars run by professional bodies.
The company secretary keeps records of Directors’ training for regular review by the Nomination Committee and the Board.
The on-going training and professional development undertaken by current Directors in the year under review is as follows:

                                                                                                 Attending seminars/               Reading regulatory and
                                                                                               training courses/talks/               compliance updates/
                                                                                                    other professional                      updates given
 Name                                                                                                    development(Note)             at Board meetings

 Nicholas Charles ALLEN
 George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
 NG Kok Siong
 Ian Keith GRIFFITHS
 Christopher John BROOKE
 Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong
 Blair Chilton PICKERELL
 Poh Lee TAN
 May Siew Boi TAN
 Peter TSE Pak Wing
 Nancy TSE Sau Ling
 Elaine Carole YOUNG

Note:
Other professional development included attending or speaking at forums, visiting Link’s properties, and participating in seminars, conferences and other
briefings organised by other professional bodies, etc.

Succession Planning
The Board has a strong culture of integrity, professionalism, and responsible governance.
The Nomination Committee maintains an on-going process for Board succession planning. This serves to maintain the culture
of the Board and provides for a smooth transition in respect of Director retirement and appointment. The Board retains the
overall responsibility for oversight of the succession plan for the EDs and senior management. During the year under review,
the Nomination Committee discussed and recommended to the Board on the appointment of Mr NG Kok Siong as an ED upon
the resignation of Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming; the Board duly approved this appointment.




20     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                       A Well-Governed Business




On-going Board Performance Evaluation
The Board recognises that a key success factor of a company’s performance is the effectiveness of its board. In line with good
corporate governance practice, the Board, through the Nomination Committee, conducts an evaluation of itself on an annual
basis.

Formal Board Performance Evaluation
To obtain an external perspective, as well as to provide further opportunities for improvement to our Board’s effectiveness,
Russell Reynolds Associates was engaged as the independent external consultant to evaluate the performance of the Board
for the FY2019/2020 (“2019/2020 Board Evaluation”). Russell Reynolds conducted Link’s prior external Board evaluation in
respect of the FY2016/2017.
The following aspects of the Board’s operating framework were examined in the process of the 2019/2020 Board Evaluation:
(i) Board leadership and tone from the top;
(ii) Board dynamics and culture;
(iii) Structure, composition and capability;
(iv) Board-management relationship; and
(v) Stakeholder management.
The scope of the evaluation covered the Board as a whole, its four governance committees (the Audit and Risk Management
Committee, the Finance and Investment Committee, the Nomination Committee, and the Remuneration Committee), and the
individual Directors. Information used to evaluate the Board was derived from the following:
(i) Key governance documents such as committee terms of reference and Compliance Manual;
(ii) Research on other similar companies’ practices for use as peer benchmarks;
(iii) Questionnaire responses from Directors and senior executives who work closely with the Board and their governance
      committees;
(iv) Interviews with the Directors and selected executives; and
(v) Observation of a Board meeting in March 2020.
The findings and recommendations from the evaluation were presented to the Board in June 2020. Based on the information
provided, as well as the comprehensive surveys and interviews, the Board observes the Listing Rules Corporate Governance
Code and applicable regulations, and continues to operate effectively. It has implemented improvements from the prior
evaluations, notably around Vision 2025, where there has been on-going refreshment of the Board and its capabilities in line
with strategy that was set out. There is also clear evidence to indicate active Board and management engagement in the
articulation of Vision 2025, through platforms such as the strategy off-site.
The Board continues to be committed in enhancing its effectiveness in line with international best practice, and will work
towards incorporating the recommendations from this year’s evaluation in its sustained pursuit of corporate governance
excellence.
Based on the findings of the 2019/2020 Board Evaluation, the Nomination Committee and the Board considered that the
Board performed effectively in the year under review.




                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   21
A Well-Governed Business




OUR REMUNERATION POLICY
The Remuneration Philosophy
Our approach to reward is meritocratic and market competitive, underpinned by an ethical and value-based performance
culture that aligns the interest of our employees with those of our Unitholders. Our remuneration strategy supports this
objective through balancing business goals against long-term sustainable performance.
We judge performance not only by what has been achieved, but also by how it is and will continue to be achieved on a
sustainable basis. Individual remuneration is determined through the assessment of performance delivered against short-term
and long-term business targets as well as adherence to Link’s Vision, Mission and Values.


The Three Cornerstones of our Remuneration Strategy




                                                                 • A two-tier model on executive pay
        No individual is
                                                                   – the remuneration of Directors is approved by the Board after review
          involved in                                                 by and upon the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee,
          determining                                                 with the advice of an independent external consultant; and
          his/her own                                              – the remuneration of the senior management is reviewed and approved
         remuneration                                                 by the Remuneration Committee




                                                                 • Directors’ fees and pay level of EDs and senior management is
                                                                   benchmarked against local public/listed corporations and overseas peers
           Market                                                  in the same industry
        benchmarking



                                                                 • Competency framework – employees’ performance and remuneration
                                                                   being comprehensively assessed against a spectrum of evaluators with
           Reﬂecting                                               balanced weighting on ﬁnancial outcome and non-ﬁnancial contributions.
                                                                   Balanced Scorecard is adopted to better align EDs and senior management
         performance,                                              performance with organization objectives
       complexity, and                                           • Total remuneration strategy with components of discretionary cash bonus
     responsibility as well                                        and Long-term Incentive Scheme awards driving performance of EDs and
        as Link’s Vision,                                          senior management for Link’s long-term success
      Mission and Values




22   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                              A Well-Governed Business




Approval Process of Remuneration




                        BOARD
                        (chaired by an INED and comprising a majority of INEDs)

                        • Approval of the remuneration of the CEO, the CFO and the Chief Operating Officer upon the
                          recommendation of the Remuneration Committee in private discussion in the absence of
                          EDs and management
                        • Approval of Directors’ fees upon the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee
                        • Approval of the grant of Long-term Incentive Scheme award to Directors upon the
                          recommendation of the Remuneration Committee
                        • Review of the remuneration policy of Link’s employees to ensure that they are in line with
                          the market and stay competitive to attract and retain high performing employees for
                          Link’s growth



                        REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                        (all INEDs)

                        • Review of and recommendation to the Board of the remuneration packages and grant of
                          Long-term Incentive Scheme award to EDs
                          – Chairman to brief the Remuneration Committee on the performance of the CEO
                          – the CEO to brief the Remuneration Committee on the performance of the Chief
                            Operating Officer, the CFO, the CSO and the CLO
                        • Review of and recommendation to the Board’s approval of Directors’ fees based on market
                          data and independent external consultant’s advice
                        • Approval of pay increases, discretionary bonuses and grants of Long-term Incentive Scheme
                          award to senior management




                        MANAGEMENT
                        (EDs and senior management)

                        • Annual performance review based on Link’s competency framework
                        • EDs and senior management performed 360° performance and leadership assessment
                          with independent external consultant’s facilitation
                        • Pay level, discretionary bonus and pay increment benchmarked against market level
                        • A signiﬁcant portion of the EDs and senior management’s remuneration is linked to
                          their individual performance on agreed KPIs in addition to the ﬁnancial outcome of
                          Link, and in appropriate cases, with deferral elements




                                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   23
A Well-Governed Business




Structure of Remuneration

                                                                                               FY2019/2020

                                                                                                 Senior               Other               Further
 Types of remuneration and benefits                 NED and INEDs                EDs           management           employees             details

 Directors’ fees(1)                                                                                                                     See page 24
 Basic salary                                                                                                                           See page 24
 Discretionary cash bonus                                                                                                               See page 24
 Long-term Incentive Scheme award                                                                                          (3)
                                                                                                                                         See pages
                                                  Tenure-based only                                                                      24 and 25
 EUPP                                                                                                                                        –

 Mandatory Provident                                           (2)                     (2)
                                                                                                                                        See page 25
  Fund and other benefits

Notes:
(1) Directors’ fees are not payable to EDs.
(2) All Directors are covered by directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.
(3) Selected manager-grade or above employees may be granted Long-term Incentive Scheme award upon EDs’ recommendation and Remuneration
    Committee’s approval and such awards have performance-linked or tenure-based vesting conditions.


Remuneration for Directors and Management

 Types of remuneration and benefits                 Framework and policy                               Governance

 Directors’ fees                                    • Base fees only and payable according to          • Review of fees by the Remuneration
 (INEDs and NED only)                                 roles, responsibilities and time commitment        Committee and approval by the Board on a
                                                      and benchmarked against market level               yearly basis
                                                                                                       • Full review of fees with independent external
                                                                                                         consultant’s input every three years
                                                                                                       • Fee adjustment spread over three years
 Long-term Incentive Schemes award                  • Based on a pre-set and fixed percentage of       • Approval of grants by the Board
 (INEDs and NED)                                      their fees and vested on a tenure basis with     • Approval of vesting by the Remuneration
                                                      no performance-linked target                       Committee
 Basic salary                                       • Fixed-cash component of total remuneration       • Review every year with the assistance of
 (EDs and senior management)                          benchmarked against comparable peers to            independent external consultant by the
                                                      recruit and retain key leaders and managers        Remuneration Committee, and in the case of
                                                                                                         the CEO, the CFO and the Chief Operating
                                                                                                         Officer, approval by the Board
 Discretionary cash bonus                           • Variable cash component of total                 • The aggregate total pool for all employees as
 (EDs and senior management)                          remuneration to drive and reward                   well as EDs is under full review and approval
                                                      performance                                        by the Remuneration Committee, and in the
                                                    • Discretionary nature depending on the              case of the CEO, the CFO and the Chief
                                                      achievement of financial and non-financial         Operating Officer, approval by the Board
                                                      KPIs measured against Link’s strategic           • Market survey against local and
                                                      objectives                                         international peers, with the support of
                                                    • Significant portion of the discretionary bonus     independent external consultant, every year
                                                      for EDs and an appropriate portion of the        • Review every year by the Remuneration
                                                      same for senior management may be                  Committee with the assistance of
                                                      payable, in appropriate case, on a deferred        independent external consultant
                                                      basis to commensurate with the progress in
                                                      achieving such objectives, which will be
                                                      forfeited if the individual resigns or is
                                                      dismissed “for-cause” during the deferral
                                                      period


24     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                             A Well-Governed Business




Types of remuneration and benefits   Framework and policy                                 Governance

Long-term Incentive Schemes award    • Unit-based component of total remuneration         • Approval by the Remuneration Committee
(EDs and senior management)            to attract talent, incentivise performance and       on grants to senior management and key
                                       retain key personnel for achieving the               performing employees
                                       strategic goals of Link                            • Approval by the Board on grants to the CEO,
                                     • Discretionary in nature and subject to a             the CFO and the Chief Operating Officer
                                       three-year vesting period. Performance-              (upon recommendation of the Remuneration
                                       linked Units are subject to the satisfaction of      Committee)
                                       vesting conditions which are calibrated            • Grantees receiving Long-term Incentive
                                       against business performance as measured             Scheme award are not eligible to participate
                                       by a composite of target parameters such as          in the EUPP
                                       NPI and total Unit return to Unitholders.          • Remuneration Committee to approve vesting
                                       Tenure-based Units do not have                       on satisfaction of relevant KPIs with advice
                                       performance-linked targets                           from the external auditor
                                     • Vesting references Unit price of Link over a
                                       period of consecutive trading days after
                                       announcing financial results on a volume-
                                       weighted average basis
Pension and other benefits           • Providing employment benefits in compliance with statutory requirements
                                     • Providing other benefits in line with market practices, such as:
                                       – annual leave, maternity/paternity leave, and birthday leave
                                       – medical insurance, life and personal accident insurance
                                       – reimbursement of monthly subscription of clubs, reimbursement of professional memberships
                                          and seminar course fees, and Link-sponsored learning and development programmes




                                                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   25
A Well-Governed Business




 As stated in Note 31(d) to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 140 and 141 of this report, the following sections
 with the heading “Audited” on pages 26 to 28 of this report form part of the Consolidated Financial Statements and have
 been audited by the Group’s auditor.

Remuneration awarded to NED and INEDs
In 2018, the Remuneration Committee has performed a review of fee levels with independent advice from Mercer (Hong
Kong) Limited (“Mercer”). The outcome of the review was that NED/INEDs fees had fallen below appropriate peer benchmarks
since the last review. Rather than making the full adjustment in 2018, the Remuneration Committee recommended, and the
Board agreed, to spread the increase with effect from 1 April 2018 over the following three financial years. The annual NED/
INEDs fees for FY2019/2020 and FY2020/2021 are as follows:

                                                                                    FY2019/2020                        FY2020/2021

                                                                             Chairman             Member          Chairman           Member
                                                                                  HK$                HK$               HK$              HK$

 Board                                                                        1,960,600           582,900         2,094,000          630,000
 Audit and Risk Management Committee                                           209,400            150,000           215,000           150,000
 Finance and Investment Committee                                               159,100            81,500            161,200           83,500
 Nomination Committee                                                           102,600            55,000           103,500           55,000
 Remuneration Committee                                                         110,600            62,900            116,500          64,400


In addition to a base fee according to roles and responsibilities above, NED/INEDs are entitled to Long-term Incentive Scheme
award valued at 70% of their individual total annualised fees. This Long-term Incentive Scheme award is granted on a tenure
basis with no performance-linked target.

Remuneration awarded to EDs (Audited)
Based on the remuneration framework and policy on pages 22 to 25 of this report and with the input from an independent
external consultant, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed and recommended to the Board and the Board approved, the
total remuneration and/or its components awarded to the EDs for performance year 2019/2020 is set out in the table below:

Total remuneration awarded for the performance year 2019/2020

                                                                      Short-term                               Long-term
                                                                     remuneration                           remuneration

                                                                                           Variable           Long-term
                                                      Base pay,      Contribution     remuneration             Incentive
                                                 allowance and         to pension        related to             Schemes
 Name                                            other benefits(3)        scheme       performance(4)            awards(5,6)           Total(7)
                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000

 Current Directors
 George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                 10,192              18            25,500               35,833               71,543
 NG Kok Siong(1)
                                                            7,514              18            10,000                 7,700              25,232
 Former Director
 Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(2)                                   4,606               17                  –               8,500                13,123




26   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                              A Well-Governed Business




Total remuneration awarded for the performance year 2018/2019

                                                                               Short-term                                  Long-term
                                                                              remuneration                              remuneration

                                                                                                        Variable           Long-term
                                                             Base pay,         Contribution        remuneration             Incentive
                                                        allowance and            to pension           related to             Schemes
 Name                                                   other benefits(3)           scheme          performance(4)            awards(6)              Total(7)
                                                              HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000               HK$’000

 Current Director
 George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                         10,191                  18              28,528                39,528              78,265
 Former Director
 Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(2)                                           5,166                   18                6,152               12,152              23,488

Notes:
(1) Appointed as ED with effect from 1 February 2020. Out of the total remuneration of HK$25,232,000 awarded for the performance year 2019/2020, only two
    months’ remuneration was attributable to services provided as an ED. Mr NG Kok Siong entered into a service agreement with the Manager when he joined
    Link as CFO on 3 May 2018. Pursuant to the service agreement, Mr NG Kok Siong was granted HK$2,450,000 during the performance year 2019/2020 as
    compensation for income loss as a result of forfeiture of certain awards granted by Mr NG Kok Siong’s former employer on joining Link.
(2) Resigned as ED with effect from 2 October 2019 and continued to act as Chief Operating Officer until 20 December 2019. Only a portion of the total
    remuneration of up to 2 October 2019 awarded for performance year 2019/2020 was attributable to services provided as an ED. As per 2017 LTI Scheme
    rules, the LTI granted to Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming (HK$8,500,000 for performance year 2019/2020 and HK$12,152,000 for performance year 2018/2019)
    were lapsed.
(3) Other benefits include leave pay, insurance premium and club membership fee.
(4) The variable remuneration is performance-related which is determined by matching the achieved results against pre-determined financial and non-financial
    key performance targets, which include the incremental value created from corporate transactions. Included in the variable remuneration awarded for the
    performance year 2019/2020, amount of HK$15,300,000 and HK$10,200,000 will be paid to Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY in the year 2020/2021 and
    year 2021/2022 respectively, and amount of HK$6,000,000 and HK$4,000,000 will be paid to Mr NG Kok Siong in the year 2020/2021 and year 2021/2022
    respectively. For variable remuneration awarded for the performance year 2018/2019, amount of HK$28,528,000 was paid to Mr George Kwok Lung
    HONGCHOY, and amount of HK$6,152,000 was paid to Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming in the year 2019/2020.
(5) Out of the Long-term Incentive awards of HK$35,833,000 and HK$7,700,000 awarded to Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY and Mr NG Kok Siong in the
    performance year 2019/2020, HK$15,833,000 and HK$700,000 are awarded on a tenure basis.
(6) Long-term Incentive Scheme award in terms of cash or/and restricted units may be granted to incentivise key executives through rewarding them in
    calibration of their contributions to the business performance of and success of Link while also retaining them. Values of the Long-term Incentive Scheme
    award are based on the target number of vesting Units at volume weighted average Unit price determined under the 2017 LTI Scheme. There is no
    commitment that the number of Units with the above target values will be vested. The eventual amounts to be vested depends on the scale of
    achievement against certain financial performance and service related vesting conditions and future Unit prices. These restricted unit awards will be
    granted upon performance target conditions being established under the 2017 LTI Scheme. Details on the Long-term Incentive Scheme are set out in the
    section headed ‘Long-term Incentive Schemes’ of this report.
(7) The total remuneration is calculated based on the variable remuneration and the Long-term Incentive Scheme award approved by the Board. The actual
    paid variable remuneration for the respective years are set out in Note (4) above and the details of the values of Long-term Incentive Schemes recognised
    during the year are set out on pages 71 to 75 of this report.




                                                                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements          27
A Well-Governed Business




Remuneration paid and recognised for NED and INEDs (Audited)
The figures below represent amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement under Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards for the years ended 31 March whereas fees are paid in cash and portion of the Long-term Incentive Schemes
awards are recognised in the FY2019/2020 as it relates to the individual NED and INEDs, as below:

                                                                           2020                                               2019

                                                                         Long-term                                          Long-term
                                                                          Incentive                                          Incentive
                                                                            Scheme                                             Scheme
 Name                                                         Fees        provision(4)         Total             Fees        provision(4)         Total
                                                           HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000

 Current Directors
 Nicholas Charles ALLEN                                        2,222            1,258           3,480            2,095            2,549            4,644
 Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                                            664               384            1,048              619              789            1,408
 Christopher John BROOKE(1)                                     664               243             907               561              189             750
 Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                             727               393            1,120             658               775            1,433
 Blair Chilton PICKERELL                                        749               400            1,149             684               791            1,475
 Poh Lee TAN                                                     733              418             1,151            690               844            1,534
 May Siew Boi TAN                                                851              478            1,329             807               971            1,778
 Peter TSE Pak Wing                                             792               462            1,254             744               979            1,723
 Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                              733              418             1,151            690               857            1,547
 Elaine Carole YOUNG                                            727               416            1,143             681               858            1,539
 Former Directors
 CHAN Chak Cheung William(2)                                       –               32               32                –              346             346
 David Charles WATT(3)                                             –               25              25              268               767            1,035

 Total                                                        8,862            4,927           13,789            8,497           10,715           19,212

Notes:
(1) Appointed on 1 May 2018
(2) Retired on 9 November 2017
(3) Retired on 13 August 2018
(4) These represent the estimated value of tenure-based restricted unit awards as valued by an independent external valuer, based on valuation techniques
    and assumptions on Unit price, outstanding length of the awards and other market conditions, if appropriate and charged to the consolidated income
    statement over the vesting period. The amounts are impacted by the time of appointment/retirement of the concerned Director as well as movements in
    the Unit price, wherever applicable




28    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                        A Well-Governed Business




Internal Control and Risk Management
Board Responsibility
The Board (as assisted by the Audit and Risk Management Committee) is responsible for maintaining and reviewing the
effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems and determining the nature and extent of the significant
risks Link may take in achieving its strategic objectives. It acknowledges that such controls and systems can only manage but
not eliminate risks and provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against loss or material misstatement.
With the assistance of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Board had reviewed and was satisfied with the
effectiveness and adequacy of the internal control and risk management systems for the year under review, having had regard
to the key processes of Link. This was achieved primarily through:
• approving the annual plan and resourcing of internal audit
• reviewing the findings, recommendations, and follow-up actions of internal audit work
• reviewing regulatory and operational compliance reports
• approving work plan and resourcing of the risk management function
• reviewing quarterly risk management activity reports
• reviewing the corporate risk register and monitoring movements of key risks
• reviewing controls and procedures of financial reporting and the interim and annual financial statements
• reviewing the nature, scope of work and reports of the external auditor

Structure of Controls and Risk Management
Led by the Board, management monitors the risks associated with Link’s business on an on-going basis.
Procedures and control measures have been implemented including the setting up of a corporate risk register where elements
of business risks, operational risks, financial risks, compliance and reputational risks are recorded and calibrated according to
severity of impact and probability of occurrence. The risks recorded and their movements are monitored by the risk
management team with department heads as risk owners.
The key risks are reported monthly to the EDs and senior management for monitoring and mitigating action (if necessary), and
quarterly to the Audit and Risk Management Committee for review and on-going monitoring. The Board also reviews the
principal risks annually.
Details of the internal control processes and risk management framework are discussed on pages 44 to 47 of the Strategic
Report of Annual Report 2019/2020.
Monitoring and controls have also been put in place to address specific compliance areas including anti-competition
behaviour, data privacy, Common Reporting Standard and FATCA in addition to other on-going regulatory compliance and
monitoring.

Audit and Risk Management Committee’s Review
The Audit and Risk Management Committee – assisted by the internal audit and risk management functions – reports to the
Board on key risks, residual risks, their relative movement and, if necessary, mitigating measures in the overall risk
management framework of Link. Regular reports from the internal control and risk management functions are submitted to
senior management and the Audit and Risk Management Committee. The respective department heads of internal audit and
risk management functions attend all Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings. The Audit and Risk Management
Committee also reviews and endorses the annual risk assessment results, and recommends the principal risks for the Board’s
review and approval. Further information on the activities of the Audit and Risk Management Committee during the year is
provided on pages 35 to 37 of this report.




                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   29
A Well-Governed Business




Whistle-blowing and Anti-corruption
The Manager has a whistle-blowing policy to help detect possible improprieties for management’s attention and action.
Whistle-blowing reports are presented to the Audit and Risk Management Committee. The chairman of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee is available to receive any complaint directly.
To set business standards and enforce integrity in business practices, the Manager has embedded in the staff code of conduct
a set of anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies, and arranged for staff to attend seminars given by the Hong Kong
Independent Commission Against Corruption.

External Auditor
The external auditor reports on any control issues identified in the course of its interim review and annual audit work on Link’s
financial and business results. Management has periodically engaged the external auditor of Link to review and advise on the
adequacy of Link’s internal control and risk management systems.

Conflicts of Interest
The Manager has instituted stringent internal procedures, including for compliance with the internal General Guidelines on
Declaration and Avoidance of Conflicts of Interest, to monitor and deal with conflict of interest issues. In particular:
(i) Directors are required to immediately report and periodically update any changes in their directorships and positions held
    in other companies and organisations to the Manager. The Manager maintains a register with respect to such outside
    directorships and positions of the Directors and makes filings with the SFC in the manner as required by the SFO.
    Management checks transactions against the register and performs periodic and sample checking to detect and deal with
    potential connected party transactions in the manner as required under the REIT Code.
(ii) Directors are required to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in any business proposals and abstain from
     attending part of the meeting concerning such proposals. A Director will not be counted in the quorum for a transaction
     in which he/she is interested. No paper on proposal in which a Director has conflict will be sent to that Director who will
     also abstain from any discussion and decision on that proposal.
(iii) Unitholders cannot vote on (nor will they be counted in the quorum for) a transaction in which they have a material
      interest which is different from the interest of other Unitholders as a whole.
(iv) The Manager does not manage any REITs other than Link.
(v) All connected party transactions are managed in accordance with the requirements of the REIT Code, the procedures
    prescribed in the Compliance Manual and the conditions of the waivers granted by the SFC relevant to the types of
    connected party transactions in question. Connected party transactions are subject to regular monitoring by the Audit
    and Risk Management Committee and regular periodic review by the Trustee, the internal audit team, Link’s external
    auditor, and also by the SFC upon inspection.

Communications with Unitholders and Unitholders’ Rights
Transparency is a key to good corporate governance. The Manager sees communications with Unitholders and other
stakeholders as an important component of Link’s corporate governance framework. It proactively engages Unitholders and
other stakeholders through effective channels to articulate the business objectives and progress of Link and collect their
views and suggestions.
EDs, the CSO, and our investor relations team attend conferences and seminars organised by the investment community and
hold regular meetings and conference calls with institutional investors and analysts. The Board receives from management
regular investor relations activity reports and briefings, which include feedback from meetings with institutional investors,
institutional and retail stockbrokers and debt investors, analysts’ forecasts, research reports, latest market developments and
market forecasts on Link’s Unit price performance.
The Manager also proactively engages the media and community interest groups to explain and gauge their views on the
activities of Link.




30   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                         A Well-Governed Business




Investors and Unitholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board in writing at the Manager’s registered office (at
20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside, 77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong) or by email (ir@linkreit.com) or through the
customer service contact hotline (telephone no. at (852) 2122 9000). Any Unitholder who wishes to put forward a proposal
may also send written request to the Manager (for the attention of the company secretary). Details of Unitholder’s right, and
the procedures, to put forward a proposal are set out on page 49 of this report.
During the year under review, the Manager:
• held press conference with media and analyst briefing following the announcement of the 2018/2019 annual results. In view
  of social incidents, instead of physical meetings, the press conference and analyst briefing for the 2019/2020 interim results
  were conducted by live webcast. Questions were raised to the management through online portal. For both the interim
  and full-year results, the Chairman, the CEO and the CFO attended the press conference, while the CEO, the CFO and the
  CSO attended the analyst briefing;
• held the 2019 AGM where Directors met with Unitholders and the CEO reported to Unitholders on matters and comments
  raised at the prior year’s annual general meeting;
• attended investor conferences and held post-results non-deal roadshows via physical meetings, conference calls and video
  conferences both in Hong Kong and overseas to explain the strategies, business developments, and the sustainability
  efforts of Link and promote transparency and interactive communications with Unitholders and the investment
  community, and also arranged visits by analysts and representatives from major Unitholders to selected properties of Link
  in Hong Kong and Mainland China;
• attended regular meetings with the media, and live TV and radio interviews, to articulate the position of Link on current
  social, business and other issues that were of interest to the community;
• proactively engaged proxy advisors on latest corporate governance trends;
• published the interim and full-year results, the interim and annual reports and other corporate communications of Link
  within the time frame and in accordance with the requirements of the REIT Code and the Listing Rules;
• updated Link’s corporate website (Linkreit.com) on an on-going basis to keep Unitholders and other stakeholders abreast
  of latest developments of Link; and
• responded to questions from Unitholders in a timely manner.

Distribution Policy
It is the distribution policy of the Manager to provide Unitholders with regular distribution semi-annually after the Board
approves the half-yearly and full-year results of Link.
Under the REIT Code as well as the Trust Deed, Link is required to ensure that the total amount distributed to Unitholders as
distributions for each financial year is not less than 90% of Link’s total distributable income. Under the Trust Deed, total
distributable income is the consolidated profit of Link after taxation attributable to Unitholders adjusted to eliminate the
effects of certain non-cash adjustments which have been recorded in the consolidated income statement of Link for the
relevant financial period.
In exercising its discretions under the Trust Deed, the Manager has consistently distributed 100% (and when justified, over
100%) of Link’s total distributable income as distribution to Unitholders.




                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   31
A Well-Governed Business




Distribution Reinvestment Scheme
On 1 June 2020, the Board declared a final distribution of HK145.72 cents per Unit (the “Final Distribution”) for the financial
year ended 31 March 2020 payable on Thursday, 30 July 2020, to the Unitholders whose names appeared on the register of
Unitholders on Thursday, 18 June 2020 (the “Record Date”). The Board further announced that a distribution reinvestment
scheme will be made available to eligible Unitholders on the Record Date. Eligible Unitholders may elect to receive the Final
Distribution wholly in cash or wholly in new Units or a combination of both. An announcement giving further information of
such scheme will be published on or around Thursday, 18 June 2020, and a circular containing details of such scheme together
with the relevant election form or revocation notice will be despatched to Unitholders on or around Friday, 26 June 2020.
A distribution reinvestment scheme was made available for Unitholders from 2007 to 2013.
Details of the interim distribution and final distribution per Unit for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 appear on page 94
of this report. The ex-distribution date, closure of register of Unitholders date, Record Date, and payment date for the
distribution in respect of FY2019/2020 appear on page 208 of this report.

Investor Relations
The Manager continually communicates with the investment community to ensure that analysts, retail and institutional
investors are sufficiently informed, and to gauge their views on the business objectives, activities and future direction of Link.
There are currently 19 equity research analysts actively covering Link. Since April 2019, the Manager participated in the
following events:


          524                           13                        2                      7                             19
        Individual                  Investors’            Self-organised      Post-results/non-deal              Site visits for
      meetings and                conferences/              investor/      roadshows to Asia, Australia,          interested
     conference calls            corporate days            analyst day     Europe and the United States             parties



Reporting and Transparency
Link maintains a high standard of transparency and keeps Unitholders well appraised of Link’s developments in a timely
manner through:
• publishing annual report within three months of the financial year end and interim report within two months of the
  half-year period end;
• publishing announcements (and circulars, where required) on material information or developments as required by the REIT
  Code, the Listing Rules and/or the SFC, or voluntarily as the Board considers appropriate;
• publishing Link’s interim and annual reports on its corporate website;
• publishing on corporate website all corporate communications issued by Link in accordance with the requirements of the
  REIT Code and/or the Listing Rules, the profiles of the Directors and the senior management, and the business and
  sustainability developments, financial calendar and other news and latest developments of Link; and
• making available constitutive documents for inspection at the registered office of the Manager including, among others,
  the Trust Deed.




32    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                           A Well-Governed Business




General Meetings
The Trust Deed requires Link to hold an annual general meeting of Unitholders once every year. The Trust Deed and the REIT
Code also require Link to hold other (or extraordinary) general meetings of Unitholders in circumstances specified in the Trust
Deed and the REIT Code.

•    2019 AGM
     At the 2019 AGM held on 24 July 2019, Unitholders approved the re-election of Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong, Mr Blair Chilton
     PICKERELL and Ms May Siew Boi TAN as INEDs, and the renewal of the Unit buy-back mandate. The relevant poll vote
     results announcement dated 24 July 2019 can be found on websites of Link and the Stock Exchange.
     The Chairman (who is also chairman of the Finance and Investment Committee and the Nomination Committee), the
     chairmen of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Remuneration Committee, other INEDs, the CEO, the
     CFO and the CSO as well as Link’s external auditor attended the 2019 AGM to meet with and answer questions from
     Unitholders.
•    2020 AGM
     The 2020 AGM will be held on 22 July 2020. Notice and agenda are set out in the circular to Unitholders accompanying
     this Annual Report 2019/2020.
•    Directors Retiring at the 2020 AGM
     At the 2020 AGM, Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing, Ms Nancy TSE Sau Ling and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG will retire by rotation in
     accordance with Articles 125 and 126 of the Articles and the Compliance Manual and, being eligible, offer themselves for
     re-election by Unitholders.
     At the 2020 AGM, Mr NG Kok Siong, being a Director appointed to the Board on 1 February 2020, will retire in
     accordance with Article 121 of the Articles and offers himself for election by Unitholders.
     All the retiring Directors, being eligible, will stand for election or re-election at the 2020 AGM.

Amendments to the Trust Deed and Compliance Manual
Trust Deed
On 1 April 2020, a provision in the Trust Deed was amended to reduce the minimum percentage rate of the Trustee’s fee. The
Trustee’s fee shall not be less than such amount as shall be equal to 0.006% (previously 0.008%) per annum and 0.015%
(previously 0.03%) per annum of the values of Link’s properties in and outside Hong Kong respectively as determined in the
latest annual valuation report prepared by the Principal Valuer, subject to a minimum of HK$150,000 per month. The Manager
and the Trustee (being HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited) entered into the 13th supplemental deed dated 1 April
2020 to make relevant amendments to the Trust Deed.

Compliance Manual
On 1 June 2020, the Compliance Manual was updated to reflect the latest business practices and operations of Link (including
the Manager).




                                                                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   33
A Well-Governed Business




Change in Property Valuation Methodology
As disclosed in Link’s interim report 2019/2020, Link has been using two valuation methodologies – Income Capitalisation
Approach (the “Income Cap Approach”) and Discounted Cash Flow Approach (together, the “Previous Methodology”) – for
Link’s property valuation (except the properties of The Quayside and 700 Nathan Road) for interim and annual reports since
Link’s initial public offering in 2005. Link has changed from using two valuation methodologies to one valuation methodology
by using Income Cap Approach only (cross-referenced to the Direct Comparison Approach) (the “New Methodology”) for
Link’s property valuation for interim and annual reports starting from the annual report for the financial year ended 31 March
2020.
The use of the Income Cap Approach (cross-referenced to the Direct Comparison Approach) is in line with market practice for
property valuation of income-producing commercial assets which are the main asset class of Link. Income Cap Approach has
been widely acceptable and well understood in the property market and investment market as a single valuation method by
analysts, valuers, and property investors; and compared with Discounted Cash Flow Approach, Income Cap Approach involves
less hypothetic assumptions. Key elements used in the Income Cap Approach, such as market rent and capitalisation rate, are
derived from live transactions and current market data. It is also in the interest of Unitholders as comparison with other
H-REITs is more straight-forward on a like-for-like basis.
No prior-year adjustment or re-statement to previous financial year financial statements is required. It is noted that the
variances between the valuations prepared under Previous Methodology and New Methodology on a 10-year horizon ranges
from –0.3% to 3.4%, with an average of 1.95%. Based on the above, the change in valuation methodology is not expected to
have a material impact on the financial statements of Link.
The proposed change of valuation methodology is compliant with Link’s Trust Deed and Compliance Manual. Trustee has no
objection for the Manager to use only the Income Cap Approach in Link’s property valuation reports for its annual reports.

Regulation and Compliance
The regulation and compliance section which appears on pages 44 to 55 of this report forms an integral part of this corporate
governance report.

Environmental, Social and Governance Performance
Link continues to be a signatory of the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative. In monitoring and
measuring ESG performance, the Board takes into account international practices and standards.
Details of compliance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards, the Stock Exchange’s ‘Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guide’ and the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) principles are set out on pages 190 to 204 of
this report.

Changes After Financial Year End
This report has taken into account changes occurred since the end of the financial year on 31 March 2020 up to the date of
approval by the Board of this report on 1 June 2020.




By order of the Board
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG
Company Secretary

Hong Kong, 1 June 2020




34   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Board Committee Reports

Report of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
The Audit and Risk Management Committee is principally responsible for overseeing the quality and integrity of financial
statements, internal and external audit work, overall risk management, and monitoring of compliance including connected
party transactions, property development and Relevant Investments activities to ensure that they are being conducted in
accordance with the conditions of the relevant SFC waivers and the GAV Cap and the Maximum Cap requirements of the REIT
Code.

Composition and Attendance
Link Corporate Governance Policy mandates that the Audit and Risk Management Committee shall comprise only INEDs and
no member of the Finance and Investment Committee shall be a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Audit and Risk Management Committee met four times.

                                                                       Attended/                                                         Attended/
 Members                                     Independent        Eligible to attend     Invitees for relevant agenda items         Eligible to attend

 Peter TSE Pak Wing (chairman)                                                4/4      CEO                                                        4/4
 Poh Lee TAN                                                                  4/4      CFO                                                        4/4
 May Siew Boi TAN                                                             4/4      CSO                                                        1/1
 Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                                           4/4      CLO                                                        3/3
                                                                                       Chief Information Officer                                  1/1
                                                                                       Senior representatives from                                2/2
                                                                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”)
                                                                                         (the external auditor) and
                                                                                         Jones Lang LaSalle Limited (“JLL”)
                                                                                         (former Principal Valuer)(1)
                                                                                       Director – Asset Management                                1/1
                                                                                         (Hong Kong)
                                                                                       Director – Human Resources                                 1/1
                                                                                       Director – Property &                                      1/1
                                                                                         Car Park Management
                                                                                       Head of Finance                                            3/3
                                                                                       Heads of Internal Audit and Risk                           4/4
                                                                                         Management
                                                                                       General Manager – Corporate                                1/1
                                                                                         Development & Strategy
                                                                                       Assistant General Manager –                                1/1
                                                                                         Management Office
                                                                                       Senior Manager – Investment                                1/1

Note:
(1) Senior representatives from JLL and PwC attended the sessions of the Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings to discuss and review the
    portfolio valuation and the interim and final results of Link




                                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements           35
Board Committee Reports




Work of the Audit and Risk Management Committee during the year and to the date of this Report

 Key areas of review                   Tasks performed

 Integrity of financial                • Reviewed the 2019/2020 final results announcement and annual report and Link’s
 reporting, endorsement                  financial statements and the Manager’s directors’ report and financial statements for
 of financial statements of              2019/2020 and recommended for approval by the Board
 Link and the Manager and              • Reviewed the 2019/2020 interim results announcement and interim report
 the disclosures therein,              • Reviewed announcements, circulars and other corporate communications issued by Link
 disclosures in the interim and        • Reviewed accounting policies including critical accounting policies and practices
 annual reports of Link                • Considered and discussed with the external auditor key audit matters in its report on
                                         interim and full-year review of financial results including a private discussion with the
                                         auditor in the absence of management
                                       • Reviewed the portfolio valuation reports together with former Principal Valuer and
                                         Principal Valuer for interim and final results of Link and recommended the same for
                                         approval by the Board
                                       • Considered the change in property valuation methodology

 Appointment and                       • Reviewed the work scope, quality, fees and terms of engagement of the external
 re-appointment/removal                  auditor and the audit and non-audit services provided by the external auditor
 of external auditor, review of        • Assessed external auditor’s independence and based on its review and assessment,
 external auditor’s                      recommended to the Board on the re-appointment of the external auditor of Link
 performance and audit
 and non-audit service fees

 Internal audit plan and audit         • Reviewed internal audit activities reports on a quarterly basis, monitored and followed
 work                                    up on the implementation of recommended actions
                                       • Approved the yearly internal audit plan for 2020/2021 and the four-year rolling internal
                                         audit plan for 2020/2021 to 2023/2024
                                       • Reviewed and satisfied itself that the internal audit function was independent,
                                         effective and adequately resourced in staffing and staff training
                                       • Through the Audit and Risk Management Committee chairman, discussed privately and
                                         from time-to-time with the Head of Internal Audit and Risk Management internal
                                         control and internal audit matters

 Internal control and                  • Reviewed the effectiveness of Link’s internal control and risk management systems
 risk management                         through the quarterly review of internal audit and risk management reports
                                       • Monitored risks specified on Link’s corporate risk register on an on-going basis by
                                         identifying new risks, residual risks, monitoring of movement of risks and receiving
                                         management’s representations thereon
                                       • Endorsed the corporate risk register for yearly review and approval by the Board
                                       • Discussed privately and from time-to-time with the Head of Internal Audit and Head of
                                         Risk Management on internal audit and risk management matters
                                       • Reviewed and considered through the assistance of the human resources function the
                                         adequacy of resources, staff qualifications, experience, training and budget of the
                                         finance and accounting functions of the Manager
                                       • Reviewed and satisfied itself that the risk management functions were independent,
                                         effective, and adequately resourced in terms of staffing and staff training
                                       • Reviewed the internal control guidelines and the risk monitoring framework for
                                         Relevant Investments
                                       • Reviewed the whistle-blowing cases and anti-corruption cases and followed up as
                                         appropriate




36   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                        Board Committee Reports




 Key areas of review               Tasks performed

 Compliance with the REIT          • Reviewed quarterly regulatory and operational compliance reports on an on-going
 Code, the Listing Rules, and        basis, and monitored compliance issues
 other regulatory requirements:    • Reviewed and monitored connected party transactions through quarterly reports
 – connected party                   submitted by the company secretary and half-yearly review by internal audit function
    transactions as within the       and ensured compliance with the requirements of the REIT Code and the conditions of
    requirements of the              the relevant SFC waivers
    relevant SFC waivers           • Reviewed disclosures in the corporate governance report, monitored the compliance
 – provisions of the                 with the Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code, and endorsed the going concern
    Compliance Manual                statement and the statement of compliance with the Listing Rules Corporate
    (including the Link              Governance Code for inclusion in the annual report and financial statements
    Securities Dealing Code        • Reviewed quarterly updates on property development and related activities and the
    and the Link Corporate           extent, in percentage terms, to which the GAV Cap and the Maximum Cap have been
    Governance Policy) and the       applied in relation to Link’s property development and/or Relevant Investments
    code of conduct applicable       activities and reviewed the disclosures in annual report in relation thereto
    to Directors                   • Monitored compliance with the Compliance Manual (which sets out the Link Corporate
 – disclosures in the interim        Governance Policy and the Link Securities Dealing Code) through quarterly reports
    and annual reports and           submitted
    interim and final results
    announcements
 – other regulatory and
    operational compliance

 Others                            •   Reviewed the terms of reference of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                                   •   Reviewed and endorsed the appointment of the new Principal Valuer
                                   •   Reviewed the fee of Trustee
                                   •   The Chairman interviewed the candidates for the roles of Head of Risk Management
                                       and Head of Internal Audit. Since April 2020, these roles have been discharged by
                                       separate individuals


I would like to thank all the committee members for their dedication in discharging their duties.
None of the members of this committee was a partner or a former partner of Link’s external auditor within two years
immediately before his/her appointment.


Peter TSE Pak Wing
Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee

Hong Kong, 1 June 2020




                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   37
Board Committee Reports




Report of the Finance and Investment Committee
The Finance and Investment Committee is responsible for overseeing the business and financial matters of Link.

Composition and Attendance
In accordance with Link Corporate Governance Policy, members of the Finance and Investment Committee may not also be
members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Finance and Investment Committee met eight times.

                                                                    Attended/                                                   Attended/
 Members                                  Independent        Eligible to attend   Invitees for relevant agenda items     Eligible to attend

 Nicholas Charles ALLEN (chairman)                                        8/8     CSO                                                 3/3
 George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                                8/8     CLO                                                 6/6
 NG Kok Siong                                                             8/8     Chief Investment Officer (Asia)                     5/5
 Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                                                      8/8     Director – Asset Management (China)                 2/2
 Christopher John BROOKE                                                  8/8     Director – Asset Management                         2/2
                                                                                    (Hong Kong)
 Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                                       8/8
                                                                                  Director – Project & Operations                     4/4
 Elaine Carole YOUNG                                                      7/8
                                                                                  Head of Asset Management                            4/4
                                                                                    (Hong Kong)
                                                                                  Head of Capital Markets                             5/5
                                                                                  Head of Finance                                     1/1
                                                                                  Senior Legal Counsel (M&A)                          1/1
                                                                                  General Manager – Corporate                         2/2
                                                                                    Development & Strategy
                                                                                  General Manager – Investment                        2/2
                                                                                  General Manager – Project & Planning                2/2
                                                                                  General Manager – Regulatory                        1/1
                                                                                    Compliance
                                                                                  Assistant General Manager                           1/1
                                                                                    – Management Office
                                                                                  Senior Manager – Risk Management                    1/1
                                                                                  Consultant, Asset Management                        2/2
                                                                                    – China




38   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                        Board Committee Reports




Work of the Finance and Investment Committee during the year and to the date of this Report

 Key areas of review               Tasks performed

 Investment, acquisition           • Discussed and evaluated various investment opportunities, the required rate of return as
 and disposal, capital recycle       within the investment criteria approved by the Board and financing plans for potential
 decisions                           acquisitions
                                   • Made site visits for physical inspection of potential target assets
                                   • Discussed and endorsed the acquisition of an office property known as “100 Market
                                     Street” located at the central business district of Sydney, Australia, and recommended
                                     the financing plan regarding this acquisition for approval by the Board
                                   • Discussed and recommended for approval by the Board the Unit buy-back mandate and
                                     monitored the execution and progress of the buy-back programme
                                   • Discussed and recommended for approval by the Board the payment of discretionary
                                     distribution for the six months ended 30 September 2019

 Financing matters                 • Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the renewal of MTN
                                     programme and general mandate for management to issue notes under the MTN
                                     programme
                                   • Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the four-year club loan of
                                     HK$12,000 million

 Budget and forecasts              • Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the budget for FY2020/2021
                                     and business plans
                                   • Reviewed, discussed and approved the support scheme for tenants in Hong Kong and
                                     the PRC

 Financing plans and               • Reviewed regularly capital management reports and treasury reports and considered
 strategies                          capital market conditions as regularly reported by treasury team
                                   • Reviewed and discussed the performance of bond investments made by Link, and
                                     approved the adjustment of the bond investment mandate

 Asset enhancement                 • Approved new asset enhancement projects; reviewed regularly the progress of
                                     existing asset enhancement projects; evaluated performance of existing asset
                                     enhancement projects; and reviewed other capital expenditure proposals
                                   • Reviewed and discussed the placemaking plan and the roll-out programme for selected
                                     sites

 Relevant Investments              • Reviewed, discussed and approved the scope of the relevant investments mandate to
                                     management and execution arrangement
                                   • Evaluated opportunities within the scope of the relevant investments mandate

 Others                            • Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the change of board lot size of
                                     500 Units to 100 Units
                                   • Discussed the impact of the political turbulence on Link’s performance
                                   • Discussed and recommended for approval by the Board the updated delegated
                                     financial and signing authority for expenditures requirements for the Manager’s
                                     subsidiaries established during the year under review


I would like to thank all the committee members for their dedication in discharging their duties during the year.


Nicholas Charles ALLEN
Chairman of the Finance and Investment Committee

Hong Kong, 1 June 2020


                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   39
Board Committee Reports




Report of the Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board and Board
Committees (having regard to the skills and experience, independence and diversity of the members) and makes
recommendations to the Board with regard to any new Board appointment and succession planning. The Nomination
Committee also helps the Board oversee corporate governance practices of the Manager.
The Nomination Committee adopts a forward-looking approach to identify potential candidates for appointment to the
Board, taking into account the future requirements of the Board and the scheduled retirement of long serving NED/INEDs.

Composition and Attendance
During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Nomination Committee met four times.

                                                                     Attended/                                                 Attended/
 Members                                   Independent        Eligible to attend   Invitees for relevant agenda items   Eligible to attend

 Nicholas Charles ALLEN (chairman)                                         4/4     CLO                                               3/3
 George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                                 4/4     Representatives from independent                  1/1
                                                                                     external consultants
 Blair Chilton PICKERELL                                                   4/4
 May Siew Boi TAN                                                          4/4




40    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                       Board Committee Reports




Work of the Nomination Committee during the year and to the date of this Report

 Key areas of review              Tasks performed

 Appointment,                     • Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the renewal of the term of
 re-appointment and                 Mr Ian Keith GRIFFITHS (as a NED), Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing and Ms Nancy TSE Sau Ling
 removal of Directors,              (each as an INED), for three years
 nomination of Directors          • Recommended the re-election of three retiring Directors (Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing,
 for re-election by Unitholders     Ms Nancy TSE Sau Ling and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG) who will stand for re-election at
 at annual general meeting          the forthcoming 2020 AGM after considering their respective contributions, skills and
                                    experience, and expertise as well as assessing their independence; and recommended for
                                    election at the 2020 AGM Mr NG Kok Siong who was appointed to the Board as an ED
                                    with effect from 1 February 2020

 Board diversity                  • Reviewed the Board Diversity Policy of Link and regularly monitored its application

 Composition of                   • Reviewed the composition, size and structure, and memberships of the Board and
 the Board and Board                Board Committees by (i) taking into account the expertise, time commitment, skills and
 Committees as within the           experience of the members; (ii) with particular reference to the Board Diversity Policy
 Link Corporate Governance          of Link; and (iii) taking into consideration the Link Corporate Governance Policy and the
 Policy                             Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code
                                  • Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the appointment of Mr NG Kok
                                    Siong as a new ED

 Succession planning              • Considered the engagement of independent external consultant in the search for
                                    potential candidates for INEDs

 Board performance                • Reviewed Directors’ time commitment through, among others, monitoring their
 evaluation                         meeting attendance for the year and number of outside directorships they held
                                  • Reviewed training and continuous professional development undertaken by each
                                    Director in the year
                                  • Engaged an independent external consultant to conduct a Board performance
                                    evaluation
                                  • Carried out a formal, comprehensive Board performance evaluation exercise with the
                                    assistance of an independent external consultant

 Assisted the Board in            • Assessed the independence of each INED, and the time required from the NED and
 ensuring compliance with           INEDs (including any prospective Director) to fulfil their fiduciary duties of overseeing
 the Link Corporate                 Link’s business and serving the Board and its committees
 Governance Policy and
 practices

 Others                           • Reviewed the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee


I would like to thank all the committee members for the dedicated efforts they put in during the year.


Nicholas Charles ALLEN
Chairman of the Nomination Committee

Hong Kong, 1 June 2020




                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   41
Board Committee Reports




Report of the Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the remuneration policy and strategy of Link. It reviews and
recommends to the Board the remuneration level of the CEO, the CFO and the Chief Operating Officer, NED and INEDs and
also determines the remuneration packages of senior management. It is comprised entirely of INEDs.

Composition and Attendance
During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Remuneration Committee met three times.

                                                                     Attended/                                                 Attended/
 Members                                   Independent        Eligible to attend   Invitees for relevant agenda items   Eligible to attend

 Blair Chilton PICKERELL (chairman)                                        3/3     Chairman of the Board                             3/3
 Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                                        3/3     CEO                                               3/3
 May Siew Boi TAN                                                          3/3     CLO                                               1/1
 Elaine Carole YOUNG                                                       3/3     Director – Human Resources                        3/3

                                                                                   Senior representatives from Aon                   1/1
                                                                                     (an independent external
                                                                                     consultant)
                                                                                   Senior representatives from Mercer                1/1
                                                                                     (an independent external
                                                                                     consultant)



Work of the Remuneration Committee during the year and to the date of this Report
Independent external consultants are engaged to assist the Remuneration Committee in discussing and reviewing executive
compensation by providing market data, industry analysis and executive remuneration advices.
During the year under review, the Remuneration Committee has engaged Aon, an independent external consultant to review
and make recommendations for the enhancement of Link’s Executive Compensation Framework for FY2019/2020 onwards
with an aim of ensuring that the EDs and senior management are competitively rewarded especially for Link’s long-term value
creation. The consultant put forth a framework which has made references to the best practices as adopted by peer group
companies. The Framework included an appropriate pay mix composing of fixed pay, variable short-term incentive and
long-term incentive to reward the employees for their KPIs achievement as well as to drive and incentivise the contribution
towards the long-term success of the Company.
The Chairman attends relevant sessions of the Remuneration Committee meetings to provide his input on the performance of
the CEO, and the CEO presents his performance assessment of the Chief Operating Officer, the CFO, the CSO and the CLO to
assist the Remuneration Committee to review the remuneration packages of the CEO, the CFO and the Chief Operating
Officer and determine the remuneration packages of the CSO and the CLO. Director – Human Resources regularly attends
Remuneration Committee meetings to brief members on market pay trends, talent development and training and other
employment matters.
The Remuneration Committee is the administrator of the Long-term Incentive Schemes. It recommends the grant of awards to
the CEO, the CFO, the Chief Operating Officer and other Directors for approval by the Board. It determines the grant of awards
to senior management including the CSO and the CLO. It also determines the vesting of the Long-term Incentive Schemes
awards.
Each Director abstains when voting on his/her own remuneration.




42    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                        Board Committee Reports




 Key areas of review              Tasks performed

 Remuneration policies            • Reviewed the remuneration framework, policy and structure for EDs, senior management
                                    and key employees
                                  • Reviewed, with the assistance of an independent external consultant (being Aon) on
                                    market development and practices in executive remuneration and business performance

 Remuneration strategy and        • Reviewed the general market pay trend and endorsed the budgets for salary increment
 policies for senior                and performance bonus for senior management staff
 management and staff and         • Reviewed and approved the overall salary increment and bonus budgets for all staff
 the training and continuous      • Reviewed the leadership training and development plans submitted by Director
 professional development of        – Human Resources
 senior management                • Discussed training and continuous professional development of senior management

 Remuneration packages of         • Reviewed and recommended (with the assistance of independent external consultants)
 EDs and senior management          to the Board for approval of the remuneration packages of the CEO (with input from
                                    the Chairman), the CFO and the Chief Operating Officer (with input from the CEO)
                                  • Reviewed and determined the remuneration package of senior management team
                                    including the CSO and the CLO (with inputs from the CEO)
                                  • Discussed, with the assistance of Aon, the executive compensation framework

 Review of Long-term              • Performed review of the plan design and performance conditions of the Long-term
 Incentive Scheme                   Incentive Scheme, with assistance of Aon

 Grant and vesting of Long-       • Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the proposed grant of Award
 term Incentive Scheme              under the 2017 LTI Scheme to the CEO, the CFO and the Chief Operating Officer and
 awards in favour of Directors      other senior management
 and senior management            • Approved the grant of Award to members of the senior management team and certain
 under the Long-term                other key staff under the 2017 LTI Scheme in the year
 Incentive Schemes                • Reviewed the vesting results of restricted unit awards vested under the 2007 LTI Plan
                                    and 2017 LTI Scheme in the year


I would like to thank all the committee members for their dedicated efforts.


Blair Chilton PICKERELL
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee

Hong Kong, 1 June 2020




                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   43
Regulation and Compliance

Regulatory Framework
Link is a collective investment scheme authorised by the SFC under section 104 of the SFO. It is also a constituent of the Hang
Seng Index and its Units are listed on the Stock Exchange. Link Asset Management Limited is the Manager. HSBC Institutional
Trust Services (Asia) Limited is the Trustee.

•    The Manager
     The Manager is licensed by the SFC under section 116 of the SFO to conduct the regulated activity of asset management,
     and manages Link in the interest of the Unitholders. The Manager is wholly owned by the Trustee and charges
     management fee on a cost recovery basis. The Manager does not charge any acquisition/divestment fee, or fee based
     on a percentage of assets under management or other performance-related indicia. This minimises conflict and aligns
     with the interest of the Unitholders.

•    The Trustee
     The Trustee is a registered trust company for collective investment schemes under the SFO and the REIT Code, holding
     all the Link’s assets in trust for and in the sole interest of all Unitholders. The Trustee and the Manager operate
     independently.

The respective rights and obligations of the Manager and the Trustee are governed by the Trust Deed. The Trustee carries out
periodic reviews on the Manager, in addition to the reviews performed by the internal auditor and external auditor. The
Trustee’s Report is set out on page 86 of this report.
The activities of the Manager and Link are regulated by the SFC pursuant to the REIT Code and the SFO. The business of Link
and activities of the Manager are subject to inspection from time-to-time by the SFC.
During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Manager managed Link, in all material aspects, in accordance with the provisions of
the Trust Deed and the Compliance Manual.
The names of the four responsible officers of the Manager for the purposes of the SFO appear in the ‘Corporate Information’
section of this report.




44   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                            Regulation and Compliance




Corporate Structure

                                                                           UNITHOLDERS


                                                                               TRUSTEE
                                                             HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited



                                       100%                                                                                   100%
                                                                               Management
                                                                                 services
                                     MANAGER
                          Link Asset Management Limited(1)                     Manager’s fee                        The Link Holdings Limited(2)



                 100%                                                                                                                                    100%
                                                              100%                                    60%(5)                               Hong Kong Property Investments
        Property Management
                                                       PRC Headquarters                  Hong Kong Property Development                        • Link Properties Limited
      Link Property Management                                                            Century Land Investment Limited
           Services Limited(3)                  領展房地產諮詢        （上海）    有限公司(4)                                                                • Great Land (HK) Limited
                                                 (Link Real Estate Consultancy                                                                • Link Monte (HK) Limited
                                                     (Shanghai) Co., Limited)

                                                                                                                                                         100%
                                                                                                         100%                                          Financing
                                                                                             China Property Investments                        • The Link Finance Limited
                                                                                            The Link (PRC) Holdings Limited                      • Link 2019 CB Limited
                                                                                                                                       • The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited


                                                                                                          100%
                                                                                                       Investment                                        100%
                                                                                                                                           Australia Property Investment(6)
                                                                                               The Link Finance (Cayman)
                                                                                                                                         Link (International) Holdings Limited
                                                                                                      2006 Limited



Notes:
(1) Type 9 licensed entity under the SFO.
(2) The Link Holdings Limited is the holding company of all SPVs of Link, and Link’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2020 are set out in Note 33 to the
    consolidated financial statements. The Trustee is the sole owner, on behalf of all Unitholders, of both the Manager and The Link Holdings Limited, which
    holds all of the Link’s assets. The Units represent stapled interest in these two companies.
(3) Established on 17 July 2019 and commenced operation on 1 April 2020.
(4) Established on 11 November 2019 and commenced operation on 1 January 2020.
(5) 40% interests are held by Nan Fung Development Limited.
(6) Completed the acquisition of an office property known as “100 Market Street” in Sydney, Australia on 7 April 2020.




                                                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements                  45
Regulation and Compliance




Compliance With Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code and Other Regulations
Throughout the year ended 31 March 2020:
(i) Link and the Manager complied with the REIT Code, the SFO, applicable provisions of the Listing Rules, the Trust Deed,
    and, in all material respects, the Compliance Manual; and
(ii) Link and the Manager applied the principles and to the extent appropriate, complied with, the code provisions in the
     Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code, save and except code provision A.4.2. The Manager considers that rigid
     application of code provision A.4.2 to our EDs is not in the best interests of the Unitholders. Business continuity and
     longevity at top management level work for the long-term benefit of Link. Frequent re-shuffles of the executive
     directorate, absent the anchor of a controlling Unitholder, tends to promote “short-termism”. Any risk of entrenchment in
     office is counter-balanced by an overwhelming majority of INEDs on our Board, who have the collective power (and the
     Unitholders also have the same power under the Trust Deed) to remove a recalcitrant ED.

Compliance With Link Securities Dealing Code
The Link Securities Dealing Code governs dealing in securities of Link by Directors, senior management, and other employees
of certain senior grades and their respective associates. The terms of the Link Securities Dealing Code are regularly reviewed
and updated (when as appropriate) to ensure that they are no less exacting than those set out in the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.
All the Directors, after making specific enquiries of each of them, have confirmed that they complied with the required
standard set out in the Link Securities Dealing Code throughout the year ended 31 March 2020.
Pursuant to the Link Securities Dealing Code, Directors or senior management or other relevant senior employees wishing to
deal in the securities of Link must first have regard to the provisions of Parts XIII and XIV of the SFO with respect to insider
dealing and market misconduct as if such SFO provisions were applicable to Link. They must also refrain from dealing in the
securities of Link if they are aware of, or are privy to, any negotiations or agreements relating to intended acquisitions or
disposals, or have been otherwise in possession of unpublished inside information, until proper disclosure of the inside
information in accordance with the REIT Code and the Listing Rules has been made.
Staff members who are involved in the preparation of the interim and final results announcements and the related reports of
Link are prohibited from dealing in the Units of Link (or black-out) for the period and in the manner as specified by the Listing
Rules and the Compliance Manual. The Manager also imposes and enforces ad hoc black-out requirements on staff members
who are involved in corporate transactions or possess inside information relating to them in the manner as required by the
Listing Rules, the inside information provisions of the SFO and the Compliance Manual. Staff members subject to black-out
will be suspended from participating in the EUPP until the black-out is lifted.

Compliance With Inside Information Requirements
The Manager has an escalation policy for monitoring information flow in order for management to identify relevant issues and
for the Board to make timely disclosure of inside information as required. It also has stringent internal procedures to preserve
confidentiality of inside information. The Manager has complied with the requirements of Part XIVA of the SFO, as if such SFO
provisions were applicable to Link. The company secretary maintains records of meetings and discussions of the management,
the Board and/or Board Committees concerning the assessment of inside information, keeps a register of inside information
and updates the Directors on a regular basis.




46   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                        Regulation and Compliance




Directors’ Responsibility for the Financial Statements
The Directors acknowledged their responsibilities for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Link for the
year ended 31 March 2020, which had been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Management Committee and approved by the
Board.
The statement of the auditor regarding its reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements of Link is set out
in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 87 to 91 of this report.

Auditor’s Re-Appointment and Remuneration
The Audit and Risk Management Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board the re-appointment of the existing
external auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers).
In making its recommendation, the Audit and Risk Management Committee took into consideration the quality and
effectiveness of the work, current level of remuneration as against market trend and the independence of the external auditor
who has confirmed in writing to the Audit and Risk Management Committee its independence with respect to Link and that
there is no relationship between it (as the external auditor) and Link which might reasonably bring to bear on their
independence. It has also considered the scope of non-audit services provided by the external auditor and assessed whether
its independence and objectivity were and could be affected by the rendering of these non-audit services.
All services provided by the external auditor in the year were reviewed and approved by the Audit and Risk Management
Committee which has set guidelines governing the engagement of the external auditor for provision of non-audit services
and pre-approval amounts and thresholds for non-audit services. The Manager considered (and the Audit and Risk
Management Committee also agreed) that the external auditor’s review of interim results and report and annual tax filings
services for Link’s entities (as tax representative) are recurring items, and the rendering by the external auditor of such
recurring services did not impact its objectivity or any perceived independence in auditing the financial statements of Link.
Non-audit services for the year included mainly transaction due diligence, accounting and tax advisory services. An analysis of
the fees paid/payable to the external auditor for audit and non-audit services for the year ended 31 March 2020 is set out in
Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.

Updates on Directors’ Biographical Information since Interim Report 2019/2020
•   Mr NG Kok Siong was appointed as an ED of the Manager with effect from 1 February 2020.
•   Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL was appointed as an independent non-executive director and a member of each of the
    Finance Committee and Corporate Governance Committee of First Pacific Company Limited, a company listed on the
    Main Board of the Stock Exchange, with effect from 25 March 2020. He was also appointed as the chairman of the Risk
    Management and Compliance Committee of Dah Sing Bank, Limited with effect from 29 May 2020.
•   Mr Christopher John BROOKE ceased to be the global president of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS)
    with effect from 2 December 2019. In addition, he ceased to be a director of Brooke Husband Limited (now known as
    Husband Retail Limited) with effect from 1 April 2020.
•   Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY was appointed as an adjunct professor of the Department of Real Estate and
    Construction of The University of Hong Kong with effect from 1 June 2020.
Biographies of our Directors are set out on pages 56 to 61 of this report and can be viewed on Link’s corporate website:
Linkreit.com.




                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   47
Regulation and Compliance




Information to Unitholders
Right to Appoint, Remove and Re-appoint Directors
By the Board
The Trust Deed provides that the Board may (on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee):
• at any time appoint any person who is willing to act as a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or (subject to the maximum
  number of 14 Board members) as an additional Board member; and
• remove any Director, and in such case, the Board shall give the incumbent Director notice to that effect signed by all the
  other Directors.
A Director shall abstain from voting in respect of his/her own re-appointment.

By the Unitholders
The Trust Deed provides that Unitholders may appoint, re-appoint or remove any Director by an ordinary resolution:
• two or more registered Unitholders holding together not less than 10% of the Units in issue may serve written request to
  the Manager which shall convene a meeting of Unitholders to consider the proposed ordinary resolution to appoint,
  re-appoint or remove a Director; and
• if the proposed resolution is supported by a recommendation of the Nomination Committee, the effective quorum for the
  relevant Unitholders’ meeting shall be two (or more) registered Unitholders holding together not less than 10% of the Units
  in issue; otherwise, the effective quorum for the relevant Unitholders’ meeting shall be two (or more) registered
  Unitholders holding together not less than 25% of the Units in issue.
Subject to the passing of the ordinary resolution, the Trustee and the Manager shall take all necessary actions to give effect to
such appointment, re-appointment or removal of Director.

Retirement by Articles
The Articles require that:
• any Director so appointed by the Board shall retire but be eligible for re-election at the next following annual general
  meeting (with such Director not being taken into account in determining the number of Directors subject to retirement by
  rotation at such annual general meeting);
• EDs shall not be subject to retirement by rotation at annual general meeting; and
• one-third of the NED/INEDs shall be subject to retirement by rotation (but are eligible for re-election) at each annual
  general meeting.
The Link Corporate Governance Policy further requires one-third of the INEDs to retire by rotation at each annual general
meeting.




48   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                         Regulation and Compliance




Right to Convene Meetings and Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals
According to the Trust Deed, a general meeting of Unitholders may be convened:
• by the Trustee; or
• by the Manager; or
• by not less than two Unitholders registered as together holding not less than 10% of the Units in issue, who may serve
  written request to the Manager to ask the Manager to convene a general meeting of Unitholders and propose resolutions
  for consideration at such meeting.
Notice convening the annual general meeting or other general meeting of Unitholders will be given to the Unitholders in
accordance with the requirements of the Trust Deed, the REIT Code and the Listing Rules. Generally, two or more Unitholders
present in person or by proxy registered as holding together not less than 10% of the Units in issue shall form a quorum for the
transaction of business at a general meeting but for passing a special resolution, the quorum shall be not less than 25% of the
Units in issue.
In accordance with the REIT Code and the Trust Deed, any resolution put to a general meeting of Unitholders shall be decided
by poll except (as permitted by the Trust Deed and under waiver granted by the SFC) where the chairman of the meeting, in
good faith, decides to allow a resolution which relates purely to a procedural and administrative matter to be decided by a
show of hands given that such matter (i) is not on the agenda of the general meeting or in any supplemental circular to
Unitholders; and (ii) relates to the chairman’s duties to maintain the orderly conduct of the meeting and/or allow the business
of the meeting to be properly and effectively dealt with, whilst allowing all Unitholders a reasonable opportunity to express
their views.

Matters Required to be Decided by Special Resolution
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, each of the following matters requires specific Unitholders’ approval by way of special resolution:
(i) disposal of any real estate forming part of the assets of Link within two years from the date of acquisition (or, in the case
    of engaging in any property development and related activities, from the date that such property development and
    related activities is completed);
(ii) disposal by the Trustee of all or any of the issued share capital of the Manager;
(iii) any increase in the maximum percentage rate or any change to the structure of the Trustee’s fee which is not provided
      for in the Trust Deed;
(iv) any modification, alteration or addition to the Trust Deed, save for certain circumstances specified in the Trust Deed;
(v) termination or merger of Link; and
(vi) removal of the Trustee under certain circumstances.

Directors’ Service Contracts
There is no service contract, which is not determinable by the Manager within one year without payment of compensation
(other than statutory compensation) in respect of those Directors who are due to retire and offer for re-election at the 2020
AGM.




                                                                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   49
Regulation and Compliance




Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts
Save as disclosed under the ‘Connected Party Transactions’ section on pages 76 to 81 of this report and in Note 31 to the
consolidated financial statements, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to Link’s business to
which the Manager was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
end of the year or at any time during the year.
The Manager entered into agreements with Directors and certain key employees in respect of the grant of Restricted Unit
Awards under the 2017 LTI Scheme in the year under review. Other than the 2017 LTI Scheme, there was no arrangement in the
year under review whose objects were to enable Directors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of Units of Link, or
shares in, or debenture of, any other body corporate of Link. Further details of the 2017 LTI Scheme are disclosed on pages 69
to 73 of this report and Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements. Save as disclosed, there was no equity-linked
agreement entered into by the Manager in the year under review.

Permitted Indemnity Provisions
There are permitted indemnity provisions in the Articles of the Manager and the articles of association of relevant SPVs of
Link to provide indemnity to directors of the Manager and other members of the Group against any third party liability
incurred by them in discharging their duties.
The Manager reviews every two years the coverage (including the amount insured) of the directors’ and officers’ liability
insurance to ensure that directors and officers (including the company secretary) of all members of the Group in so serving
Link, its SPVs and the Manager and its subsidiaries are fairly and sufficiently covered against legal actions and potential liability
to third parties. The directors’ and officers’ liability insurance was renewed in December 2018 and continued to be in force
during the year under review.

Link Together Initiatives
The Link Together Initiatives programme is part of the charity and community engagement programme (“CCEP”) of Link since
2013 for making charitable donations or sponsorship in order to enhance the sustainable development of the local
communities in the vicinity of the real estate owned and/or operated by Link and to improve the lives of the residents of
those communities.
In the year under review, upon the recommendation of the selection committee, the Board approved approximately
HK$14.1 million to fund selected projects under the Link Together Initiatives. The themes of all these selected projects are in
line with the objectives of the Link Together Initiatives which are to promote the sustainable development of the
communities around Link’s properties through supporting the well-being of the elderly and the disadvantaged and education,
training and development of children and youth services in the communities around Link’s properties. Details of selected
projects under the Link Together Initiatives in the year under review are set out on pages 82 to 85 of this report.
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, Link may apply an amount not exceeding 0.25% of the NPI in respect of the immediately
preceding financial year to any charitable institution or community group as a charitable donation or sponsorship, as may be
determined by the Manager in accordance with the rules adopted by the Board from time-to-time. On 1 June 2020, the Board
approved the amendments of the relevant plan rules to (i) insert the promotion of sustainable living and environmentally
friendly practices as an additional objective, (ii) cover the communities in the vicinity of the real estate owned and/or
operated by Link in any jurisdiction, (iii) establish Link-initiated projects for making direct charitable donations or sponsorship
to charitable institutions or community groups, and (iv) strengthen the governance of CCEP.
The Manager plans to make charitable donations or sponsorship to charitable institutions or community groups outside Hong
Kong not earlier than the FY2021/2022.

Employee Unit Purchase Plan
The EUPP, under which the Manager subsidises eligible employees to purchase Units and fosters a sense of ownership among
staff. Employees meeting prescribed criteria of the EUPP are entitled to subsidies from the Manager to purchase from the
open market Units through an independent third party intermediary (currently, Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited). Four
purchases are made in each financial year on pre-determined dates, and the amount of subsidy for each eligible employee is
determined in accordance with the rules of the EUPP with reference to such employee’s length of service and appraised
performance.
In the year under review, 549 eligible employees of the Manager participated in the EUPP who together purchased
226,183 Units on the Stock Exchange at a total consideration of HK$19,069,269.25 of which HK$2,755,324.00 were subsidised
by the Manager.

50   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                            Regulation and Compliance




Information on Units of Link
Issue of New Units
During the year under review, 477,632 new Units were issued to satisfy vesting of restricted unit awards granted pursuant to
the 2007 LTI Plan. Based on 2,057,898,386 Units in issue as at 31 March 2020, the number of new Units issued in the year
represented approximately 0.02% of the issued Units of Link.

Buy-Back, Sale or Redemption of Link’s Listed Units
During the year under review, the Manager (on behalf of Link) bought back a total of 51,900,500 Units on the Stock Exchange
at an aggregate consideration (excluding expenses) of approximately HK$4,240.3 million. Further details are set out as follows:

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                       Purchase price per Unit                                aggregate
                                        Number of Units                                                                   consideration
 Month                                    bought back                    Highest                      Lowest       (excluding expenses)
                                                                            HK$                         HK$                      HK$’M

 2019
 August                                        3,544,000                   88.50                        86.20                      308.0
 September                                     9,487,000                   89.40                        86.00                      829.5
 December                                     13,387,000                   82.50                         78.55                    1,072.4

 2020
 January                                      14,679,000                   86.55                         78.95                    1,209.7
 February                                       7,719,800                   79.00                       74.90                          597.6
 March                                         3,083,700                   74.00                         71.35                         223.1


All the Units bought back were cancelled prior to the financial year end. Unit buy-backs by the Manager in the year under
review were carried out pursuant to the general mandate to buy back Units granted by the Unitholders that was in force in
the relevant time, and were made in the interest of Link and the Unitholders as a whole. The average cost (excluding
expenses) of the Units bought back was approximately HK$81.70 per Unit.
Save as disclosed above, neither the Manager nor any of Link’s subsidiaries bought back, sold or redeemed any of Link’s listed
Units during the year under review.

Change of Board Lot Size
The Board announced on 13 November 2019 that the change of board lot size of the Units from 500 Units to 100 Units with
effect from 2 January 2020. The change in board lot size has not resulted in any change in the relative rights of the
Unitholders.

Issue of Guaranteed Green Convertible Bonds due 2024
During the year under review, Link 2019 CB Limited, a wholly-owned SPV of Link, completed the issue of HK$4,000,000,000
1.60 per cent. guaranteed green convertible bonds due 2024 (the “Convertible Bonds”) which are convertible into new Units
of Link at an initial conversion price of HK$109.39 per Unit (subject to adjustment) for a maturity of five years. The Convertible
Bonds were formally listed on the Stock Exchange on 4 April 2019 with stock code number 5936.
Link believes that the issue of the Convertible Bonds is in the best interests of Link and its Unitholders as a whole as the
Convertible Bonds will replenish Link’s maturing facilities, diversify Link’s funding source, expand investor base and potentially
increase the trading liquidity of Units if and when converted.
Based on the initial conversion price of HK$109.39 per Unit, the number of new Units to be issued upon full conversion of the
Convertible Bonds are approximately 36,566,413 Units.




                                                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       51
Regulation and Compliance




Link intends to use the net proceeds (after deduction of fees, commissions and other related expenses) of approximately
HK$3,974,000,000 from the issue of the Convertible Bonds to refinance or fund, in whole or in part, existing and future eligible
green projects selected in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as prescribed under and for general corporate
purposes that fit Link’s green finance framework. During the year under review, the net proceeds were used to refinance or
fund Link’s eligible green projects and general corporate purposes that fit its green finance framework which received second
opinion by Sustainalytics and the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency.
As of the date of this report, no conversion of the Convertible Bonds had been exercised by any holders of the Convertible
Bonds and no redemption of the Convertible Bonds was made by Link 2019 CB Limited.
For details of the Convertible Bonds issue, please refer to the announcements dated 7 March, 8 March and 3 April 2019 issued
by the Manager.

Unitholders Statistics
An analysis of the registered Unitholders as at 31 March 2020 according to the register of Unitholders of Link was as follows:

                                                                     Number of                Aggregate
                                                                     registered               number of
 Range of unitholdings                                              Unitholders               Units held              Percentage
                                                                                                                              %

 0–1,000                                                                   7,395               4,836,097                        0.23
 1,001–5,000                                                               13,110              29,179,140                       1.42
 5,001–10,000                                                              1,032                7,239,363                       0.35
 10,001–100,000                                                             674                18,838,581                       0.92
 100,001 or over                                                              75            1,997,805,205                   97.08

 Total                                                                   22,286            2,057,898,386                  100.00


HKSCC Nominees Limited (through which most holders hold their Units in Link) was the single largest registered Unitholder,
holding 1,976,994,158 Units (approximately 96%) as at 31 March 2020.
Based on the closing price of HK$65.7 per Unit and 2,057,898,386 Units then in issue, the market capitalisation of Link as at
31 March 2020 was approximately HK$135.2 billion. Further details are set out in Note 27 to the consolidated financial
statements.

Public Float
Based on the information publicly available to the Manager, Link continues to meet the required public float of no less than
25% of its issued Units in public hands.
As at the date of this report, Link does not have any controlling nor significant unitholder (has the meaning of “significant
holder” under 8.1(d) of Chapter 8 of the REIT Code, i.e. having an unitholding of 10% or more) ("Significant Unitholder(s)").

Directors of Subsidiaries
Directors of the Manager
The names of the current Directors of the Manager appear in the ‘Corporate Information’ section of this report. During the year
under review, Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming resigned as a Director and Mr NG Kok Siong was appointed as a Director.




52    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                           Regulation and Compliance




Directors of Link’s SPVs and the Manager's Subsidiaries
The following individuals are directors of Link’s SPVs and the Manager's subsidiaries during the year under review and up to
the date of this report:
•   Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
•   Mr NG Kok Siong
•   Mr Eric YAU Siu Kei
•   Mr Kenneth Tai Lun WONG
•   Ms Peionie KONG Po Yan
•   Mr Gary FOK Yip Sang
•   Ms Phyllis NG Yuen Fan
•   Mr Max WONG Hon Keung
•   Mr William LAI Hon Ming
•   Mr Ronnie WONG Yat San
•   Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(1)

Note:
(1) Not a Director of the Manager or a director of any SPV of Link as at the date of this report

During the year under review, no Director was interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete in any
material respect with Link.

Acquisition and Disposal of Real Estate
During the year under review, the acquisition of an office property known as “100 Market Street” in the central business
district of Sydney, Australia by Link at a consideration of A$683 million took place (which was completed after the financial
year end on 7 April 2020). Further details were disclosed in the announcements dated 19 December 2019 and 8 April 2020
issued by the Manager. Save as disclosed above, Link did not have any material acquisition and disposal of any of its
properties during the year under review.
As at 31 March 2020, Link’s portfolio comprised 132 assets (including 126 investment properties and The Quayside in Hong Kong
as well as five investment properties in Mainland China). Complete list and relevant details of those properties can be found
on pages 151 to 188 of this report.

Property Development and Related Activities
Link, through the joint venture with Nan Fung Development Limited on, respectively, 60% to 40% equity ratio, acquired a
piece of land (N.K.I.L. 6512) for development of the property now known as The Quayside. The property development project
was completed during the year under review. The occupation permit has been issued by the Buildings Department on 10 May
2019. As a result, full 10% of GAV is now available for development projects under the REIT Code and the Trust Deed.
Save as disclosed in Link’s Annual Report 2018/2019 and Interim Report 2019/2020, there are no further updates on the
commercial development project pursuant to 7.2A of the REIT Code.

Establishment of a Property Management Company and a PRC Company
During the year under review, the Manager established (i) a wholly-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong to take up the property
management functions of the Manager with respect to the properties held by Link in Hong Kong (the “PM Co”); and (ii) a
wholly-owned subsidiary in the PRC to take up corporate and management functions of the Manager specifically and only in
connection with Link’s properties located in the PRC (the “PRC Co”).
The Manager established the PM Co and delegates its Hong Kong property management powers, discretions, duties and
obligations under the Trust Deed and the REIT Code, to the PM Co. PM Co will not undertake any regulated activity within the
meaning of the SFO and is expected to be regulated, among others, by Property Management Services Ordinance (Cap. 626).
The Manager set up the PRC Co to be the PRC headquarters to handle matters relating to PRC properties. The major function
of the PRC Co is to execute, implement and support the PRC strategies of Link.




                                                                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   53
Regulation and Compliance




Relevant Investments
The Relevant Investments made by Link as of 31 May 2020 are set out below:

                                                                                                                      Percentage
                                                                   Credit rating                         Mark-to-        of gross
                             Primary                                                                      market            asset
 Debt securities              listing      Currency        S&P’s     Moody’s       Fitch   Total cost      value            value(1)
                                                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000               %

 CHJMAO 6.75 04/15/21          SGX            USD           BBB–       Baa3        BBB–       22,647        21,975            0.01
 YUEXIU 4.875 04/19/21         SEHK           USD             –        Baa3        BBB–       23,345        22,853            0.01
 YXREIT 4.75 04/27/21          SEHK           USD           BBB–       Baa3         –          124,171     122,355            0.06
 COGO 4.875 06/01/21           SEHK           USD           BBB–       Baa2        BBB         11,064       10,891          0.005
 HRINTH 3.25 06/03/21          SEHK           USD           BBB+        –           A          27,575       27,313            0.01
 CHINAM Float 07/16/21         SEHK           USD           BBB+       Baa1         –         39,445        38,652            0.02
 CHALHK 4.875 09/07/21         SEHK           USD             –         –           A–         18,537       18,261            0.01
 HRINTH 3.625 11/22/21         SEHK           USD           BBB+        –           A          63,401       63,352            0.03
 BCLMHK 4 01/22/22             SEHK           USD            A–         –           A          12,530        12,519           0.01
 CHJMAO 3.6 03/03/22           SEHK           USD           BBB–       Baa3        BBB–        92,931       91,309            0.04
 SINOCE 5.25 04/30/22          SEHK           USD             –        Baa3        BBB–        39,016       37,964            0.02
 CICCHK 3.375 05/03/22         SEHK           USD           BBB         –          BBB+       47,067        47,569            0.02
 CICCHK Float 05/03/22         SEHK           USD           BBB         –          BBB+       80,349        77,599            0.04
 CATIC 3.5 05/31/22            SEHK           USD             –        Baa1         A–        47,082        47,254            0.02
 LNGFOR 3.875 07/13/22         SGX            USD             –         –          BBB        59,229        57,664            0.03
 HAOHUA 3.5 07/19/22           SGX            USD           BBB         –           A–         94,314       95,015            0.05
 CJIANT 3.375 07/25/22         SEHK           USD             –         –           A+        156,185      157,359            0.08
 CHIOLI 3.95 11/15/22          SEHK           USD           BBB+       Baa1         –         24,048        24,152            0.01
 YUEXIU 4.5 01/24/23           SEHK           USD             –        Baa3        BBB–       47,297       46,648             0.02
 POLYRE 3.95 02/05/23          SEHK           USD           BBB–       Baa3        BBB+       266,371     268,490             0.13
 HAOHUA 4.625 03/14/23         SGX            USD           BBB         –           A–        65,204        65,575            0.03
 VNKRLE 4.15 04/18/23          SEHK           USD           BBB        Baa2        BBB+        80,310       81,041            0.04
 VNKRLE Float 05/25/23         SEHK           USD           BBB        Baa2        BBB+         7,853        7,569          0.004
 PINGIN 4.375 09/10/23         SGX            USD             –        Baa2         –         65,035        65,623            0.03
 POLYRE 4.75 09/17/23          SEHK           USD           BBB–       Baa3        BBB+       47,203        47,332            0.02
 YUEXIU 5.375 10/19/23         SEHK           USD             –        Baa3        BBB–        90,771       89,316            0.04
 HYNMTR 4.3 02/01/24           FRA            USD           BBB+       Baa1         –        204,052       198,492            0.10
 VNKRLE 5.35 03/11/24          SEHK           USD           BBB        Baa2        BBB+       64,328        65,311            0.03
 CHIOLI 5.95 05/08/24          SEHK           USD           BBB+       Baa1         A–         17,426        17,715           0.01
 CCBL 3.5 05/16/24             SEHK           USD             A         –           A        156,630       159,791            0.08
 SHGANG 4 05/23/24             SGX            USD             –         –           A–        94,278        98,091            0.05
 YXREIT 3.6 05/28/24         Unlisted         HKD             –        Baa3         –         30,000        29,592            0.01
 HRINTH 3.75 05/29/24          SEHK           USD             –        Baa1         A          39,421       39,361            0.02
 VNKRLE 4.2 06/07/24           SEHK           USD           BBB        Baa2        BBB+        38,914      39,808             0.02
 HAOHUA 3.375 06/19/24         SGX            USD             –        Baa2         A–        39,863        39,758            0.02
 CHJMAO 4 06/21/24             SEHK           USD           BBB–        –           –          53,159       51,185            0.03
 WB 3.5 07/05/24               SEHK           USD           BBB        Baa1         –         39,923        39,857            0.02
 CNBG 3.375 07/16/24           SEHK           USD           BBB         –           A–        127,189      126,802            0.06
 JOHNEL 4.125 07/30/24         SEHK           USD           BBB        Baa1         –         41,682        41,686            0.02
 HRINTH 3.25 11/13/24          SEHK           USD             –        Baa1         A         156,140      154,736            0.08

 Total                                                                                     2,755,987     2,747,835            1.34




54    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                 Regulation and Compliance




Note:
(1) “Gross asset value” is calculated by reference to the latest published accounts of Link as adjusted for any distribution declared and change in valuation (if
    any) subsequent to the publication of the accounts. “Percentage of gross asset value” is calculated based on the mark-to-market value of the Relevant
    Investments.

Based on the above, the portfolio of Relevant Investments represented approximately 1.34% of the gross asset value of Link as
of 31 May 2020 and is within the Maximum Cap. The combined value of the Relevant Investments together with the total
costs of property development and related activities are within the Maximum Cap. Link intends to hold the investments until
their maturity.

Other Information Updates
Major Real Estate Agents/Advisors
During the year under review, commissions paid to the top five real estate agents/advisors engaged by Link and their
respective services rendered are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Commission/                    Percentage of
 Name                                                Nature of services                                      advisory fees paid                  relevant costs
                                                                                                                        HK$’M                                %

 Jones Lang LaSalle Limited                          Leasing and marketing consultation/                                       17.0                          43.7
                                                       lease agency
 CBRE Limited                                        Lease agency                                                               9.8                           25.1
 Savills (Hong Kong) Limited                         Lease agency                                                               4.1                           10.4
 Centaline Property Agency Limited                   Lease agency                                                               1.7                           4.4
 上海鄰服企業管理有限公司                                        Lease agency                                                               1.7                           4.4



Major Contractors
During the year under review, the value of service contracts of the top five contractors engaged by Link and their respective
services rendered are as follows:

                                                                                                                        Value of                 Percentage of
 Name                                                Nature of services                                            services paid                 relevant costs
                                                                                                                         HK$’M                               %

 Gammon Construction Limited                         Project and maintenance                                                 336.4                            11.9
 ISG Asia (Hong Kong) Limited                        Project and maintenance                                                 282.4                            10.0
 Ka Shun Contractors Limited                         Project and maintenance                                                 124.4                            4.4
 Jetline Company Limited                             Project and maintenance                                                  113.8                           4.0
 Pat Davie Limited                                   Project and maintenance                                                  105.3                            3.7



Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year under review, the five largest customers combined accounted for less than 30% of Link’s total revenue.
For the year under review, the five largest suppliers combined and the largest supplier accounted for, respectively,
approximately 34.0% and approximately 11.9% of Link’s total relevant costs.
None of the Directors, any of their associates or Unitholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than
5% of the Units of Link in issue) had an interest in any of the top five suppliers.




                                                                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements               55
Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team
Directors of the Manager
Mr Nicholas Charles ALLEN                                        Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
Chairman (also an Independent Non-Executive Director)            Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer

Mr ALLEN, aged 65, has been an Independent Non-Executive         Mr HONGCHOY, aged 58, has been an Executive Director and
Director of the Manager since February 2016 and the              Chief Executive Officer of the Manager since February 2009
Chairman of the Board since April 2016. He is also the           and May 2010 respectively, and a member of the Nomination
chairman of the Nomination Committee and the Finance and         Committee and the Finance and Investment Committee of
Investment Committee of the Manager.                             the Manager. He is also one of the responsible officers of the
                                                                 Manager for the purposes of the SFO, a director of The Link
Mr ALLEN is currently an independent non-executive
                                                                 Holdings Limited, Link Properties Limited, The Link Finance
director of CLP Holdings Limited and Lenovo Group Limited
                                                                 Limited and a number of subsidiaries of Link.
(both of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange). He is also an independent non-executive director      He is the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Tracker
of Mordril Properties Limited (a private property company        Fund of Hong Kong (a Hong Kong unit trust authorised under
based in Hong Kong), Stevin Rock LLC and RAK Rock LLC            section 104 of the SFO whose units are listed on the Main
(both are private quarry companies located in the United         Board of the Stock Exchange), a trustee of the University of
Arab Emirates). He was an independent non-executive              Pennsylvania, an adjunct professor of the Department of
director of Hysan Development Company Limited (which is          Real Estate and Construction of The University of Hong
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange) and              Kong, a member of the Asia-Pacific Advisory Board of
VinaLand Limited (which was listed on the AIM of the             International Council of Shopping Centers, a global
London Stock Exchange).                                          governing trustee of the Urban Land Institute and an advisor
                                                                 of Our Hong Kong Foundation Limited. He was a member of
Mr ALLEN has extensive experience in accounting and
                                                                 the Corporate Governance Committee of Charoen Pokphand
auditing as well as securities and regulatory matters. He
                                                                 Group, Thailand from 2016 to 2018.
retired as a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers in 2007.
Mr ALLEN served on the Securities and Futures Appeals            Mr HONGCHOY began his career in New Zealand and has
Panel, the Takeovers and Mergers Panel, the Takeovers            since moved into senior management positions in financial
Appeal Committee, the Share Registrars’ Disciplinary             consulting, investment banking and real estate investment.
Committee of the SFC and as member of various
                                                                 He was named one of Harvard Business Review’s 100
committees of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                                                                 Best-Performing CEOs in the World 2019, the Country Winner
Accountants. He was an honorary advisor to the Financial
                                                                 of Hong Kong/Macau Region in the EY Entrepreneur of the
Reporting Council of Hong Kong. Currently, he is a director of
                                                                 Year 2017 China Award, Business Person of the Year by DHL/
Vision 2047 Foundation.
                                                                 SCMP Hong Kong Business Awards in 2015, and was also
Mr ALLEN holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics/           presented with the Director of the Year Award (Listed
Social Studies from The University of Manchester. He is a        Companies – Executive Directors) by The Hong Kong
Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England      Institute of Directors in 2011.
and Wales and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
                                                                 Mr HONGCHOY holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from
Certified Public Accountants. He is awarded “Directors of the
                                                                 the University of Canterbury and an MBA degree from The
Year 2017” by The Hong Kong Institute of Directors.
                                                                 Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. He is a
                                                                 Chartered Accountant, a Senior Fellow and a member of the
                                                                 Corporate Advisory Council of the Hong Kong Securities and
                                                                 Investment Institute, a Fellow and Council member of The
                                                                 Hong Kong Institute of Directors, and a Fellow member of
                                                                 the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the
                                                                 Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand, the
                                                                 Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, and the Institute of
                                                                 Shopping Centre Management.




56   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                    Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr NG Kok Siong                                               Mr Ian Keith GRIFFITHS
Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer                  Non-Executive Director

Mr NG, aged 48, was appointed as an Executive Director of     Mr GRIFFITHS, aged 65, has been a Non-Executive Director of
the Manager in February 2020. He has been the Chief           the Manager since September 2007. He is also a member of
Financial Officer and a member of the Finance and             the Finance and Investment Committee of the Manager.
Investment Committee of the Manager since May 2018. He is
                                                              Mr GRIFFITHS has lived in Hong Kong since 1983. He is the
also one of the responsible officers of the Manager for the
                                                              founder and chairman of the architectural practice Aedas
purposes of the SFO, a director of Link Properties Limited,
                                                              which has been one of the world’s ten largest architectural
The Link Finance Limited and a number of subsidiaries of
                                                              practices since 2006. Aedas has its headquarter in Hong
Link.
                                                              Kong and 13 global offices with 1,400 staff in Asia, the Middle
Mr NG has extensive experience in the real estate sector in   East, Europe and North America.
Asia covering a spectrum of strategic management roles in
                                                              Mr GRIFFITHS studied Architecture at St John’s College,
finance, investment, corporate development and business
                                                              University of Cambridge, graduating with distinction in 1978
technology. Since joining CapitaLand Group in 2005, Mr NG
                                                              and was admitted to The Royal Institute of British Architects
held various senior executive positions, including Chief
                                                              in 1980. He is a Fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of
Corporate Development Officer of CapitaLand Limited (a
                                                              Architects and an Honorary Fellow of the University of Wales
company listed on the Singapore Exchange), Chief Financial
                                                              Trinity Saint David and Cardiff University. He has extensive
Officer of CapitaMalls Asia Limited (currently known as
                                                              experience in high density urban planning and in the design
CapitaLand Mall Asia Limited), and Group Chief Digital
                                                              of high-rise commercial and residential buildings, airports
Officer of CapitaLand Limited. He was also a director and
                                                              and civic facilities throughout Asia. He lectures and writes
audit committee member of two real estate investment
                                                              widely upon high-density urbanisation and the development
trusts in Singapore and Malaysia, namely CapitaLand Retail
                                                              of new building typologies to meet the demands of high
China Trust Management Limited (the manager of
                                                              density living.
CapitaLand Retail China Trust listed on the Singapore
Exchange) and CapitaLand Malaysia Mall REIT Management        Mr GRIFFITHS established the Griffiths-Roch Foundation in
Sdn. Bhd. (the manager of CapitaLand Malaysia Mall Trust      2009 to purchase and restore Roch Castle, Penrhiw Priory
listed on Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad).                  and Twr y Felin as luxury historic hotels in Wales.
Prior to joining CapitaLand Group, Mr NG has worked in
ExxonMobil and Royal Dutch Shell across Asia and Europe in
various roles including planning and appraisal, information
systems, finance and investment management.
Mr NG holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Accountancy (Honours)
from Nanyang Technological University of Singapore and
attended the Tuck Executive Program at Dartmouth College.




                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   57
Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr Christopher John BROOKE                                        Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong
Independent Non-Executive Director                                Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr BROOKE, aged 51, has been an Independent Non-                  Mr CHAN, aged 57, has been an Independent Non-Executive
Executive Director of the Manager since May 2018. He is also      Director of the Manager since February 2016. He is also a
a member of the Finance and Investment Committee of the           member of the Finance and Investment Committee and the
Manager.                                                          Remuneration Committee of the Manager. Mr CHAN is a
                                                                  non-executive director of Treasury Wine Estates Limited
Mr BROOKE is a Chartered Surveyor, a Fellow of the Royal
                                                                  (which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange), an
Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) and a member of
                                                                  independent non-executive director of Yum China Holdings,
The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors. Mr BROOKE was the
                                                                  Inc. (which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange) and an
global president of the RICS between November 2018 and
                                                                  Operating Partner for SoftBank Investment Advisers.
December 2019 and is currently the Chair of the Governing
Council of the RICS. In addition, he is a member of the Urban     Mr CHAN was previously an executive director and the vice
Land Institute and a director of the Hong Kong Rugby Union.       chairman of C.P. Lotus Corporation (which was listed on the
                                                                  Main Board of the Stock Exchange) and a vice chairman of
Between October 2016 and March 2020, Mr BROOKE was a
                                                                  Charoen Pokphand Group Company Limited. In addition, he
co-founder and director of Brooke Husband Limited. Prior to
                                                                  was the president and chief executive officer of Walmart
this period, Mr BROOKE held a number of senior
                                                                  China from November 2006 to October 2011, and held senior
management positions at CBRE, relating to both China and
                                                                  positions with the Dairy Farm Group from November 2001 to
Asia, between July 2002 and December 2015 (including his
                                                                  November 2006 (including his last position as Regional
last position as Executive Managing Director, Consulting,
                                                                  Director, North Asia). Mr CHAN also led Bertelsmann Music
Asia Pacific). He was also a long standing member of the Asia
                                                                  Group business in Greater China.
Pacific Strategic Group within CBRE. Mr BROOKE held various
positions at Brooke Hillier Parker, Brooke International and      Mr CHAN began his career as a consultant with McKinsey &
Insignia Brooke between March 1992 and July 2003 before           Co working in both Hong Kong and the United States. He
joining CBRE in 2003 via the acquisition of Insignia Brooke by    obtained a Bachelor degree from The University of Chicago
CBRE.                                                             and a Master degree from the Sloan School of Management,
                                                                  Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Mr BROOKE started his career in 1989 as a graduate surveyor
at Hillier Parker in the United Kingdom, prior to relocating to
Hong Kong in 1992. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in
Land Economy from the University of Cambridge.




58   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                      Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL                                       Ms Poh Lee TAN
Independent Non-Executive Director                               Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr PICKERELL, aged 63, has been an Independent Non-              Ms TAN, aged 61, has been an Independent Non-Executive
Executive Director of the Manager since April 2016. He is also   Director of the Manager since November 2015. She is also a
the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a                 member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of
member of the Nomination Committee of the Manager.               the Manager. Ms TAN was the managing partner of the Hong
Mr PICKERELL is an independent non-executive director and        Kong, Beijing, Shanghai and Vietnam offices of the
a member of the Finance Committee as well as Nominating          international law firm Baker & McKenzie from November
and Governance Committee of Principal Financial Group, Inc.      2010 till October 2012 and Chairman of Asia for Baker &
(which is listed on NASDAQ). He is also an independent           McKenzie from October 2008 to October 2010. She was a
non-executive director of Dah Sing Banking Group Limited         solicitor, admitted to practice in Hong Kong, England and
(which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange)        Wales, Australia and Singapore. She has extensive
and Dah Sing Bank, Limited, and the chairman of the Risk         experience in mergers and acquisitions and private equity
Management and Compliance Committee of Dah Sing Bank,            transactions in the Asia-Pacific region as well as outbound
Limited. In addition, he is an independent non-executive         investments from Mainland China.
director and a member of each of the Finance Committee
                                                                 Ms TAN has been active in community services. She is the
and Corporate Governance Committee of First Pacific
                                                                 founder and a director of Mighty Oaks Foundation Limited
Company Limited (which is listed on the Main Board of the
                                                                 and was a member of the founding board of Independent
Stock Exchange).
                                                                 Schools Foundation. Ms TAN holds a Bachelor of Laws
Mr PICKERELL is currently a member of the Supervisory            degree from the London School of Economics and Political
Committee of Tracker Fund of Hong Kong (a Hong Kong unit         Science and a Master of Law degree from Queens’ College,
trust authorised under section 104 of the SFO whose units        University of Cambridge.
are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange) and the
Advisory Board of Anthemis Insurance Venture Growth Fund
of London. He has also been active in public service. He was
a Court Member of The University of Hong Kong during
December 2008 to November 2014, is a member of the
International Advisory Council of the Faculty of Business and
Economics of The University of Hong Kong, and is the
chairman of Harvard Business School Association of Hong
Kong.
Mr PICKERELL was Chairman, Asia of Nikko Asset
Management Co., Ltd. up to July 2015. He joined Jardine
Matheson Holdings Group in 1984 and held various positions
in Jardine Matheson Holdings Group. In 2003, he joined HSBC
Investments (Hong Kong) Limited (now known as HSBC
Global Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited) as the Chief
Executive Officer, Asia Pacific. Mr PICKERELL served as the
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Asia of
Morgan Stanley Investment Management from 2007 to 2010,
and was also an independent non-executive director and a
member of the audit committee of Dah Sing Financial
Holdings Limited (which is listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange) from June 2013 to December 2017.
Mr PICKERELL holds an MBA degree from Harvard Business
School and an MA degree (in East Asian Studies) and a BA
degree (in Political Science) from Stanford University.




                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   59
Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Ms May Siew Boi TAN                                              Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing
Independent Non-Executive Director                               Independent Non-Executive Director

Ms TAN, aged 64, has been an Independent Non-Executive           Mr TSE, aged 69, has been an Independent Non-Executive
Director of the Manager since February 2013. She is also a       Director of the Manager since July 2014. He is also the
member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the           chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of
Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee              the Manager. Mr TSE was an executive director of CLP
of the Manager. Ms TAN is currently an independent               Holdings Limited (which is listed on the Main Board of the
non-executive director of CLP Holdings Limited (which is         Stock Exchange) up till May 2012 and became a non-
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange), Home            executive director until he retired in April 2013. Before joining
Credit N.V., HSBC Insurance (Asia) Limited and HSBC Life         the CLP Group in January 1981, he worked with Deloitte & Co.
(International) Limited. She was an executive director of        in London and Hong Kong, and the Swire Group. Mr TSE
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited and was also         retired as an independent non-executive director of Hong
its chief executive officer from July 2014 to February 2017.     Kong Aircraft Engineering Company Limited (which was
She was previously the chief executive officer of Cazenove       listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange until it
Asia Limited and a partner of Cazenove and Co. Cazenove          withdrew from listing on 29 November 2018) with effect
Asia Limited (now known as Standard Chartered Securities         from 1 December 2018.
(Hong Kong) Limited) became part of Standard Chartered
                                                                 Mr TSE holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical
Hong Kong in January 2009.
                                                                 Engineering from The University of Hong Kong and a Master
In 2016, Ms TAN was the chairman of The Hong Kong                of Science degree in Technological Economics from the
Association of Banks, the ex-officio member of Hong Kong         University of Stirling in Scotland. He is a Fellow of the Hong
Trade Development Council and a member of the Currency           Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Board Sub-Committee of The Exchange Fund Advisory
Committee of Hong Kong Monetary Authority. She was a
member of the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange
from May 2012 to July 2015 and a member of the Takeovers
and Mergers Panel and the Takeovers Appeal Committee of
the SFC from April 2001 to March 2013. She is an executive
committee member of Hong Kong Youth Arts Foundation, a
member of the Standing Committee on Judicial Salaries and
Conditions of Service, and an Association Member and a
Fundraising and Communications Committee Member of
Oxfam Hong Kong.
Ms TAN graduated from The University of Sheffield. She is a
Fellow of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England
and Wales and a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants.




60   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                     Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Ms Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                           Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG
Independent Non-Executive Director                              Independent Non-Executive Director

Ms TSE, aged 67, has been an Independent Non-Executive          Ms YOUNG, aged 55, has been an Independent Non-
Director of the Manager since July 2014. She is also a          Executive Director of the Manager since February 2013. She
member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of            is also a member of the Finance and Investment Committee
the Manager. Ms TSE joined the Hospital Authority in 1991       and the Remuneration Committee of the Manager.
and was the chief financial officer and the Director (Finance   Ms YOUNG is an independent non-executive director of
and Information Technology Services) before her retirement      Ascott Residence Trust Management Limited, the manager
in August 2013.                                                 of Ascott Residence Trust (which is listed on the Singapore
                                                                Exchange) and also sits on the audit committee.
Ms TSE is a member of the Board of Governors of the Prince
Philip Dental Hospital, an adjunct professor at The Jockey      Ms YOUNG has extensive experience in both real estate and
Club School of Public Health and Primary Care of The            hospitality across Asia and is the co-founder of the boutique
Chinese University of Hong Kong and an honorary adviser         serviced apartment brand, Shama. After Shama was acquired
and a member of the Oversight, Policy and Governance            by ONYX Hospitality Group in 2010, Ms YOUNG founded her
Committee of The Financial Reporting Council. She also          own real estate and hospitality consultancy firm.
serves on the boards and committees of a number of
                                                                Ms YOUNG is the co-founder of “TULU”, a co-living brand,
charitable organisations and non-government organisations.
                                                                based in Shanghai.
Ms TSE is an independent non-executive director of
Wheelock and Company Limited (a company listed on the           Ms YOUNG is a special advisor to one of Warburg Pincus’
Main Board of the Stock Exchange) and DBS Bank (Hong            joint ventures in Shanghai, NOVA Property Investment Co.
Kong) Limited. She is also an independent non-executive         Ltd., and sits on the board. She was awarded “Entrepreneur
director and the chairman of HSBC Provident Fund Trustee        of the Year” at the prestigious RBS Coutts/Financial Times
(Hong Kong) Limited.                                            Women in Asia Awards in 2009.
Ms TSE holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree in
Mathematics and a Master of Business Administration
degree in Finance/Accounting from the University of
California, Los Angeles. She is a Chartered Accountant
qualified in Canada, a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and a Fellow member of The
Hong Kong Institute of Directors.




                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   61
Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Management Team
Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                       Mr Kenneth Tai Lun WONG
Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer                       Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary

                                                                   Mr WONG, aged 50, oversees the legal, company secretariat
Mr NG Kok Siong                                                    and compliance functions of Link. He joined the Manager in
Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer                       August 2019 and is a director of a number of subsidiaries of
                                                                   Link. Mr WONG has more than 26 years of legal experience
Senior Management                                                  focusing on corporate and commercial work, in particular,
                                                                   corporate finance. Immediately prior to joining Link, he was
Mr Eric YAU Siu Kei                                                the general counsel of HNA Group (International) Company
Chief Strategy Officer                                             Limited, an executive director of Hong Kong International
                                                                   Construction Investment Management Group Co., Limited
Mr YAU, aged 46, oversees the development,                         and a director of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Prior to that, he
communication, execution and sustainment of corporate              co-founded Nixon Peabody CWL, a solicitors’ firm in Hong
strategic initiatives as well as all functions covering external   Kong and had served as the managing partner of the firm for
affairs and stakeholder management, including corporate            14 years. Mr WONG has been appointed by the Government
affairs and marketing, investor relations, sustainability and      of the HKSAR as a member of the Elderly Commission since
corporate finance. He is one of the responsible officers of        2015. Mr WONG holds a Bachelor of Laws degree from the
the Manager for the purposes of the SFO and a director of a        London School of Economics and Political Science of the
number of subsidiaries of Link. Mr YAU joined the Manager in       University of London. He is a qualified solicitor in Hong Kong.
November 2010 initially with the investment team
responsible for merger and acquisition, and the formulation        Ms Christine CHAN Suk Han
of the corporate sustainability strategy. He became Head of
                                                                   Chief Investment Officer (Asia)
Investor Relations and Corporate Finance in September 2015.
Prior to joining the Manager, Mr YAU worked as an                  Ms CHAN, aged 45, oversees asset investment of Link,
investment banker and corporate manager in DBS Asia                including acquisition, new market development, as well as
Capital Limited, CLP Holdings Limited, UBS Investment Bank         market study and research. She is one of the responsible
and Jardine Fleming. He also serves as a member of the             officers of the Manager for the purposes of the SFO.
Financial Treasury Service Committee of the Hong Kong              Ms CHAN has over 20 years of experience in the real estate
General Chamber of Commerce, a board member of the                 and fund management industry. Prior to joining the Manager,
Hong Kong Chapter of Asia Pacific Real Estate Association, a       Ms CHAN was the Director – Investment and Acquisition at
member of the General Committee of The Chamber of Hong             Harvest Capital Partners Limited, a subsidiary of China
Kong Listed Companies, a member of the Examination                 Resources Group. Ms CHAN has also been engaged by ARA
Committee of the Hong Kong Securities and Investment               Asset Management (Prosperity) Limited and Hutchison
Institute, and a member of the Executive Committee of the          Whampoa Properties Limited in earlier years. Ms CHAN has
Hong Kong Investor Relations Association. Mr YAU holds a           extensive experience in direct asset investment, debt and
Master degree in Business Administration from Harvard              equity investment and financing, asset management, real
Business School, a Master of Arts degree from Harvard              estate investment trust and private equity fund set up and
University, and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Brown               management in the Greater China Region. Ms CHAN holds a
University.                                                        Bachelor of Science degree in Surveying from The University
                                                                   of Hong Kong and a Master of Science degree in Global
                                                                   Finance jointly conferred by the New York University Stern
                                                                   School of Business and the School of Business and
                                                                   Management of The Hong Kong University of Science and
                                                                   Technology. She is a qualified General Practice Surveyor and
                                                                   a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors and the
                                                                   Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. She is also a Hong
                                                                   Kong Advisory Board member to the Royal Institution of
                                                                   Chartered Surveyors.




62   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                    Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Ms Lorraine CHAN Kuen Kuen                                    Mr Gary FOK Yip Sang
Director – Corporate Affairs                                  Director – Asset Management (China)

Ms CHAN, aged 51, oversees corporate communications,          Mr FOK, aged 53, oversees the management of Link’s
branding, and engagement with key stakeholders including      properties in China, including leasing, property management
news media, government agencies and the community. She        and asset upgrade. He is a director of a number of
joined the Manager in January 2019 and is the administrator   subsidiaries of Link. He joined the Manager in July 2014 and
of Link’s charity and community engagement programme          has over 28 years of solid and all-rounded experience in
Link Together Initiatives. Ms CHAN began her career in        asset management of commercial properties in China and
journalism and is a seasoned professional with extensive      Hong Kong. Before joining the Manager, Mr FOK was the
experience in media relations, public affairs, branding and   Head of Asset Management of InfraRed NF Investment
digital communications. Prior to joining the Manager, she     Advisers Limited. He had also held various leadership roles in
was Head, Managing Director of Corporate Communications       major asset development and management companies in
at Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, where she        China and Hong Kong such as Hutchison Whampoa
had enjoyed a long tenure of 20 years. Ms CHAN holds an       Properties Limited, New World Group, Jones Lang LaSalle
MBA degree from the University of Strathclyde and a           Limited and Henderson Land Development Company
Bachelor of Social Science degree in Journalism and           Limited. Mr FOK holds a Bachelor of Science degree in
Communication from the Chinese University of Hong Kong.       Surveying from The University of Hong Kong and is a
She completed the Stanford Executive Program of Stanford      Registered Professional Surveyor, and a member of The
University Graduate School of Business in 2016, and an        Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors, the Royal Institution of
executive certificate in Strategy and Innovation from the     Chartered Surveyors and the Hong Kong Institute of Real
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA, in 2018.          Estate Administrators.




                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   63
Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Ms Peionie KONG Po Yan                                             Ms Phyllis NG Yuen Fan
Director – Asset Management (Hong Kong)                            Director – Human Resources

Ms KONG, aged 50, oversees the asset management and                Ms NG, aged 56, oversees the human resources, learning and
leasing of Link’s Hong Kong asset portfolio. Ms KONG joined        development and general administration functions of Link.
the Manager in March 2005 and is a director of two                 She joined the Manager in March 2016 and is a director of a
subsidiaries of Link. She has 27 years of experience in the real   number of subsidiaries of Link. She is a seasoned professional
estate industry, with extensive experience in retail and           having held various senior human resources management
commercial leasing as well as implementation of large scale        positions in internationally recognised financial institutions,
renovation projects and trade-mix repositioning exercises.         including 17 years at UBS AG. Her past duties included a full
Prior to joining the Manager, she had held managerial              spectrum of human resources functions covering Hong
positions in renowned property developers including Sun            Kong, the PRC and the Asia Pacific region. With this
Hung Kai Properties Limited, New World Development                 extensive work experience, she established her own
Company Limited and Henderson Land Development                     consulting business in 2013, engaging in cross-industry
Company Limited. Ms KONG holds a Bachelor of Arts degree           human resources projects. Ms NG holds a Bachelor of Arts
in Geography from The University of Hong Kong.                     degree from The University of Hong Kong and an Executive
                                                                   MBA degree from the Guanghua School of Management of
Mr William LAI Hon Ming                                            the Peking University.
Director – Property & Car Park Management
                                                                   Mr Max WONG Hon Keung
Mr LAI, aged 57, oversees the property management of the           Director – Project & Operations
asset portfolio of Link, including the management and
operations of car parks. He joined the Manager in March 2019       Mr WONG, aged 55, oversees the formulation and execution
and is a director of a subsidiary of Link. Mr LAI has over         of asset enhancement projects, and the management of
30 years of extensive industry experience in Hong Kong. Prior      operation and maintenance functions to realise the full
to joining Link, he was Head of Hong Kong Property                 potential of Link’s asset portfolio. He is also responsible for
Management at Jones Lang LaSalle Limited and had held the          development projects. Mr WONG joined the Manager in May
position since 2007. Mr LAI holds an MBA degree from               2013 and is a director of a subsidiary of Link. He has over
Kennedy Western University and is a Fellow of the Royal            28 years of experience in major residential and commercial
Institution of Chartered Surveyors.                                projects in Hong Kong and Macau. Prior to joining the
                                                                   Manager, he was the Assistant General Manager (Head of
Mr Keith NG Man Keung                                              Project for Hong Kong Operations) at HKR International
Director – Finance                                                 Limited. He also held various senior positions at Aedas
                                                                   Limited, Wong Tung & Partners Limited and Kwan and
Mr NG, aged 48, oversees financial control, tax and business       Associates Limited. Mr WONG holds a Bachelor of
analytics functions of Link. He is also responsible for merger     Architecture degree and a Bachelor of Arts degree in
and acquisition finance projects. Mr NG joined the Manager         Architectural Studies from The University of Hong Kong. He
in June 2009. He has over 27 years of extensive finance and        is a Registered Architect and an Authorised Person in Hong
treasury experience. Prior to joining the Manager, he had          Kong and also a member of The Hong Kong Institute of
held various professional and managerial positions in              Architects.
renowned property groups and banking groups such as
Hutchison Whampoa Property Group, Hongkong Land
Group, Standard Chartered Bank and Dao Heng Bank Group.
Mr NG holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer
Science from The University of Hong Kong, Master of
Science degree in Investment Management and Master of
Business Administration degree from The Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology. He is a Fellow member
of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a
Fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants and is a Chartered Financial Analyst
charterholder.



64   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Disclosure of Interests

Interests and Short Positions of Unitholders Required to be Disclosed Under the SFO
According to the disclosure of interests to the Stock Exchange and the Manager pursuant to the provisions of Part XV of the
SFO and the register kept by the Manager, the following persons held an interest of 5% or more in the Units and underlying
Units of Link as at 31 March 2020:

                                                                                                                     Number of Units/                        Approximate
                                                                                                 underlying Units in long position (L)/                     percentage of
                                                                                                                    short position (S)/                        total Units
 Name                                      Capacity                                                                   lending pool (LP)                           in issue(4)
                                                                                                                                                                        %




                                                                                                                               }
 Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP(1)            Investment manager                                          (L) 113,471,409(1)                                              5.51
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMC”)      (2)
                                           Trustee                                                          (L) 80,879
                                           Investment manager                                           (L) 13,203,863              (L) 187,289,107(2)              (L) 9.10
                                           Person having a security interest in shares                   (L) 4,638,537               (S) 13,892,431   (2)
                                                                                                                                                                   (S) 0.67
                                           Interests of controlled corporations                        (L) 15,980,694              (LP) 153,385,134(2)            (LP) 7.45
                                                                                                        (S) 13,892,431
                                           Approved lending agent                                  (L&LP) 153,385,134
 State Street Corporation                  Investment manager                                         (L) 125,667,924                                                  6.10
 The Capital Group Companies, Inc.         Interests of controlled corporations                        (L) 124,124,695                                                 6.03
 BlackRock, Inc..(3)                       Interests of controlled corporations                        (L) 190,923,853(3)                                              9.27
                                                                                                          (S) 901,000    (3)
                                                                                                                                                                      0.04

Notes:
(1) APG Asset Management N.V. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of APG Groep N.V. which itself is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP.
    Therefore, APG Asset Management N.V., APG Groep N.V. and Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP were interested or deemed to be interested in the same batch
    of 113,471,409 Units as shown in the above table.
(2) The long position interests of JPMC were held through its various controlled corporations or in the capacity as trustee, investment manager, person having
    a security interests in shares and approved lending agent. Such long position included derivative interests in 9,402,927 underlying Units of which 632,000
    underlying Units in physically settled listed derivatives, 162,750 underlying Units in cash settled listed derivatives, 1,200,000 underlying Units in physically
    settled unlisted derivatives, 3,193,899 underlying Units in cash settled unlisted derivatives and 4,214,278 underlying Units in convertible instruments listed
    derivatives. The short position interests were held through its various controlled corporations. Such short position included derivative interests in 13,182,827
    underlying Units of which 657,000 underlying Units in physically settled listed derivatives, 1,316,710 underlying Units in cash settled listed derivatives,
    3,320,649 underlying Units in physically settled unlisted derivatives, 6,928,600 underlying Units in cash settled unlisted derivatives and 959,868 underlying
    Units in convertible instruments listed derivatives.
(3) The long position interests of BlackRock, Inc. in 190,923,853 Units and short position interests in 901,000 Units were held through its various controlled
    corporations. The interests shown in the above table included certain long position interests (766,500 underlying Units) and certain short position interests
    (413,000 underlying Units) in cash settled unlisted derivatives.
(4) The approximate percentages were calculated based on 2,057,898,386 Units in issue as at 31 March 2020 (rounded down to two decimal places).


Save as disclosed above, based on the disclosure of interests to the Stock Exchange and the Manager pursuant to the
provisions of Part XV of the SFO and the register kept by the Manager, there were no other persons having an interest of 5%
or more in the Units and underlying Units of Link as at 31 March 2020.




                                                                                                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements                     65
Disclosure of Interests




Interests of Directors in Units
According to the disclosure of interests to the Stock Exchange and the Manager pursuant to the provisions of Part XV of the
SFO and the register kept by the Manager, the interests of the Directors in Units and underlying Units of Link as at 31 March
2020 were as follows:

                                                                  Number of Units                                             Total   Approximate                Total
                                                                                                       Interest in         interest     percentage            interest
                                                 Personal        Family    Corporate        Other      underlying           held at   of total Units           held at
 Name                                             interest(1)   interest     interest     interest          Units(2)   31 Mar 2020          in issue(3)   30 Sep 2019
                                                                                                                                                  %

 Current Directors
 Chairman (also an Independent
   Non-Executive Director)
 Nicholas Charles ALLEN                            88,750(4)          –             –           –           48,394          137,144           0.0066           137,144

 Executive Directors
 George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                         118,089            –             –           –        2,489,987       2,608,076            0.1267         4,108,076
 NG Kok Siong(5)                                         –            –             –           –         364,486          364,486             0.0177               –

 Non-Executive Director
 Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                                72,220            –             –           –           14,828          87,048            0.0042           87,048

 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Christopher John BROOKE                                 –            –             –           –            11,328          11,328           0.0005            11,328
 Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                 8,000             –             –           –           15,284          23,284             0.0011          23,284
 Blair Chilton PICKERELL                             8,500            –             –           –           15,438          23,938             0.0011          23,938
 Poh Lee TAN                                        12,750            –        12,000           –           16,074          40,824            0.0019           40,824
 May Siew Boi TAN                                  108,750            –             –           –           18,432          127,182           0.0061           127,182
 Peter TSE Pak Wing                                25,000             –             –           –           17,755          42,755            0.0020           42,755
 Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                20,750             –             –           –           16,074          36,824            0.0017           36,824
 Elaine Carole YOUNG                                 9,750            –             –           –           16,034          25,784            0.0012            31,784

 Former Executive Director
 Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(6)                          792,300             –             –           –          776,188        1,568,488           0.0762        1,568,488


Notes:
(1) Directors’ personal interests in Units as stated above were long position interests. There was no short position interest held by any Director.
(2) Directors’ interests in underlying Units as stated above were long position interests and represent the maximum number of Units which may be vested with
    the Directors under the Long-term Incentive Schemes. Please refer to the ‘Long-term Incentive Schemes’ section on pages 69 to 75 of this report for details.
(3) The approximate percentages were calculated based on 2,057,898,386 Units in issue as at 31 March 2020 (rounded down to four decimal places).
(4) The personal interest of Mr Nicholas Charles ALLEN in 63,750 Units was held in an account in joint name with his spouse.
(5) Mr NG Kok Siong was appointed as an ED on 1 February 2020.
(6) Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming resigned as an ED on 2 October 2019. His personal interest in Units as shown above represents only his position on the date of
    his resignation and his interest in underlying Units represents unvested restricted unit awards held by him under the 2017 LTI Scheme. Please see Note 2 on
    page 27 of this report for details of his entitlement to the unvested restricted unit awards upon resignation.


Save as disclosed above and so far as the Manager is aware, none of the Directors or any of their respective associates held
any interests in Units (or, as the case may be, shares) or underlying Units (or, as the case may be, underlying shares) or
debentures of Link and/or its subsidiaries which were required to be disclosed pursuant to the provisions of Part XV of the
SFO as at 31 March 2020.




66       Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                           Disclosure of Interests




Interests of Connected Persons in Units and Securities
After making reasonable enquiry and according to the information available to the Manager, as at 31 March 2020, the
following persons (other than any Significant Unitholder and the Directors and any of their respective associates(4)) being
connected persons (as defined in Chapter 8 of the REIT Code) to Link, held the following interests in the Units and securities
issued by Link or its SPVs:

1.   Interests in Units

                                                                                               Number of                 Approximate                  Number of
                                                                                             Units held at              percentage of               Units held at
       Name                                                                                   31 Mar 2020          total Units in issue(3)           30 Sep 2019
                                                                                                                                     %

       The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”)
         and its subsidiaries(1)                                                                   7,616,772                        0.37               10,239,473

       Principal Financial Services, Inc.(2)                                                             31,000                    0.00                     1,000

     Notes:
     (1) The Trustee is a direct subsidiary of HSBC and hence HSBC and its subsidiaries are connected persons to Link. Save as disclosed in the table above, a
         fellow subsidiary of HSBC was also interested in 682,022 Units as at 31 March 2020.
     (2) Principal Financial Services, Inc. is an associate of a director, Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL.
     (3) The approximate percentage was calculated based on 2,057,898,386 Units in issue as at 31 March 2020.
     (4) As at 31 March 2020, Link did not have any Significant Unitholders. The interests in Units held by the Directors (including the CEO and the CFO, who
         are considered to be the senior executives of the Manager) as at 31 March 2020 are disclosed in the ‘Interests of Directors in Units’ section above.
         In addition, as at 31 March 2020, Mr Eric YAU Siu Kei (being a director of certain subsidiaries of Link), Mr Gary FOK Yip Sang (being a director of
         certain subsidiaries of Link), Ms Peionie KONG Po Yan (being a director of certain subsidiaries of Link), Ms Phyllis NG Yuen Fan (being a director of
         certain subsidiaries of Link) and Mr Max WONG Hon Keung (being a director of a subsidiary of Link), together with their respective associates (as
         defined in the REIT Code) were interested in 135,819 Units, 115,085 Units, 276,471 Units, 55,527 Units and 105,230 Units respectively.


2.   Interests in USD-denominated Green Bond
     (US$500 million green bond due 2026 issued on 21 July 2016 at 2.875% coupon rate by The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009
     Limited, a subsidiary of Link, under the MTN programme (“Green Bond”))

                                                                                               Nominal                 Approximate                     Nominal
                                                                                          amount held at          percentage of total            amount held at
       Name                                                                                 31 Mar 2020             nominal amount(2)               30 Sep 2019
                                                                                                    US$                            %                        US$

       Dah Sing Bank, Limited (“Dah Sing Bank”)(1)                                              49,700,000                          9.94              49,700,000
       HSBC and its subsidiaries                                                                     35,000                         0.01                  35,000

     Notes:
     (1) Dah Sing Bank is an associate of a director, Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL.
     (2) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the total nominal amount of US$500 million of the Green Bond.




                                                                                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements        67
Disclosure of Interests




3.    Interests in USD-denominated Notes
      (US$500 million USD-denominated notes due 2024 issued on 3 September 2014 at 3.6% coupon rate by The Link Finance
      (Cayman) 2009 Limited under the MTN programme (“USD-denominated Notes”))

                                                                                        Nominal              Approximate                      Nominal
                                                                                   amount held at       percentage of total             amount held at
       Name                                                                          31 Mar 2020          nominal amount(1)                30 Sep 2019
                                                                                             US$                         %                         US$

       Dah Sing Bank                                                                      7,800,000                       1.56                       –

       HSBC and its subsidiaries                                                          34,171,000                     6.83                34,921,000

      Note:
      (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the total nominal amount of US$500 million of the USD-denominated Notes.


4.    Interests in Guaranteed Green Convertible Bonds due 2024
      (HK$4,000 million of HKD-denominated green convertible bonds due 2024 issued on 3 April 2019 at 1.6% coupon rate by
      Link 2019 CB Limited, a subsidiary of Link (“Convertible Bonds”))

                                                                                      Aggregate               Approximate                   Aggregate
                                                                                   amount held at       percentage of total             amount held at
       Name                                                                          31 Mar 2020          principal amount(1)              30 Sep 2019
                                                                                             HK$                         %                        HK$

       HSBC and its subsidiaries                                                        22,000,000                       0.55               33,000,000

      Note:
      (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the aggregate principal amount of HK$4 billion of the Convertible Bonds.




68    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Long-term Incentive Schemes

2017 LTI Scheme
The 2017 LTI Scheme was adopted on 10 July 2017 pursuant to which Awards may be granted to Directors and selected key
employees of the Manager, the Manager’s subsidiaries and SPVs of Link.
The Board adopted the 2017 LTI Scheme having taken into account the success of using Unit awards to attract and retain key
executives and employees under the 2007 LTI Plan which had expired on 22 July 2017 and the growing popularity of share
award schemes with listed companies as a compensation tool to compete for talent.
Awards which may be granted under the 2017 LTI Scheme comprise (i) Restricted Unit Awards (to be satisfied by purchase of
Units through a third party intermediary from the open stock market upon vesting); and (ii) Conditional Cash Awards (to be
satisfied by cash payment equal to the aggregate DPU over the vesting period multiplied by the actual number of Units that
may finally vest).
To satisfy the awards vested under the 2017 LTI Scheme, a total of 366,239 Units were purchased on the Stock Exchange on
9 July 2019 and 10 July 2019. All such Units were purchased through a third party intermediary and given to grantees directly.

Key Terms of the 2017 LTI Scheme

 Key Terms                                       2017 LTI Scheme

 Duration                                        10 years from adoption date
 Unit option                                     Not available
 Participants                                    Directors and key employees of the Manager, the Manager’s subsidiaries and SPVs of Link
 Total number available                          10% of Units in issue as of adoption date
 Limit for participants (other than INEDs/NED)   1% of Units in issue in any 12-month period
 Limit for INEDs/NED                             0.1% of Units in issue in any 12-month period for INED and NED
 Method of satisfaction                          Market purchases to satisfy Awards on vesting
 Vesting period                                  Normally spreading over a period of three years, with 50% vesting on the second
                                                 anniversary and 50% on the third anniversary of date of grant
 Conditional Cash Award                          Granted together with Restricted Unit Award and paid on vested Units only
 Vesting targets                                 • Tenure-based only with no performance-linked target
                                                 • Performance-linked targets
                                                   – Performance is measured along a scale with appropriate weighting on business
                                                     performance, as measured by NPI, and total Unit return to Unitholders during the
                                                     vesting period concerned
                                                   – 0% vesting is possible and maximum vesting is capped


Summary of the 2017 LTI Scheme Rules
The 2017 LTI Scheme is managed and administered by the Remuneration Committee in accordance with its rules (the “Rules”),
a summary of which is set out below:

Objectives
The objectives of the 2017 LTI Scheme are to:
(i) align the interests of the participants with the Unitholders as a whole with a view to creating value for Link and the
    Unitholders;
(ii) enable the Manager to attract and retain talented management and key employees whose contributions are essential to
     the achievement of the strategic goals and the long-term growth of Link; and
(iii) incentivise management and key employees of the Manager, the Manager’s subsidiaries and SPVs of Link (“Link Entities”,
      and individually a “Link Entity”) through rewarding them in calibration of their contributions to the business performance
      and success of Link.



                                                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       69
Long-term Incentive Schemes




Participants
Persons eligible to participate in the 2017 LTI Scheme include: (a) Directors; and (b) key employees of the Link Entities whom,
in the opinion of the Remuneration Committee, have contributed, or have the potential to contribute, to the success of Link.

Grant of Awards
Grant of Award shall be approved by the Remuneration Committee, except grants to a Director, the CEO, or any of their
respective associates (within the meaning under 8.1(d) of Chapter 8 of the REIT Code) of the Manager (other than a person
who is an associate only by virtue of such person’s employment with the Manager) which shall be approved by the Board
(including the INEDs). No Director shall be involved in the decision of granting an Award to himself/herself.
No Award shall be granted to an excluded person, a relevant director (as defined in the Rules) or a Significant Unitholder of
Link, nor their respective associates.

Applicable Limits
No further Award shall be granted if such grant will result in the maximum number of Units that may vest under all Awards
granted under the 2017 LTI Scheme (and any other incentive scheme(s) of any Link Entity) exceeding 10% of the number of
Units in issue (being 221,456,347 Units) as at the adoption date of the 2017 LTI Scheme (i.e. 10 July 2017).
No Award shall be granted to any participant (or his associates) if such grant will result in the maximum number of Units that
may vest under all Awards granted to such participant (or his associate) under the 2017 LTI Scheme (and any other incentive
scheme(s) of any Link Entity), within 12 months immediately preceding the date of the proposed grant, exceeding 1% of the
number of Units in issue from time-to-time.
No Award shall be granted to an INED or NED (or their associates) if such grant will result in the maximum number of Units
that may vest under all Awards granted to such INED or NED (or their associate) under the 2017 LTI Scheme (and any other
incentive scheme(s) of any Link Entity), within 12 months immediately preceding the date of the proposed grant, exceeding
0.1% of the number of Units in issue from time-to-time.

Vesting
Restricted Unit Awards shall generally be satisfied by Units purchased through an independent third party intermediary on
open stock market save in limited circumstances prescribed in the Rules (such as in the death of a grantee) where a cash
amount may be paid in lieu of Units that would have vested under the relevant Restricted Unit Awards.

Vesting Period
The vesting period of an Award is generally one to three years or such other period as determined in the relevant grant by the
Remuneration Committee.

Performance Targets
Performance targets, vesting scale, and/or other vesting conditions (if any) of an Award shall be determined by the
Remuneration Committee which, in its absolute discretion, will determine whether, and to what extent, such performance
targets and/or vesting conditions (if any) have been satisfied (or, if applicable, waived) upon vesting.
During the year under review, the Board engaged Aon, an independent external consultant, to review and enhance Link’s
Executive Compensation Framework for FY2019/2020 onwards. Further details are set out under section ‘Report of the
Remuneration Committee’ on pages 42 and 43 of this report.

Acceptance of Award and Consideration Payable
An offer for grant of an Award shall be accepted with payment of consideration (if any) within the period as determined in
the relevant grant by the Remuneration Committee.

Duration
The 2017 LTI Scheme shall be valid for 10 years commencing from the adoption date, save and except as in the case of
extension by the Board or early termination as contemplated under the Rules.


70   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                                      Long-term Incentive Schemes




Movements of Restricted Unit Awards under the 2017 LTI Scheme
Movements in Restricted Unit Awards(1) under the 2017 LTI Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2020 and the balances at
the beginning and the end of the year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                       Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                                          Values         of values
                                                                      Outstanding       Granted        Vested       Cancelled         Lapsed       Outstanding       recognised        recognised
                           Date of                                              at        during        during         during          during                at           during             up to
 Name (Position)           grant         Vesting period                 1 Apr 2019(2)   the year(3)   the year(4)    the year(5)     the year(5)    31 Mar 2020(2)      the year(6)   31 Mar 2020(7)
                                                                                                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000

 Current Directors
 Nicholas Charles ALLEN    14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          11,250            –        (11,250)             –              –                 –               211            1,236
   (Independent Non-       14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          11,250            –              –              –              –             11,250              119             764
   Executive Director)
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020          10,500             –              –              –              –            10,500              275              642
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021          10,500             –              –              –              –            10,500               183             428
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –         8,072              –              –              –             8,072              203              203
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –         8,072              –              –              –             8,072               135              135

 George Kwok Lung          14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019        269,075             –        (111,981)            –       (157,094)                –              414            18,652
   HONGCHOY                14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020        269,075             –              –              –              –           269,075           (2,902)           13,090
   (Executive Director)
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020         518,763             –              –              –              –           518,763             1,893           15,863
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         518,763             –              –              –              –           518,763            3,984            14,885
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –       591,693              –              –              –           591,693            8,239             8,239
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –       591,693              –              –              –           591,693            5,506            5,506

 NG Kok Siong(8)           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020          65,800             –              –              –              –            65,800              240             2,012
   (Executive Director)    4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021          65,800             –              –              –              –            65,800              505             1,888
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –        116,443             –              –              –            116,443            1,621             1,621
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –        116,443             –              –              –            116,443            1,083            1,083

 Ian Keith GRIFFITHS       14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          3,500             –        (3,500)              –              –                 –               66              385
    (Non-Executive         14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          3,500             –              –              –              –             3,500                37             238
    Director)
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           3,250             –              –              –              –             3,250               85               199
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           3,250             –              –              –              –             3,250               57               132
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –          2,414             –              –              –              2,414               61               61
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –          2,414             –              –              –              2,414              40                40

 Christopher John          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           3,250             –              –              –              –             3,250               85               199
   BROOKE                  4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           3,250             –              –              –              –             3,250               57               132
   (Independent Non-
   Executive Director)     5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –          2,414             –              –              –              2,414               61               61
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –          2,414             –              –              –              2,414              40                40

 Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong        14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          3,500             –              –         (3,500)(9)          –                 –               66              385
   (Independent Non-       14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          3,500             –              –              –              –             3,500                37             238
   Executive Director)
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           3,250             –              –              –              –             3,250               85               199
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           3,250             –              –              –              –             3,250               57               132
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –         2,642              –              –              –             2,642               66                66
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –         2,642              –              –              –             2,642               44                44

 Blair Chilton PICKERELL   14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          3,500             –              –         (3,500)(9)          –                 –               66              385
   (Independent Non-       14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          3,500             –              –              –              –             3,500                37             238
   Executive Director)
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           3,250             –              –              –              –             3,250               85               199
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           3,250             –              –              –              –             3,250               57               132
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –          2,719             –              –              –              2,719              68                68
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –          2,719             –              –              –              2,719              46                46

 Poh Lee TAN               14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          3,750             –         (3,750)             –              –                 –               70               412
   (Independent Non-       14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          3,750             –              –              –              –             3,750               40              255
   Executive Director)
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           3,500             –              –              –              –             3,500               92               214
                           4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           3,500             –              –              –              –             3,500                61              143
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –         2,662              –              –              –             2,662               67                67
                           5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –         2,662              –              –              –             2,662               45                45




                                                                                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements                           71
Long-term Incentive Schemes




                                                                                                                                                                                     Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                                        Values         of values
                                                                     Outstanding       Granted        Vested       Cancelled        Lapsed       Outstanding       recognised        recognised
                          Date of                                              at        during        during         during         during                at           during             up to
 Name (Position)          grant         Vesting period                 1 Apr 2019(2)   the year(3)   the year(4)    the year(5)    the year(5)    31 Mar 2020(2)      the year(6)   31 Mar 2020(7)
                                                                                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000

 May Siew Boi TAN         14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          4,250             –        (4,250)              –              –                –               80              467
  (Independent Non-       14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          4,250             –             –               –              –            4,250               45              289
  Executive Director)
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           4,000             –             –               –              –            4,000              105              244
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           4,000             –             –               –              –            4,000               70               163
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –          3,091            –               –              –             3,091              78                78
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –          3,091            –               –              –             3,091              52                52

 Peter TSE Pak Wing       14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          4,500             –        (4,500)              –              –                –               84              494
   (Independent Non-      14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          4,500             –             –               –              –            4,500               47              306
   Executive Director)
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           3,750             –             –               –              –            3,750               98              229
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           3,750             –             –               –              –            3,750               65               153
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –          2,878            –               –              –            2,878               72                72
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –          2,877            –               –              –             2,877              48               48

 Nancy TSE Sau Ling       14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          3,750             –         (3,750)             –              –                –               70               412
   (Independent Non-      14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          3,750             –             –               –              –            3,750               40              255
   Executive Director)
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           3,500             –             –               –              –            3,500               92               214
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           3,500             –             –               –              –            3,500                61              143
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –          2,662            –               –              –            2,662               67                67
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –          2,662            –               –              –            2,662               45               45

 Elaine Carole YOUNG      14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019          3,750             –         (3,750)             –              –                –               70               412
    (Independent Non-     14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020          3,750             –             –               –              –            3,750               40              255
    Executive Director)
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020           3,500             –             –               –              –            3,500               92               214
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021           3,500             –             –               –              –            3,500                61              143
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –          2,642            –               –              –            2,642               66               66
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –          2,642            –               –              –            2,642               44               44

 Former Director
 Andy CHEUNG              14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019         68,738             –       (28,607)              –         (40,131)              –            (1,641)           2,935
   Lee Ming(10)           14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020         68,738             –             –               –        (68,738)               –           (3,480)                –
   (Former
   Executive Director)    4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020         175,075             –             –               –       (175,075)               –           (4,224)                –
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         175,075             –             –               –       (175,075)               –           (3,280)                –
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –        178,650            –               –       (178,650)               –                –                 –
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –        178,650            –               –       (178,650)               –                –                 –

 Other participants
 In aggregate             14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2019       458,686              –       (190,901)             –       (267,785)               –            (1,184)          29,027
                          14 Jul 2017   14 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020        457,948             –             –               –       (107,642)         350,306            (3,781)          17,285
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2020         473,543             –             –               –        (110,011)        363,532             1,326            11,114
                          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         473,543             –             –               –       (114,868)         358,675            2,756            10,292
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021               –        441,103            –               –        (57,682)         383,421             5,341            5,341
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022               –        441,103            –               –        (57,682)         383,421            3,569             3,569

 Total                                                                 4,225,622       2,720,169     (366,239)        (7,000)     (1,689,083)      4,883,469            20,381          175,430




72       Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                           Long-term Incentive Schemes




Notes:
(1) The Restricted Unit Awards in the above table were all granted in conjunction with Conditional Cash Awards. The aggregate weighted average value
    carried by the outstanding Conditional Cash Awards attached to the outstanding Restricted Unit Awards at the end of the year was HK$3.2165 per Unit.
(2) These figures (except those relating to the NED and INEDs) represent the maximum number of Units that may be purchased in the grantee’s favour on
    vesting of his/her relevant Restricted Unit Awards. The actual number of Units that will finally vest and be purchased for each relevant grantee may range
    from zero to such maximum number depending on whether, and to what extent, the relevant vesting conditions (if any) are met. The Restricted Unit
    Awards relating to the NED and INEDs are tenure-based only.
(3) The closing price of the Units on the business day immediately preceding the date of grant of the Restricted Unit Awards in the year was HK$98 per Unit.
    On the assumption that the Restricted Unit Awards granted in the year were finally vested for the maximum number of Units, the estimated fair value of
    such Restricted Unit Awards would amount to approximately HK$182.6 million as at 31 March 2020 based on the valuation of an independent valuer.
(4) The closing price of the Units on the business day immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Restricted Unit Awards were vested during the
    year was HK$96 per Unit. An amount of approximately HK$1.9 million was paid for the Conditional Cash Awards vested simultaneously with the Restricted
    Unit Awards during the year.
(5) These figures represent the maximum number of Units in respect of which the Restricted Unit Awards had lapsed or were cancelled in the year. The
    Conditional Cash Awards granted in conjunction with such Restricted Unit Awards had lapsed or were cancelled simultaneously.
(6) Values recognised during the year represents the amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement under Hong Kong Financial Reporting
    Standards for the year ended 31 March 2020. The values are estimated by an independent external valuer based on valuation techniques and assumptions
    on Unit price, outstanding length of the Awards and other market conditions, if appropriate, and charged to the consolidated income statement over the
    vesting period.
(7) Aggregate of values recognised up to 31 March 2020 represents the aggregated amounts recognised in the financial statements under Hong Kong Financial
    Reporting Standards for the period from grant dates to 31 March 2020.
(8) Mr NG Kok Siong was appointed as an ED on 1 February 2020.
(9) Cash payment in lieu of Units were given to Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong and Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL pursuant to the 2017 LTI Scheme.
(10) Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming resigned as an ED on 2 October 2019.


The Restricted Unit Awards and Conditional Cash Awards granted under the 2017 LTI Scheme are to be expensed through
Link’s consolidated income statement over the relevant vesting period. Further details of the 2017 LTI Scheme are set out in
Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements            73
Long-term Incentive Schemes




2007 LTI PLAN
Link’s 2007 LTI Plan – adopted on 23 July 2007 – expired on 22 July 2017. Pursuant to the 2007 LTI Plan, equity incentives in the
form of a restricted unit award giving a conditional right to receive Units and a cash incentive in the form of a conditional cash
award were granted to the Directors and other eligible staff of the Manager.
Since its adoption in 2007 and up to 31 March 2020, a total number of 15,684,034 new Units were issued in satisfaction of
awards vested under the 2007 LTI Plan. The total number of new Units issued represents approximately 0.8% calculated on the
basis of 2,057,898,386 Units in issue as at 31 March 2020. After its expiry on 22 July 2017, no award has been granted and none
shall be granted under the 2007 LTI Plan. Awards granted but yet to vest shall continue to have effect and be governed by the
rules of the 2007 LTI Plan. The last tranche of awards granted under the 2007 LTI Plan has been vested on 30 June 2019 after
which vesting under the 2007 LTI Plan has exhausted.

Summary of the 2007 LTI Plan Rules
A summary of the 2007 LTI Plan rules can be found on pages 59 and 60 of the ‘Governance, Disclosures and Financial
Statements’ report in Link’s Annual Report 2017/2018.

Movements of Restricted Unit Awards under the 2007 LTI Plan
Movements in restricted unit awards(1) under the 2007 LTI Plan during the year ended 31 March 2020 and the balances at the
beginning and the end of the year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                            Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                               Values         of values
                                                                      Outstanding       Granted     Vested       Cancelled    Lapsed       Outstanding    recognised        recognised
                           Date of                                              at        during     during         during     during                at        during             up to
 Name (Position)           grant         Vesting period                 1 Apr 2019(2)   the year   the year(3)    the year   the year(4)    31 Mar 2020      the year(5)   31 Mar 2020(6)
                                                                                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

 Current Directors(7)
 Nicholas Charles ALLEN    14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          13,750           –     (13,750)            –           –                –             132            1,467
   (Independent Non-
   Executive Director)

 George Kwok Lung          14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019        231,000            –    (143,737)            –     (87,263)               –           1,558           15,336
   HONGCHOY
   (Executive Director)

 Ian Keith GRIFFITHS       14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          4,000            –     (4,000)             –           –                –             38              427
    (Non-Executive
    Director)

 Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong        14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          4,000            –     (4,000)             –           –                –             38              427
   (Independent Non-
   Executive Director)

 Blair Chilton PICKERELL   14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          4,250            –      (4,250)            –           –                –              41             453
   (Independent Non-
   Executive Director)

 Poh Lee TAN               14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          4,500            –     (4,500)             –           –                –             43              480
   (Independent Non-
   Executive Director)

 May Siew Boi TAN          14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          5,000            –     (5,000)             –           –                –             48              533
  (Independent Non-
  Executive Director)

 Peter TSE Pak Wing        14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          5,000            –     (5,000)             –           –                –             48              533
   (Independent Non-
   Executive Director)




74      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                                Long-term Incentive Schemes




                                                                                                                                                                              Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                                 Values         of values
                                                                     Outstanding       Granted     Vested        Cancelled     Lapsed        Outstanding    recognised        recognised
                          Date of                                              at        during     during          during      during                 at        during             up to
 Name (Position)          grant         Vesting period                 1 Apr 2019(2)   the year   the year(3)     the year    the year(4)     31 Mar 2020      the year(5)   31 Mar 2020(6)
                                                                                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000

 Nancy TSE Sau Ling       14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          4,500            –      (4,500)             –             –                –             43              480
   (Independent Non-
   Executive Director)

 Elaine Carole YOUNG      14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019          4,500            –      (4,500)             –             –                –             43              480
    (Independent Non-
    Executive Director)

 Former Director
 Andy CHEUNG              14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019         54,500            –      (33,912)            –     (20,588)                 –            368             3,618
   Lee Ming(8)
   (Former
   Executive Director)

 Other participants
 In aggregate             14 Nov 2016   14 Nov 2016 to 30 Jun 2019        403,472(9)         –    (250,483)(9)          –     (152,989)(9)             –          2,709            26,726

 Total                                                                    738,472            –    (477,632)             –    (260,840)                 –          5,109           50,960


Notes:
(1) The restricted unit awards in the above table were all granted in conjunction with conditional cash awards.
(2) These figures (except those relating to the NED and INEDs) represent the maximum number of Units that may be issued on vesting of the relevant
    restricted unit awards. The actual number of Units that will finally vest and be issued to each relevant grantee may range from zero to such maximum
    number depending on whether, and to what extent, the relevant vesting conditions (if any) are met. The restricted unit awards relating to the NED and
    INEDs are tenure-based only.
(3) The closing price of the Units on the business day immediately preceding the date on which the relevant restricted unit awards were vested during the
    year was HK$96 per Unit. An aggregate amount of approximately HK$3.6 million was paid for the conditional cash awards vested simultaneously with the
    restricted unit awards during the year.
(4) These figures represent the maximum number of Units in respect of which the restricted unit awards had lapsed in the year. The conditional cash awards
    granted in conjunction with such restricted unit awards had lapsed simultaneously.
(5) Values recognised during the year represent the amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement under Hong Kong Financial Reporting
    Standards for the year ended 31 March 2020. The values are estimated by an independent external valuer based on valuation techniques and assumptions
    on Unit price, outstanding length of the awards and other market conditions, if appropriate, and charged to the consolidated income statement over the
    vesting period.
(6) Aggregate of values recognised up to 31 March 2020 represents the aggregated amounts recognised in the financial statements under Hong Kong Financial
    Reporting Standards for the period from grant dates to 31 March 2020.
(7) Mr NG Kok Siong and Mr Christopher John BROOKE were not included in this table as they were appointed as an ED and an INED respectively, after the
    expiry of the 2007 LTI Plan.
(8) Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming resigned as an ED on 2 October 2019.
(9) Included in these figures were outstanding restricted unit awards held by two former INEDs, including (i) restricted unit awards in respect of a maximum of
    5,750 Units held by Mr William CHAN Chak Cheung at the beginning of the year, of which 2,604 Units were vested and issued and the remaining balance
    had lapsed during the year; and (ii) restricted unit awards in respect of a maximum of 4,750 Units held by Mr David Charles WATT at the beginning of the
    year, of which 3,357 Units were vested and issued and the remaining balance had lapsed during the year.

The restricted unit awards and conditional cash awards granted under the 2007 LTI Plan are to be expensed through Link’s
consolidated income statement over the relevant vesting period. Further details of the 2007 LTI Plan are set out in Note 21 to
the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements                     75
Connected Party Transactions

Waivers from Strict Compliance
On the listing of Link and subsequently on 8 June 2007, 5 October 2015 and 19 January 2018, waivers from strict compliance
with the disclosure and Unitholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 8 of the REIT Code for certain connected party
transactions of Link were granted by the SFC.
During the year ended 31 March 2020, Link complied with the stipulated terms and conditions of the relevant waivers for the
relevant connected party transactions including, inter alia, (i) conducting the transactions at arm’s length on normal
commercial terms in the usual and ordinary course of business and in the interests of the Unitholders; (ii) wherever applicable,
within specific caps on transaction amounts or fees paid; and (iii) having the relevant transactions reviewed by the auditor
and the Audit and Risk Management Committee and approved by the Board.

Connected Persons and Connected Party Transactions
The following table sets out income derived or expenses incurred by Link and/or its SPVs from or with connected persons (as
defined under Chapter 8 of the REIT Code) below during the year under review:

                                                                                                                      Income       Expenses
 Name of connected person                   Relationship with Link          Nature of the transactions                derived       incurred
                                                                                                                       HK$’M          HK$’M

 Link Asset Management Limited              Manager                         Management fee(1)                            N/A          (697.3)
 HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia)   Trustee                         Trustee’s fee(2)                             N/A           (23.2)
   Limited
 Jones Lang LaSalle Limited (“JLL”) and     Former Principal Valuer         Valuation fees                               N/A            (0.8)
   its subsidiaries(3)
                                                                            Consultancy services fees                    N/A             (1.9)
                                                                            Agency fee                                   N/A            (17.0)
                                                                            Property management services fees(4)         N/A            (12.2)
                                                                            Fitter services fees   (5)
                                                                                                                         N/A            (8.5)
 Colliers International (Hong Kong)         Principal Valuer                Valuation fees                               N/A            (2.5)
   Limited (“Colliers”) and its
                                                                            Agency fee                                   N/A            (0.3)
   subsidiaries(6)
 HSBC and its subsidiaries (excluding the   Associates of Trustee           Tenancy/licence(7)                           38.5(8)        N/A
   Trustee and its proprietary
                                                                            Interest income                              20.4           N/A
   subsidiaries) (“HSBC Group”)
                                                                            Interest expenses and financing charges      N/A           (46.4)
                                                                            Arrangement fees/bank charges/               N/A            (21.7)
                                                                              transaction fees(9)
 Aedas Limited                              Associate of Mr Ian Keith       Architectural and renovation                 N/A            (0.8)
                                              GRIFFITHS                       consultancy services
 Aedas Beijing Limited                      Associate of Mr Ian Keith       Architectural and renovation                 N/A            (4.5)
                                              GRIFFITHS                       consultancy services
 The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed            Associate of Mr Andy            Sponsorship and membership fees              N/A           (0.09)
   Companies (“CHKLC”)(10)                    CHEUNG Lee Ming
 Dah Sing Bank                              Associate of Mr Blair Chilton   Tenancy/licence(7)                            8.6(8)        N/A
                                              PICKERELL
                                                                            Interest expenses                            N/A            (0.5)
                                                                            Arrangement fees and bank charges            N/A             (1.2)
 DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited               Associate of Ms Nancy TSE       Licence   (7)
                                                                                                                          0.3           N/A
   (“DBS (HK) Ltd.”)                          Sau Ling




76    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                          Connected Party Transactions




Notes:
(1) The Manager recovers its expenses from Link on a cost recovery basis.
(2) Trustee’s fee was calculated at the rate of, respectively, 0.008% per annum and 0.03% per annum of the property values of Link’s properties in and outside
    Hong Kong as determined in the latest annual valuation report prepared by the Principal Valuer, subject to a minimum of HK$150,000 per month.
    On 1 April 2020, a provision in the Trust Deed was amended to reduce the minimum percentage rate of the Trustee’s fee. The Trustee’s fee shall not be less
    than such amount as shall be equal to 0.006% per annum and 0.015% per annum of the values of Link’s properties in and outside Hong Kong respectively as
    determined in the latest annual valuation report prepared by the Principal Valuer, subject to a minimum of HK$150,000 per month.
(3) JLL retired as the Principal Valuer of Link on 17 November 2019 and accordingly, JLL ceased to be a connected person of Link with effect from 17 November
    2019.
(4) The total fees paid to Beijing Jones Lang LaSalle Property Management Services Co., Ltd. (Shenzhen Branch) (“Beijing JLLPM”) pursuant to a property
    management services contract entered into between a SPV of Link and Beijing JLLPM. Following the cessation of JLL as the Principal Valuer of Link on 17
    November 2019, Beijing JLLPM ceased to be a connected person of Link on the same day.
(5) These fees were the fitter services fees incurred during the year under review pursuant to the fitter services contracts award to Jones Lang LaSalle
    Management Services Limited (“JLLMSL”). Following the cessation of JLL as the Principal Valuer of Link on 17 November 2019, JLLMSL ceased to be a
    connected person of Link on the same day.
(6) Colliers was appointed as the Principal Valuer of Link on 17 November 2019 and accordingly, Colliers and its subsidiaries have become a connected person
    of Link with effect from 17 November 2019.
(7) These included shops, ATMs, showcases and minor lettings at various locations within Link’s properties.
(8) Excluding deposits received.
(9) Including transaction fees paid by the Manager for buy-back of Link’s Units and other administration fees charged by HSBC during the year under review.
(10) Following the resignation of Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming as ED on 2 October 2019, CHKLC ceased to be a connected person of Link with effect from
     2 October 2019.




                                                                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements            77
Connected Party Transactions




Lease Transactions with Connected Persons
The following tenancies were entered into during the year under review or still subsisted at the end of the year under review
by Link’s SPVs with the following connected persons with an annual rent exceeding HK$1 million:

                                                                                                                                              Rental deposit
                                                                                                                                                   received
                                                                                                                                                  during the
                                                                                                                                 Annual          year ended
 Name of tenant                 Nature of the transactions                   Lease term                                            rent(1)    31 March 2020
                                                                                                                                 HK$’M                HK$’M

 Dah Sing Bank                  Tenancy for shop nos. 1101 and 1102          Term of 2 years ending on 7 March                         3.2              N/A
                                  at Lok Fu Place                              2021
                                Tenancy for shop no. G3C at                  Term of 3 years ending on 9 June 2021                     2.7              N/A
                                  Temple Mall South
                                Tenancy for shop no. L120 at Tin Shing       Term of 6 years ending on                                 1.4              N/A
                                  Shopping Centre                              30 November 2021
 Hang Seng Bank, Limited        Tenancy for shop no. 121A at                 Term of 2 years ending on 2 July 2021                     3.4                  1.0
   (“Hang Seng”)                  Temple Mall South
                                Tenancy for shop no. G202 at                 Term of 3 years ended on                                  3.5                  1.0
                                  Lok Fu Place                                 31 October 2019 and then renewed
                                                                               for another term of 3 years ending
                                                                               on 31 October 2022
 HSBC                           Tenancy for shop nos. L201 to L206 at        Term of 3 years ending on                                 5.1              N/A
                                  Lok Fu Place                                 21 August 2022
                                Tenancy for shop no. N119 at Temple          Term of 2 years ending on                                 1.3              N/A
                                  Mall North                                   31 August 2021
                                Tenancy for shop nos. 118 to 120 at          Term of 3 years ending on                                 1.0              N/A
                                  Wing B of Hin Keng Shopping                  12 December 2020
                                  Centre
 HSBC Bank (China)              Tenancy for shop no. 186 at                  Term of 1 year ended on 14 April 2020                    4.2               N/A
   Company Limited                Metropolitan Plaza, Guangzhou
   (“HSBC Bank (China)”),
   Guangzhou Branch

Notes:
(1) Annual rent is calculated from the monthly base rent on a 12-month basis as if such rent was received from the beginning of the financial year.
(2) During the year under review, no lease transaction was entered into between DBS (HK) Ltd. and Link’s SPVs with an annual rent exceeding HK$1 million.




78     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                   Connected Party Transactions




Provision of Banking and Financial Services by Connected Persons
Link and/or its SPVs engaged the HSBC Group (including, among others, Hang Seng and HSBC Bank (China)) and Dah Sing
Bank to provide ordinary course banking and financial services in the year. Further details are set out in Note 31 to the
consolidated financial statements. The HSBC Group also provided services to SPVs of Link in relation to Mandatory Provident
Fund accounts and payment and receipt arrangements. Bank accounts were also maintained with the HSBC Group and Dah
Sing Bank for deposits and/or rent collection purposes in the year. During the year under review, DBS (HK) Ltd. did not provide
any ordinary course banking and financial services to Link or any of its SPVs.

Loans
Loan transactions by The Link Finance Limited (a wholly-owned SPV of Link) with those banks which are Link’s connected
persons in the year under review were as follows:
(i) a bilateral loan of HK$1.5 billion was made available in March 2016 by Hang Seng of which the outstanding amount due to
    Hang Seng as at 31 March 2020 was HK$1.5 billion; and
(ii) a four-year club loan of HK$12 billion was made available in September 2019 (with HSBC, Hang Seng and Dah Sing Bank
     being three of the relevant banks) of which outstanding amounts due to, respectively, HSBC was HK$880 million, Hang
     Seng was HK$440 million and Dah Sing Bank was HK$165 million as at 31 March 2020.
The Link Finance Limited (a wholly-owned SPV of Link) also maintained interest rate swap contracts, cross currency swap
contracts and par forward contracts with HSBC in the year under review. As at 31 March 2020, the total notional principal
outstanding value in respect of such contracts with HSBC was approximately HK$6.5 billion.

Deposits
As at 31 March 2020, SPVs of Link placed deposits with the HSBC Group of approximately HK$6.6 billion.

Other Transactions
Corporate Finance Transactions
During the year under review, Convertible Bonds as mentioned under the section head ‘Issue of Guaranteed Green
Convertible Bonds due 2024’ on pages 51 and 52 of this report were issued by Link 2019 CB Limited on 3 April 2019.
HSBC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc acting as the joint lead managers (the “Joint Lead Managers”), severally underwrote
the issue of the Convertible Bonds on the terms and conditions set out in the subscription agreement dated 7 March 2019
(the “Subscription Agreement”). The appointment of HSBC as one of the Joint Lead Managers was within the waiver
granted by SFC in its waiver letter dated 8 November 2005 (the “HSBC Waiver”). It was conducted at arm’s length on normal
commercial terms. The Joint Lead Managers confirmed that the issue of the Convertible Bonds, including the entering into
of the Subscription Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder, complied with all relevant conditions in the
HSBC Waiver and restrictions and covenants set out in the section headed ‘Connected Party Transaction with HSBC and HSBC
Waiver’ of the announcement dated 8 March 2019 issued by the Manager.
The total fee paid to HSBC for acting as one of the Joint Lead Managers was HK$9.6 million.
As at 31 March 2020, no Convertible Bonds had been issued to HSBC. HSBC’s interests in the Convertible Bonds is set out on
page 68 of this report.
Closing of the subscription of the Convertible Bonds took place on 3 April 2019. HSBC confirmed with the Manager that it had
placed out all the Convertible Bonds it underwrote with third parties that were not members of the HSBC Group.
For details of the Convertible Bonds issue, please refer to the announcements dated 7 March, 8 March and 3 April 2019 issued
by the Manager.




                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   79
Connected Party Transactions




Confirmation by the Manager and the Trustee in respect of Corporate Finance Transactions
with the HSBC Group
The Trustee and the Manager both confirmed that, with respect to the corporate finance transactions entered into with the
HSBC Group in the year under review, (i) such transactions were carried out at arm’s length on normal commercial terms;
(ii) the Trustee was not involved in the decisions to enter into such transactions, subject only to its duties of oversight under
the REIT Code and the Trust Deed; and (iii) the on-going general conditions under the HSBC Waiver (details of which were
disclosed in the offering circular dated 14 November 2005 of Link) were complied with. Save as disclosed above, there were
no other corporate finance transactions entered into by Link and its SPV with the HSBC Group in the year.

Report from Auditor in relation to Certain Connected Party Transactions
The continuing connected party transactions conducted in the year under review have been reviewed by the auditor in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits
or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the connected party
transactions including lease transactions and corporate finance transactions in accordance with the relevant waivers from
strict compliance with the disclosure and Unitholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 8 of the REIT Code granted by the
SFC.

Confirmation by the Audit and Risk Management Committee
Management submitted quarterly compliance reports on (among others) connected party transactions to the Audit and Risk
Management Committee for review. These reports were submitted to the Board after endorsement by the Audit and Risk
Management Committee.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee had reviewed and was satisfied that the general nature and types of the ordinary
course banking and financial services provided by the HSBC Group and Dah Sing Bank, and the corporate finance transactions
entered into with HSBC in the year under review were of the types that were contemplated in the respective waivers granted
by the SFC and were of the nature and types that were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business at arm’s
length on normal commercial terms and there were no material inconsistencies with the internal procedures of the Manager
that should be drawn to the attention of the Unitholders.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee also confirmed that, after review of the terms of all relevant connected party
transactions (including the lease and corporate finance transactions), it was satisfied that all such connected party
transactions entered into in the year under review:
(i)        were at arm’s length on normal commercial terms;
(ii)       were in the ordinary and usual course of business of Link;
(iii)      were fair and reasonable; and
(iv)       were in the interests of the Unitholders.




80      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                     Connected Party Transactions




Confirmation by the Manager
The Board (including INEDs) confirmed that:
(i) based on the information provided, and representations made, by the Trustee, it was satisfied with the internal control
    and compliance procedures of the Trustee, which demonstrated that the Trustee’s operations were run independently of
    other banking or financial functions or operations of the HSBC Group;
(ii) the basis of the cap amount in relation to the corporate advisory transactions for the provision of corporate finance
     advice set out in the relevant waivers was and remains fair and reasonable in light of Link’s operations and unitholding
     structure, including the objectives and strategy of Link, the size, geographical and tenancy mix of its property portfolio
     and its management structure;
(iii) the scope and terms of the relevant waivers were (and they remain) fair and reasonable, and in the best interests of the
      Unitholders; and
(iv) the Manager was not bound (and is under no obligation) to enter into corporate finance transactions with the HSBC
     Group despite of the HSBC Waiver granted.

Continuation of the Waivers Granted without Unitholders’ Approval
The Audit and Risk Management Committee has reviewed the terms of the relevant waivers. The Audit and Risk Management
Committee and the full Board (including the INEDs) were both satisfied that (on the basis of the terms of the relevant waivers
and the internal control and procedures in place) it was (and it remains) fair and reasonable and in the best interests of the
Unitholders that the relevant waivers continue without Unitholders’ approval.




                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   81
Link Together Initiatives

Link Together Initiatives supports projects which focus on:
1. Resource Management – support sustainable development
2. Youth Empowerment – empower youth for a better future
3. Active Ageing – promote active living of seniors

Types of Funding:
1.   Project Fund
     • Support projects with innovative service concepts that fill social service gaps
     • Advance sustainable development in the communities Link serves

2.   Link University Scholarship
     • Established in 2015, the Link University Scholarship supports the first generation university students to study at a
       Hong Kong university
     • Promote upward social mobility of Hong Kong Youth
     • A grant of HK$20,000 for each awardee to help realise their dreams and ambitions
     • Create platforms for scholars to gain exposure through Link Scholars Alumni programme
     • Applicants who apply for the first year university scholarship must be a Secondary Six full-time student applying for
       university studies at a Hong Kong university funded by the University Grants Committee in the current year and is
       nominated by their secondary school, and is the first amongst three generations in their family
     • Applicants who apply for Year 2 to 4 university scholarship must be full-time university students who will continue
       their Year 2, 3 or 4 full-time bachelor’s study at a Hong Kong university funded by the University Grants Committee in
       the current year and is the first amongst three generations in their family

Link Together Initiatives 2019/2020 – Major Projects:

                              Project                                  Target      Funding
                              Category/            Target        Beneficiaries     Donated
 Organisation                 Name                 Audience      (approx. no)        (HK$)      Progress Update

 1. Arts’ Options             Inspirational        Elderly               1,400      1,212,200   The project aims to unleash the
      Limited                    Drama                                                          potential of the young-old and
                                 Programme                                                      elderly by providing them with
                                 for Elderly                                                    professional theatre training.
                                                                                                Through public performance, the
                                                                                                elderly people are engaged and
                                                                                                connected to the community, and
                                                                                                may even turn their hobby into a
                                                                                                second career in the long run. Arts’
                                                                                                Options aspires to set up the first
                                                                                                seniors’ theatre group in Hong Kong
                                                                                                in the future.

                                                                                                As of 31 March 2020, Arts’ Options
                                                                                                recruited 178 elderly to join
                                                                                                experiential drama and audition
                                                                                                workshops. A total of 44 elderly
                                                                                                participants were selected to join
                                                                                                professional drama training, which
                                                                                                had to be conducted online due to
                                                                                                the pandemic. Arts’ Options is
                                                                                                planning to hold performances in
                                                                                                Link’s malls and theatres in the third
                                                                                                quarter.

82   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                       Link Together Initiatives




                           Project                               Target         Funding
                           Category/       Target          Beneficiaries        Donated
Organisation               Name            Audience        (approx. no)           (HK$)      Progress Update

2. Big Silver Community    Big Silver      Elderly             1,310,000       2,542,004     The project promotes building of an
     Limited                  Well-being                                                     ageing-friendly community in Hong
                              Community                                                      Kong. It adopts an innovative
                                                                                             approach which combines its media
                                                                                             experience with community
                                                                                             activities to serve the society. The
                                                                                             working group, consisting of
                                                                                             veteran journalists, registered social
                                                                                             workers and marketing
                                                                                             professionals, produces a series of
                                                                                             interesting publications with
                                                                                             practical well-being information,
                                                                                             holds community events, and
                                                                                             supports carers’ journey at its Carers
                                                                                             Station.

                                                                                             As of 31 March 2020, five issues of
                                                                                             Big Zine were published and
                                                                                             distributed at 17 Link malls for free.
                                                                                             Meanwhile, two health talks and
                                                                                             three volunteer training sessions
                                                                                             were organised. Due to the
                                                                                             pandemic, a mini-expo was
                                                                                             postponed and some health talks
                                                                                             have been conducted online.

3. Bo Charity Foundation   Food Angel –    Elderly and         1,935,800        3,653,112    For the fourth consecutive year, the
     Limited                 Love & Food      low-income                                     project has arranged for surplus
                             Sharing and      families                                       food to be collected at over 30
                             Education                                                       Link’s fresh markets and 15 shopping
                                                                                             centres to provide meal boxes and
                                                                                             food packs to the needy. The
                                                                                             project targets to save over 600
                                                                                             tonnes food waste each year and
                                                                                             benefit more than 1.9 million people.

                                                                                             As of 31 March 2020, the
                                                                                             organisation had collected over
                                                                                             198,000 kg of surplus food from
                                                                                             over 30 fresh markets of Link to
                                                                                             produce over 586,000 hot meals
                                                                                             and 45,000 food packs. Due to the
                                                                                             pandemic, the organisation’s
                                                                                             kitchen was closed and surplus food
                                                                                             collection was affected. Link
                                                                                             supported the organisation to serve
                                                                                             the underprivileged with food
                                                                                             packs instead of hot meals.




                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements           83
Link Together Initiatives




                               Project                                  Target    Funding
                               Category/            Target        Beneficiaries   Donated
 Organisation                  Name                 Audience      (approx. no)      (HK$)     Progress Update

 4. Culture Power              We are Top           Youth                2,043     721,350    The project creates a platform for
      Charity Foundation        Crew                                                          young people in Yuen Long, Tin
      Limited                                                                                 Shui Wai and Tuen Mun to explore
                                                                                              their interests in graffiti and street
                                                                                              dance. The project is designed to
                                                                                              equip young people with project
                                                                                              management and communications
                                                                                              skills through on the-job training in
                                                                                              the performing arts industry. It also
                                                                                              encourages young people to
                                                                                              participate in volunteer services in
                                                                                              New Territories West, helping them
                                                                                              contribute to the neighbourhood
                                                                                              and strengthen their ties with the
                                                                                              society.

                                                                                              As of 31 March 2020, 30 young
                                                                                              members as well as 13 mentors and
                                                                                              KOLs participated in the project.
                                                                                              The organisation has planned two
                                                                                              volunteer services for elderly in
                                                                                              New Territories West. It is planning
                                                                                              to conduct site visits, as part of the
                                                                                              training programme, and
                                                                                              community performances at Link’s
                                                                                              malls from May onwards.

 5. Hong Kong Guide            Guide Dogs           Visually-             1,200   900,000     Running for the sixth year of the
      Dogs Association           Training and         impaired                                project, Link continues to provide
      Limited                    Public               Person                                  all-round support to HKGDA to
                                 Education                                                    develop guide dog services in Hong
                                                                                              Kong, as well as to promote an
                                                                                              inclusive community, contributing
                                                                                              to the benefits of over 170,000
                                                                                              visually impaired persons.

                                                                                              As of 31 March 2020, the
                                                                                              organisation has organised 12
                                                                                              seminars and one interactive
                                                                                              learning workshops in various
                                                                                              non-profit organisations, schools
                                                                                              and kindergartens, reaching more
                                                                                              than 1,200 people. Due to the
                                                                                              pandemic, 220 puppy raisers
                                                                                              training sessions were conducted
                                                                                              on a one-on-one basis at puppy
                                                                                              raisers’ homes.

 6. Po Leung Kuk               Silver Age Got       Elderly              5,425    1,232,280   In its third year, the project
                                  Talent                                                      continues to promote active ageing
                                                                                              and bring positive energy to the
                                                                                              community by providing training
                                                                                              and performance opportunities in
                                                                                              clowning, djembe and boxing dance
                                                                                              to the elderly.

                                                                                              As of 31 March 2020, over 190
                                                                                              elderly participants took part in
                                                                                              clowning, boxing dance, percussion
                                                                                              and djembe training. A ‘Silver Age
                                                                                              Got Talent’ event was held in Jan
                                                                                              2020 to showcase their talents and
                                                                                              achievements.

84    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                            Link Together Initiatives




Link Together Initiatives 2019/2020 – Link University Scholarship
Inaugurated in 2015, The Link University Scholarship programme is our flagship programme to support the development of
future talent in Hong Kong. It is a non-means-tested programme to offer scholarships to students who are the first in three
generations within their families to attend university. In 2019/2020, Link granted HK$3.8 million to support 190 local university
students with each awardee receiving HK$20,000 scholarship, to pursue their dreams through university education. 750
scholarships have been awarded since its establishment. As an extension of the Scholarship, Link Scholars Alumni was
established with the aim to widen the horizon and exposure of students through various community engagement and
internship opportunities.

Link University Scholarship 2019/2020 – The University attended by 100 Scholarship
Awardees (Year 1 University Scholarship):
• City University of Hong Kong: 5
• Hong Kong Baptist University: 4
• The Chinese University of Hong Kong: 47
• The Education University of Hong Kong: 2
• The Hong Kong Polytechnic University: 10
• The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology: 10
• The University of Hong Kong: 22

Link University Scholarship 2019/2020 – The University attended by 90 Scholarship Awardees
(Year 2-4 University Scholarship):
• Hong Kong Baptist University: 8
• Lingnan University: 1
• The Chinese University of Hong Kong: 65
• The Education University of Hong Kong: 1
• The Hong Kong Polytechnic University: 2
• The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology: 5
• The University of Hong Kong: 8




                                                                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   85
Trustee’s Report




Trustee’s Report

We hereby confirm that, in our opinion, the Manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust has, in all material respects,
managed Link Real Estate Investment Trust in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed dated 6 September 2005, as
amended and supplemented by twelve supplemental deeds, for the financial year ended 31 March 2020.


HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited
in its capacity as the Trustee of Link Real Estate Investment Trust

Hong Kong, 1 June 2020




86   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Independent Auditor’s Report




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF LINK REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST
(a collective investment scheme authorised under section 104 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
Laws of Hong Kong))

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of Link Real Estate Investment Trust (“Link”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set
out on pages 92 to 143, which comprise:
• the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2020;
• the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of distributions for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of changes in equity and net assets attributable to Unitholders for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
• the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 March 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”).

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   87
Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. The key audit matter identified in our audit relates to the valuation of investment properties.

 Key Audit Matter                                                How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Valuation of Investment Properties                              Experience of Valuer and relevance of their work
 Refer to notes 3(d), 5(a) and 15 to the consolidated            We read the Valuer’s report and understand that the
 financial statements                                            valuation was carried out in accordance with the Royal
                                                                 Institution of Chartered Surveyors’ RICS Valuation – Global
 The Group’s investment properties are the key component
                                                                 Standards, incorporating the International Valuation
 of the net asset value attributable to the unitholders and
                                                                 Standards Council’s International Valuation Standards, the
 underpins the Group’s result for the year. The aggregated
                                                                 Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors’ HKIS Valuation
 valuation of investment properties in the consolidated
                                                                 Standards 2017 and Chapter 6 of the REIT Code. We
 statement of financial position as at 31 March 2020 was
                                                                 assessed the Valuer’s qualifications and expertise and read
 HK$193,224 million and the fair value loss of investment
                                                                 their terms of engagement with the Group to determine
 properties for the year was HK$23,948 million, which were
                                                                 whether there were any matters that might have affected
 significant components of the consolidated financial
                                                                 their objectivity or may have imposed scope limitations
 statements. As at 31 March 2020, the Group’s investment
                                                                 upon their work.
 properties portfolio comprises of retail and office
 properties and car parks in Hong Kong and Mainland China.       Valuation methodology used by the Valuer
 The valuations were carried out by a third party valuer (the    We involved our experts in property valuation to discuss,
 “Valuer”). Under the Code on Real Estate Investment             assess and evaluate the reasonableness of the valuation
 Trusts issued by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures           methodologies and models used by the Valuer by
 Commission (the “REIT Code”), the Valuer shall retire after     comparing against our knowledge in valuation and the
 it has conducted valuations for three consecutive years,        properties industry.
 and may only be reappointed after three years. During the
                                                                 Data used by the Valuer
 year ended 31 March 2020, a new Valuer was appointed
 and was engaged by the Trustee of Link.                         We checked, on a sample basis, the data used by the
                                                                 Valuer to perform the valuation to appropriate supporting
 The valuation of the Group’s completed investment
                                                                 documents, including:
 properties is inherently subjective due to, among other
 factors, the individual nature of each property, its location   • key terms of lease agreements;
 and the expected future rentals for that particular             • operating expenditure details; and
 property.
                                                                 • rental income schedules.




88   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Valuation of Investment Properties (Continued)               Assumptions and estimates used by the Valuer
In determining a property’s valuation as at 31 March 2020,   We attended meetings with the Valuer where we
the Valuer took into account property-specific information   discussed the valuation approaches and the key
such as tenancy agreements, rental income and direct         assumptions used. The assumptions used varied across the
property expenses. The income capitalisation approach        portfolio depending on the age, nature and location of
was primarily used, with cross reference to direct           each property but they included estimated capitalisation
comparison approach where applicable. The Valuer applied     rate and net passing income. In each of these areas, and
assumptions for capitalisation rates and net passing         on a sample basis, we compared the estimates and
income, which were influenced by the prevailing market       assumptions used by the Valuer against the published
yields and comparable market transactions to arrive at the   industry benchmarks and comparable market transactions,
final valuation.                                             and our experience in this sector. We performed further
                                                             work on the properties with assumptions suggesting a
In determining a property’s valuation as at 31 March 2019,
                                                             possible outlier versus market data for the relevant
the income capitalisation approach and discounted cash
                                                             property sector. Where assumptions were outside the
flow analysis were primarily used for completed
                                                             expected range or were otherwise unusual, and/or
properties, with cross reference to direct comparison
                                                             valuations showed unexpected movements, we held
approach where applicable. For properties under
                                                             further discussions with the Valuer to understand the
development, the residual approach was used, whereby
                                                             rationale and obtained additional audit evidence to
the valuation was derived from the gross development
                                                             support the explanations received.
value of the project upon completion (estimated using a
direct comparison approach) less estimated outstanding       We considered that the methodologies used in preparing
development costs and allowance for developer’s risk and     the valuation were appropriate and key assumptions were
profit.                                                      supportable in light of available and comparable market
                                                             evidence.
The adoption of income capitalisation approach only is in
line with market practice of property valuation and the
change is compliant with the Trust Deed.
The existence of significant estimation warrants specific
audit focus in this area.
There were a number of specific factors affecting the
valuations in the year which we considered when making
our judgements including:
• the revitalisation of certain investment properties
  through the Group’s Asset Enhancement Program; and
• the performance of the Group’s investment property
  portfolio.




                                                                        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   89
Independent Auditor’s Report




Other Information
Link Asset Management Limited (the “Manager” of Link) is responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Manager and the Audit and Risk Management Committee for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The Manager is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, and for such internal control as the Manager determines is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Manager is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the Manager either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
In addition, the Manager is required to ensure that the consolidated financial statements have been properly prepared in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed dated 6 September 2005, as amended by 13 Supplemental Deeds
(the “Trust Deed”), and the relevant disclosure provisions of Appendix C of the REIT Code.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements. In addition, we are required to assess whether the consolidated financial statements of the Group have been
properly prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the relevant
disclosure provisions of Appendix C of the REIT Code.




90   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
  error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
  appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
  higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
  or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
  the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
  disclosures made by the Manager.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Manager’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
  evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
  the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
  draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
  disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
  date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
  concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
  and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
  achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
  the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
  and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit and Risk Management Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.
We also provide the Audit and Risk Management Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the Audit and Risk Management Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.

Report on Matters Under the Relevant Provisions of the Trust Deed and the Relevant
Disclosure Provisions of Appendix C of the REIT Code
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements have been properly prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with
the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the relevant disclosure provisions of Appendix C of the REIT Code.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Hung Nam.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, 1 June 2020

                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   91
Consolidated Income Statement
For the year ended 31 March 2020



                                                                                                                         2020                           2019
                                                                                            Note                        HK$’M                          HK$’M

 Revenue                                                                                      6                          10,718                            10,037
 Property operating expenses                                                                  8                          (2,498)                           (2,348)

 Net property income                                                                                                      8,220                            7,689


 General and administrative expenses                                                                                       (416)                            (405)
 Change in fair values of investment properties                                              15(a)                      (23,948)                           12,269
 Gains on disposals of investment properties                                                                                   –                            2,761
 Interest income                                                                                                            183                               85
 Finance costs                                                                                9                            (630)                            (598)

 (Loss)/profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders                              10                        (16,591)                           21,801


 Taxation                                                                                     12                            (712)                          (1,359)

 (Loss)/profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders                                                       (17,303)                       20,442


 Distributions paid to Unitholders:
 – 2020 interim distribution                                                                                             (2,966)                               –
 – 2019 final distribution                                                                                               (2,964)                               –
 – 2019 interim distribution                                                                                                   –                           (2,759)
 – 2018 final distribution                                                                                                     –                           (2,758)

                                                                                                                        (23,233)                           14,925

 Represented by:
 Change in net assets attributable to Unitholders, excluding issues of
   new units and units bought back                                                                                      (24,835)                           13,260
 Amount arising from exchange reserve and cash flow hedging reserve
  movements                                                                                   28                          1,783                             1,552
 Non-controlling interest                                                                                                   (181)                             113

                                                                                                                        (23,233)                           14,925

 (Loss)/profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to
 – Unitholders (Note)                                                                         13                         (17,122)                      20,329
 – Non-controlling interest                                                                                                 (181)                             113

                                                                                                                        (17,303)                       20,442


The notes on pages 98 to 143 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Note: (Loss)/earnings per unit, based upon (loss)/profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to Unitholders and the weighted
      average number of units in issue, is set out in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.




92     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 March 2020



                                                                                                                After
                                                                Before           Transactions            transactions
                                                          transactions                   with                    with                  Non-
                                                                  with            Unitholders             Unitholders            controlling
                                                           Unitholders               (Note (i))             (Note (ii))             interest                   Total
                                                                HK$’M                  HK$’M                   HK$’M                 HK$’M                    HK$’M

 For the year ended 31 March 2020


 Loss for the year                                               (17,122)                18,905                   1,783                   (181)                 1,602


 Other comprehensive income
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently
    to the consolidated income statement
 – Cash flow hedging reserve                                          (96)                     –                    (96)                     –                    (96)
 – Exchange reserve                                               (1,687)                      –                 (1,687)                     –                 (1,687)

 Total comprehensive loss for the year                           (18,905)                18,905                       –                   (181)                  (181)


 For the year ended 31 March 2019


 Profit for the year                                              20,329                 (18,777)                 1,552                     113                 1,665


 Other comprehensive income
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently
    to the consolidated income statement
 – Cash flow hedging reserve                                        (236)                      –                   (236)                     –                   (236)
 – Exchange reserve                                                 (1,316)                    –                  (1,316)                    –                  (1,316)

 Total comprehensive income for the year                           18,777                (18,777)                     –                     113                    113


The notes on pages 98 to 143 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Notes:
(i) Transactions with Unitholders comprise the distributions to Unitholders of HK$5,930 million (2019: HK$5,517 million) and change in net assets attributable to
    Unitholders, excluding issues of new units and units bought back, which is a decrease of HK$24,835 million (2019: an increase of HK$13,260 million).
(ii) In accordance with the Trust Deed, the units of Link Real Estate Investment Trust contain contractual obligations to pay to its Unitholders cash distributions
     and also upon termination of the trust, a share of all net cash proceeds derived from the sale or realisation of the assets of the trust less any liabilities, in
     accordance with their proportionate interests in the trust at the date of the termination. The Unitholders’ funds are therefore classified as a financial liability
     rather than equity in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 32: Financial Instruments: Presentation. Consistent with Unitholders’ funds being
     classified as a financial liability, the distributions to Unitholders and change in net assets attributable to Unitholders, excluding issues of new units and units
     bought back, are finance costs. Accordingly, the total comprehensive income attributable to Unitholders, after the transactions with Unitholders, is zero.




                                                                                                        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements             93
Consolidated Statement of Distributions
For the year ended 31 March 2020



                                                                                                                                2020                             2019
                                                                                                  Note                         HK$’M                            HK$’M

 (Loss)/profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders attributable
   to Unitholders                                                                                                               (17,122)                        20,329


 Adjustments:
 – Change in fair values of investment properties attributable to Unitholders                                                   23,831                           (12,151)
 – Deferred taxation on change in fair values of investment properties attributable
   to Unitholders                                                                                                                 (454)                            250
 – Change in fair values of derivative components of convertible bonds                                                             (157)                              –
 – Change in fair values of financial instruments                                                                                 (276)                              90
 – Gains on disposals of investment properties, net of transaction costs                                                              –                          (2,761)
 – Depreciation and amortisation of real estate and related assets                                                                   41                               –
 – Other non-cash income                                                                                                           (189)                            (87)


 Discretionary distribution (Note (i))                                                                                              291                              53

 Total Distributable Amount (Note (i))                                                                                           5,965                            5,723

 Interim distribution, paid                                                                                                      2,966                            2,759
 Final distribution, to be paid to the Unitholders                                                                               2,999                           2,964

 Total distributions for the year                                                                                                5,965                            5,723

 Units in issue at 31 March                                                                        27                  2,057,898,386                     2,109,321,254

 Distributions per unit to Unitholders:
 – Interim distribution per unit, paid (Note (ii))                                                                    HK141.47 cents                   HK130.62 cents
 – Final distribution per unit, to be paid to the Unitholders (Note (iii))                                           HK145.72 cents                    HK140.55 cents

 Distribution per unit for the year                                                                                  HK287.19 cents                     HK271.17 cents


The notes on pages 98 to 143 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Notes:
(i) Under the terms of the Trust Deed, Link Real Estate Investment Trust is required to distribute to Unitholders no less than 90% of its distributable income for
    each financial year. Distributable income, according to the Trust Deed, is the Group’s consolidated profit after taxation attributable to Unitholders, as
    adjusted to eliminate the effect of certain non-cash adjustments which have been recorded in the consolidated income statement for the relevant year.
    For the year ended 31 March 2020, the Manager has decided to distribute 100% (2019: 100%) of its distributable income to Unitholders. In addition, the
    Manager recommended a capital return in the form of a discretionary distribution of HK$291 million (2019: HK$53 million). Together with the discretionary
    distribution, Total Distributable Amount represented 105% (2019: 101%) of the distributable income of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2020.
(ii) The interim distribution per unit of HK141.47 cents (2019: HK130.62 cents) for the six months ended 30 September 2019 was calculated based on the interim
     distribution of HK$2,966 million (2019: HK$2,759 million) for the period and 2,096,767,886 units (2019: 2,111,986,754 units) in issue as at 30 September 2019.
     The interim distribution was paid to Unitholders on 10 December 2019.
(iii) The final distribution per unit of HK145.72 cents (2019: HK140.55 cents) for the year ended 31 March 2020 is calculated based on the final distribution to be
      paid to the Unitholders of HK$2,999 million (2019: HK$2,964 million) for the second half of the financial year and 2,057,898,386 units (2019: 2,109,321,254 units)
      in issue as at 31 March 2020, without taking into account any change in the number of units in issue subsequent to the approval of the consolidated
      financial statements. The final distribution will be paid to Unitholders on 30 July 2020.




94     Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 March 2020



                                                                                                    2020                       2019
                                                                         Note                      HK$’M                      HK$’M

 Assets
   Goodwill                                                               14                          424                        433
   Investment properties                                                  15                      193,224                    218,496
   Property, plant and equipment                                          16                        1,389                        138
   Financial assets at amortised cost                                     17                        2,746                          –
   Deposits and prepayments                                                                           497                        106
   Derivative financial instruments                                       25                           231                        42
   Trade and other receivables                                            18                         1,231                       933
   Bank deposits                                                          19                             –                     4,095
   Cash and cash equivalents                                              19                        7,877                      2,694

 Total assets                                                                                     207,619                    226,937

 Liabilities, excluding net assets attributable to Unitholders
   Deferred tax liabilities                                               20                        2,871                        3,191
   Long-term incentive schemes provision                                  21                          136                         200
   Other liabilities                                                      22                        5,017                       5,100
   Interest bearing liabilities                                           23                       30,688                      24,217
   Convertible bonds                                                      24                        3,910                            –
   Security deposits                                                                                1,782                        1,751
   Derivative financial instruments                                       25                           88                         246
   Provision for taxation                                                                             370                          321
   Trade payables, receipts in advance and accruals                       26                        2,640                      2,585

 Total liabilities, excluding net assets attributable to Unitholders                               47,502                      37,611

 Non-controlling interest                                                                             406                          587

 Net assets attributable to Unitholders                                                            159,711                    188,739

 Units in issue                                                           27                2,057,898,386               2,109,321,254

 Net assets per unit attributable to Unitholders                                                HK$77.61                   HK$89.48


The notes on pages 98 to 143 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
On behalf of the Board of Directors of
Link Asset Management Limited, as manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust




Nicholas Charles ALLEN                                   George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
Chairman                                                 Chief Executive Officer
1 June 2020                                              1 June 2020




                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements     95
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and
Net Assets Attributable to Unitholders
For the year ended 31 March 2020

                                                                                    Net assets                       Non-
                                                                               attributable to       Total     controlling
                                                                                  Unitholders     reserves        interest
                                                                        Note           HK$’M        HK$’M          HK$’M

 At 1 April 2019                                                                      188,739         580             587
 Issuance of units under the 2007 LTI Plan                                                 47            –              –
 Units bought back for cancellation                                                    (4,240)           –              –
 Loss for the year ended 31 March 2020,
   before transactions with Unitholders                                                (17,122)          –            (181)
 Distributions paid to Unitholders
 – 2020 interim distribution                                                           (2,966)           –              –
 – 2019 final distribution                                                             (2,964)           –              –
 Change in fair values of cash flow hedges                               28                 –          (58)             –
 Amount transferred to the consolidated income statement                 28                 –          (38)             –
 Exchange loss on translation of financial statements                    28                 –       (1,687)             –
 Amount arising from exchange reserve
  and cash flow hedging reserve movements                                28             (1,783)      1,783              –
 Change in net assets attributable to Unitholders and non-controlling
   interest for the year ended 31 March 2020, excluding issues of
   new units and units bought back                                                    (24,835)           –            (181)

 At 31 March 2020                                                                      159,711        580             406

 At 1 April 2018                                                                       178,594        580             474
 Issuance of units under the 2007 LTI Plan                                                 101           –              –
 Units bought back for cancellation                                                     (3,216)          –              –
 Profit for the year ended 31 March 2019,
   before transactions with Unitholders                                                20,329            –             113
 Distributions paid to Unitholders
 – 2019 interim distribution                                                            (2,759)          –              –
 – 2018 final distribution                                                              (2,758)          –              –
 Change in fair values of cash flow hedges                               28                 –         (162)             –
 Amount transferred to the consolidated income statement                 28                 –          (74)             –
 Exchange loss on translation of financial statements                    28                 –        (1,316)            –
 Amount arising from exchange reserve
  and cash flow hedging reserve movements                                28             (1,552)      1,552              –
 Change in net assets attributable to Unitholders and non-controlling
   interest for the year ended 31 March 2019, excluding issues of
   new units and units bought back                                                      13,260           –             113

 At 31 March 2019                                                                      188,739        580             587


The notes on pages 98 to 143 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




96    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 March 2020



                                                                                                      2020                       2019
                                                                          Note                       HK$’M                      HK$’M

 Operating activities
 Net cash generated from operating activities                             29(a)                       6,589                          5,941

 Investing activities
   Acquisition of businesses                                                                            (67)                     (7,085)
   Proceeds from disposals of investment properties                                                       –                      12,010
   Additions to investment properties                                                                 (1,388)                    (2,623)
   Additions to property, plant and equipment                                                          (218)                          (49)
   Purchase of financial assets at amortised cost                                                     (2,777)                           –
   Interest income received                                                                             188                            92
   Deposit paid for acquisition of a property                                                          (365)                            –
   Decrease in bank deposits with original maturity of more than
     three months                                                                                     4,095                      4,430

 Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                                (532)                      6,775

 Financing activities
   Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities, net of transaction costs                              21,629                     14,804
   Repayment of interest bearing liabilities                                                        (15,474)                    (19,124)
   Proceeds from convertible bonds, net of transaction costs                                          3,974                             –
   Increase in amount due to non-controlling interest                                                   159                           559
   Interest expenses paid                                                                              (882)                         (648)
   Payment of lease liabilities                                                                           (2)                           –
   Distributions paid to Unitholders                                                                 (5,930)                     (5,517)
   Units bought back for cancellation                                                                (4,240)                     (3,216)

 Net cash used in financing activities                                                                 (766)                    (13,142)

 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                 5,291                          (426)


 Cash and cash equivalents at 1 April                                                                 2,694                          3,164


 Effect on exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                          (108)                          (44)

 Cash and cash equivalents at 31 March                                     19                         7,877                      2,694


The notes on pages 98 to 143 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1    Corporate Information
     Link Real Estate Investment Trust (“Link”) is a collective investment scheme authorised under section 104 of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). Link is governed by a trust deed entered into
     on 6 September 2005 (as amended and supplemented by 13 Supplemental Deeds dated 4 November 2005, 8 November
     2005, 16 January 2006, 21 November 2006, 13 July 2007, 23 July 2007, 5 October 2009, 23 July 2010, 25 July 2012, 18
     February 2014, 15 January 2015, 25 July 2018 and 1 April 2020) (together the “Trust Deed”).
     The principal activity of Link and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) is investing in real estate (other than real estate of a
     residential, hotel or serviced apartment nature) and undertaking property development and related activities in respect
     of all types of developments that contain retail and/or commercial portions. The addresses of the registered offices of
     the Manager, Link Asset Management Limited, and the Trustee, HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited, are 20/F.,
     Tower 1, The Quayside, 77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong and 1 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong,
     respectively.

2    Basis of Preparation
     (a) Statement of Compliance
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting
           Standards (“HKFRSs”), the requirements of the Trust Deed and the relevant disclosure requirements as set out in
           Appendix C of the Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts (the “REIT Code”) issued by the Securities and Futures
           Commission of Hong Kong. HKFRSs is a collective term which includes all applicable HKFRSs, Hong Kong
           Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
           Accountants.

     (b) Accounting Convention
           During the year, the Group has changed the presentation of the consolidated statement of financial position by
           adopting the liquidity basis as it is considered to be more relevant and meaningful to readers based on the timing
           of their realisation or settlement of assets and liabilities as justified by the market situation. The change in the
           presentation has been applied retrospectively.
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by
           the revaluation of derivative financial instruments, long-term incentive schemes provision, derivative components
           of convertible bonds, investment properties and non-controlling interest put option obligation, which are stated
           at fair values as explained in the significant accounting policies set out in Note 3.




98   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2   Basis of Preparation (Continued)
    (c) Adoption of New and Revised Accounting Policies
        For the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group has adopted the following new standards, amendments and
        interpretations which became effective or available for early adoption.

        HKAS 19 Amendments                                               Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
        HKAS 28 Amendments                                               Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
        HKFRS 3 Amendments                                               Definition of a Business
        HKFRS 9 Amendments                                               Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
        HKFRS 16                                                         Leases
        HK(IFRIC)-Int 23                                                 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
        Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle

        The adoption of these new standards, amendments and interpretations has not had any significant effect on the
        results reported and financial position of the Group. The accounting policies have been updated where applicable
        for these new standards, amendments and interpretations.
        The following new standards and amendments, which have been published but are not yet effective, have not
        been early adopted in the consolidated financial statements. These are effective for the Group’s accounting
        periods beginning on or after 1 April 2020.

        HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 Amendments                      Definition of Material(1)
        HKAS 39, HKFRS 7 and HKFRS 9 Amendments           Interest Rate Benchmark Reform(1)
        HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Amendments                   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                             Associate or Joint Venture­(3)
        HKFRS 17                                          Insurance Contracts(2)
        Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting(1)
        (1)
              effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020
        (2)
              effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
        (3)
              no mandatory effective date is determined yet but early application is permitted

        The Group is in the process of making an assessment of the impact of these new standards and amendments upon
        initial application.




                                                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
      The significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out
      below. Save as the adoption of new and revised accounting policies, these policies have been consistently applied to all
      the years presented.

      (a) Basis of Consolidation
            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of Link and all its subsidiaries as at 31
            March 2020 and their results for the year then ended.
            Subsidiaries are entities, including structured entities, over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
            entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has
            the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
            Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated
            from the date that control ceases.
            Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
            eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of impairment of the
            asset transferred.
            The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for
            the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former
            owners of the acquiree and the units issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of
            any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and
            liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at
            the acquisition date. Acquisition related costs are expensed in the consolidated income statement during the
            period in which they are incurred.
            Where the Group enters into a contract that contains an obligation (for example a written put option exercisable
            by the contract counterparty) to acquire shares in a partly-owned subsidiary company from the non-controlling
            interest, which is not part of a business combination, the Group records a financial liability for the present value of
            the redemption amount with a corresponding charge directly to net assets attributable to Unitholders. Changes to
            the value of the financial liability are recognised in the consolidated income statement.
            From 1 April 2019, the Group has adopted the HKFRS 3 amendments, which clarifies the definition of a business and
            introduces an optional concentration test. Business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition
            date is on or after 1 April 2019 may elect to apply an optional concentration test, where substantially all of the fair
            value of gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets,
            the acquired set of activities and assets is not a business and the transaction is then not a business combination.
            Where the concentration test is not applied nor met, a transaction may still be considered to be an asset
            acquisition if a substantive process has not been acquired. A substantive process is the ability to develop or
            convert inputs into outputs.

      (b) Segment Reporting
            A segment is a distinguishable component of the Group that is engaged either in providing a particular type of
            service, or in providing services within a particular economic environment, and which is subject to risks and
            rewards that are different from those of other segments. Consistent with the Group’s internal financial reporting to
            the Manager, being the chief operating decision maker, for the purpose of making decisions about allocating
            resources and assessing performance, segment assets consist primarily of tangible assets and receivables and
            segment liabilities mainly comprise operating liabilities.




100   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (c) Foreign Currency Translation
        (i)    Functional and Presentation Currencies
               Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
               the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The
               consolidated financial statements are presented in millions of Hong Kong Dollars, which is the functional
               currency of Link and the Group’s presentation currency.

        (ii)   Transactions and Balances
               Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
               at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses
               resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at the reporting date exchange
               rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated
               income statement, except when deferred in other comprehensive income as qualifying cash flow hedges and
               qualifying net investment hedges.

        (iii) Group Companies
              The results and financial position of all the Group’s entities that have a functional currency different from the
              presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
               –    assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position of the Group’s entities are translated at the
                    reporting date closing rate;
               –    income and expenditures for each income statement of the Group’s entities are translated at average
                    exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the
                    rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenditures are translated at the
                    rates on the dates of the transactions); and
               –    all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

               Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
               liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the reporting date closing rate. Currency translation
               differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

    (d) Investment Properties
        A property that is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, is classified as an investment
        property. It also includes properties that are being constructed or developed for future use as investment
        properties.
        Investment property comprises land held under government leases and treated under finance lease and buildings
        held under finance leases.
        An investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.
        After initial recognition, an investment property is carried at fair value, representing open market value determined
        at each reporting date. The carrying value of the investment property is reviewed every six months and is
        independently valued by external valuer at least annually.
        Any gain or loss arising on disposal of the investment property (calculated as the difference between the disposal
        proceeds and the carrying amount, including revaluation, of the asset) is recognised in the consolidated income
        statement in the period in which the investment property is disposed of.
        Changes in fair values of the investment properties are recognised in the consolidated income statement.
        Subsequent expenditure is capitalised to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future
        economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
        reliably. All other repair and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated income statement during the
        period in which they are incurred.



                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      (e) Property, Plant and Equipment
            Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from property leased for own use, are stated
            at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes
            expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
            Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
            only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
            cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated
            income statement during the period in which they are incurred.
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate cost less
            estimated residual value less accumulated impairment losses over the estimated useful lives as follows:
            Land and building                                     Lease terms
            Leasehold improvements                                Five years or lease terms (if applicable)
            Right-of-use assets                                   Lease terms
            Equipment                                             Three to five years
            Motor vehicles                                        Five years
            An asset’s residual value and useful life are reviewed and adjusted if appropriate, at each reporting date.
            An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
            greater than its estimated recoverable amount, as an impairment loss.
            Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amounts and are
            recognised in the consolidated income statement.

      (f)   Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
            Financial assets at amortised cost are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
            cost, less provision for impairment. The Group holds certain debt securities with the objective to collect the
            contractual cash flows which represents solely payments of principal and interests and therefore measures them
            subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Regular way purchases or sales of debt
            securities are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
            Interest income from financial assets at amortised cost is recognised using the effective interest rate method. The
            Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with the financial assets at
            amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in
            credit risk.

      (g) Trade and Other Receivables
            Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
            provision for impairment. The Group holds the trade and other receivables with the objective to collect the
            contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
            method. The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach in assessing expected credit losses which uses a
            lifetime expected loss allowance for trade receivables. The expected credit losses on trade receivables are
            calculated using a provision matrix where a provision rate applies based on its historical observed default rates
            adjusted by current and forward-looking information.




102   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (h) Cash and Cash Equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid
          investments with original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts.

    (i)   Goodwill
          Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net
          identifiable assets of the acquired business at the date of acquisition. Goodwill on business combinations is stated
          as a separate asset. Separately recognised goodwill is tested annually for impairment and carried at cost less
          accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. Gains and losses on the disposal
          of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold. Goodwill is allocated to cash-
          generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.

    (j)   Unitholders’ Funds as a Financial Liability
          In accordance with the Trust Deed, Link is required to distribute to Unitholders not less than 90% of the Group’s
          Total Distributable Income for each financial year. The trust also has a limited life of 80 years from the date of
          establishment. Accordingly, the units contain contractual obligations of the trust to pay to its Unitholders cash
          distributions and also upon termination of the trust, a share of all net cash proceeds derived from the sale or
          realisation of the assets of the trust less any liabilities, in accordance with their proportionate interests in the trust
          at the date of the termination. The Unitholders’ funds are therefore classified as a financial liability rather than
          equity in accordance with HKAS 32: Financial Instruments: Presentation. This liability is shown on the consolidated
          statement of financial position as the net assets attributable to Unitholders. Distributions to Unitholders are
          recognised in the consolidated income statement.

    (k) Trade Payables and Provisions
          (i)    Trade Payables
                 Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
                 effective interest method.

          (ii)   Provisions
                 Provisions are recognised when there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it
                 is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of
                 the amount can be made. Where a provision is expected to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised
                 as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.
                 Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
                 obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
                 risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest
                 expense.




                                                                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      (l)   Leases
            From 1 April 2019, the Group has adopted the HKFRS 16 retrospectively and changed its accounting policy for leases
            where the Group is the lessee.
            As the Group’s non-cancellable operating leases expired within 12 months from the date of initial application of
            HKFRS 16, the Group used the practical expedient permitted by HKFRS 16 to account for these as short term leases.
            Consequently, the adoption of HKFRS 16 has not led to an adjustment to the opening consolidated statement of
            financial position.
            Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
            available for use by the group, except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases
            of low-value assets. Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease
            liabilities are the net present value of the fixed lease payments discounted using the interest rate implicit in the
            lease and subsequently stated at amortised cost.
            Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the consolidated
            income statement over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
            balance of the liability for each period.
            On the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position, right-of-use asset has been included in property, plant
            and equipment and lease liabilities have been included in accruals.

      (m) Current and Deferred Taxation
            The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated income
            statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
            equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
            The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
            reporting date in the countries where the Group’s subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management
            periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is
            subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
            to the tax authorities.
            Deferred taxation is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax
            bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
            taxation is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the reporting
            date and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax liability is
            settled.
            Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
            against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
            Deferred taxation is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, except where the
            timing of the reversal of the temporary differences is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the
            temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
            Deferred taxation arising from investment property is determined based on the expected manner as to how the
            investment properties will be recovered (through sale or through use) with the corresponding tax rate applied.




104   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (n) Interest Bearing Liabilities
        Interest bearing liabilities are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Interest bearing
        liabilities are subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
        costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the
        instrument using the effective interest method.

    (o) Convertible Bonds
        Convertible bonds with conversion right comprise a derivative component and a liability component.
        At initial recognition the derivative component of the convertible bonds is measured at fair value. Any excess of
        the proceeds over the amount initially recognised as the derivative component is recognised as the liability
        component. Transaction costs relating to the issue of the convertible bonds are allocated to the liability and
        derivative components in proportion to the allocation of proceeds. The portion of the transaction costs relating to
        the liability component is recognised initially as part of the liability component and the portion relating to the
        derivative component is recognised immediately in the consolidated income statement.
        The derivative component is subsequently remeasured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised
        immediately in the consolidated income statement. The liability component is subsequently measured at
        amortised cost. The interest expense recognised in the consolidated income statement on the liability component
        is calculated using the effective interest method.

    (p) Impairment of Non-financial Assets
        Assets that are subject to depreciation and amortisation are reviewed by the Group for impairment whenever
        events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss
        is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
        recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Non-financial assets
        other than goodwill that suffer impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting
        date.

    (q) Revenue Recognition
        (i)    Rentals from Retail and Commercial Properties
               Operating lease rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement.
               Contingent rental income (representing income over and above base rent) such as turnover rent, is
               recognised according to the terms of the lease agreements when the amount can be reliably measured, in
               the accounting period in which it is earned. Lease incentives provided, such as rent-free periods, are
               amortised on a straight-line basis and are recognised as a reduction of rental income over the respective
               term of the lease.

        (ii)   Rentals from Car Parks
               Rentals from car parks are recognised as revenue on an accrual basis.

        (iii) Service Fees and Charges
              Service fees and charges such as air conditioning income arising from the provision of services are recognised
              when such services are rendered.

        (iv) Interest Income
             Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using effective interest method.




                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      (r)   Expenditure
            Expenditures, including property related outgoings and other expenses, are recognised on an accrual basis.

      (s) Employee Benefits
            Employee benefits such as wages, salaries and bonuses are recognised as an expense when the employee has
            rendered the service.
            Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the
            estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the reporting date.
            Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave. The employer’s
            contributions to the Mandatory Provident Fund for employees are expensed as incurred.

      (t)   Employees’ Long-term Incentive Schemes
            Incentives in the form of a long-term incentive schemes are provided to eligible employees (including directors).

            Employee services rendered in exchange for the grant of the long-term incentive schemes awards are recognised
            as an expense, with a corresponding increase in the liability incurred. This expense is charged to the consolidated
            income statement over the vesting periods. Until the liability is settled, the value of the liability is re-measured at
            each reporting date and at the date of settlement, with any changes in value recognised in the consolidated
            income statement for the year. At each reporting date, estimates of the number of long-term incentive schemes
            awards that are expected to vest will be revised and the impact of the revision is recognised in the consolidated
            income statement. The carrying value of the long-term incentive schemes awards is reviewed every six months
            and is independently valued by external valuer at least annually. If the awards do not vest on the vesting dates, the
            amounts charged to the consolidated income statement will be written back.

      (u) Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
            A derivative is initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and is subsequently
            re-measured at its fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the
            derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
            At the inception of the hedging, the Group documents the economic relationship between hedging instruments
            and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking its hedge transactions.

            (i)    Cash Flow Hedge
                   Hedging relationships are classified as cash flow hedges when such relationships are used to hedge against
                   exposure to variability in cash flows that are attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised
                   asset or liability and such variability could affect profit or loss.
                   The changes in the fair value of the effective portion of derivatives that are designed and qualify as cash
                   flow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income and deferred in a cash flow hedging reserve. The
                   gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated income
                   statement.
                   Amounts accumulated in hedging reserves are transferred to the consolidated income statement in the
                   periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss. However, where the hedged item subsequently results
                   in the recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains or losses deferred in cash flow
                   hedging reserve are transferred from hedging reserve and included within the initial cost of the asset or
                   liability.




106   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (u) Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities (Continued)
        (i)    Cash Flow Hedge (Continued)
               When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria
               for hedge accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging in the cash flow
               hedging reserve at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast transaction occurs, resulting in the
               recognition of a non-financial asset such as inventory. When the forecast transaction is no longer expected
               to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in hedging reserve are immediately reclassified to the
               consolidated income statement.

        (ii)   Fair Value Hedge
               Derivatives designated as hedging instruments to hedge the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities may
               qualify as fair value hedges.
               The Group uses interest rate swap contracts to hedge its exposure to variability in fair values of recognised
               liabilities against changes in market interest rates.
               The Group uses cross currency swap contracts to hedge its exposure to variability in fair value of recognised
               foreign currency liabilities against changes in foreign currency exchange rates and market interest rates. The
               changes in fair values of the cross currency swap contracts are recognised directly in the consolidated
               income statement.
               Changes in the fair values of these derivative contracts, together with the changes in the fair values of the
               hedged liabilities attributable to the hedged risk are recognised in the consolidated income statement as
               finance costs on interest bearing liabilities. At the same time the carrying amounts of the hedged liabilities in
               the consolidated statement of financial position are adjusted for the changes in fair values.

        (iii) Hedge Ineffectiveness
              Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic
              prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged
              item and hedging instrument.
               The Group enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging instrument match exactly
               with the terms of the hedged item. The Group therefore performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness.
               If changes in circumstances affect the terms of the hedged item such that the critical terms no longer match
               exactly with the critical terms of the hedging instrument, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative method
               to assess effectiveness.
               In hedges of foreign currency purchases, ineffectiveness may arise if the timing of the forecast transaction
               changes from what was originally estimated, or if there are changes in the credit risk of the derivative
               counterparty.

    (v) Borrowing Costs
        Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
        assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
        the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other
        borrowing costs are recognised in the consolidated income statement in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4     Financial Risk Management
      (a) Financial Risk Factors
            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including interest rate risk and currency
            risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.
            Risk management is carried out by the Manager. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the
            unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial
            performance. The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swap contracts and cross
            currency swap contracts to manage financial risk.

            (i)    Market Risk
                   (A) Interest Rate Risk
                       The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through the impact of rate changes in interest bearing
                       liabilities and assets. The risks can be separated into cash flow interest rate risk and fair value interest
                       rate risk.
                         Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates will impact cash flows arising
                         from variable rate financial instruments. Borrowings at floating rates therefore expose the Group to
                         cash flow interest rate risk. The Group manages its cash flow interest rate risk by using floating-to-fixed
                         interest rate swap contracts. Such interest rate swap contracts have the economic effect of converting
                         borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates.
                         Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the values of financial liabilities will fluctuate because of
                         changes in market interest rates. The Group manages its fair value interest rate risk by entering into
                         interest rate swap contracts which have the economic effect of converting borrowings from fixed rates
                         to floating rates.
                         The effects of the interest rate swaps on the Group’s financial position and performance are as follows:

                                                                                                      2020                      2019
                                                                                                     HK$’M                     HK$’M

                           Carrying amount – (liabilities)/assets                                        (69)                          11
                           Notional amount                                                            5,400                    10,400
                           Maturity date                                                      August 2020 –               April 2019 –
                                                                                                March 2030              February 2026
                           Hedge ratio                                                                   1:1                        1:1
                           Change in fair value of outstanding hedging instruments
                             since 1 April                                                               (42)                     (157)
                           Change in value of hedged item used to determine
                             hedge effectiveness                                                         42                        157
                           Weighted average hedged rate for the year                                 0.90%                       1.17%


                         As at 31 March 2020, if interest rates on floating rate interest bearing liabilities net of floating rate
                         interest bearing assets had been 100 basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant,
                         loss for the year, before transactions with Unitholders, would have been HK$77 million higher/lower
                         (2019: profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders, would have been HK$59 million lower/
                         higher), mainly as a result of higher/lower interest expense on floating rate borrowings. As at 31 March
                         2020, if interest rates had been 100 basis points higher/lower, the hedging reserve would have been
                         HK$54/60 million (2019: HK$199/194 million) higher/lower mainly as a result of an increase/decrease in
                         the fair values of the cash flow hedges as described above.




108   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
    (a) Financial Risk Factors (Continued)
        (i)   Market Risk (Continued)
              (B) Currency Risk
                  Currency risk arises on account of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not
                  the functional currency.
                   The Group has certain investments in Mainland China, whose net assets are exposed to foreign
                   currency translation risk. This gave rise to an unrealised loss of approximately HK$1,687 million (2019:
                   HK$1,316 million) on translation of these operations’ net assets to the Group’s Hong Kong Dollar
                   reporting currency, which is reflected as a movement in reserves under the heading of exchange
                   reserve.
                   As at 31 March 2020, the Group’s has certain medium term notes and financial assets at amortised cost
                   (2019: certain medium term notes) denominated in United States Dollars. The Group uses cross currency
                   swap contracts to hedge its exposure against changes in foreign exchange rate on its medium term
                   notes. Since Hong Kong Dollars is pegged to the United States Dollars, management considers that
                   there is no significant currency risk with respect to financial assets at amortised cost.
                   As at 31 March 2020, the Hong Kong Dollars equivalent of United States Dollars medium term notes
                   stands at HK$7,918 million (2019: HK$7,481 million). The effects of the cross currency swap contracts on
                   the Group’s financial position and performance are as follows:

                                                                                                   2020                       2019
                                                                                                  HK$’M                      HK$’M

                     Carrying amount – assets/(liabilities)                                          212                          (215)
                     Notional amount                                                               7,753                          7,753
                     Maturity date                                                    September 2024 –            September 2024 –
                                                                                             July 2026                   July 2026
                     Hedge ratio                                                                      1:1                           1:1
                     Change in fair value of outstanding hedging instruments
                       since 1 April                                                                (427)                          (123)
                     Change in value of hedged item used to determine
                       hedge effectiveness                                                           427                           123
                     Weighted average hedged rate for the year                                    3.33%                       3.33%


                   As at 31 March 2020, the Group has Australian Dollars denominated cash and cash equivalents and
                   interest bearing liabilities amounted to HK$1,003 million (2019: Nil) and HK$1,003 million (2019: Nil)
                   respectively. Management considers that there is no net currency risk exposure with respect to
                   Australian Dollars.




                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4     Financial Risk Management (Continued)
      (a) Financial Risk Factors (Continued)
            (ii)   Credit Risk
                   Credit risk arises from the potential failure of the Group’s counterparties to meet their obligations under
                   financial contracts. The Group is exposed to credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents and deposits with
                   banks and financial institutions, financial assets at amortised cost, derivative financial instruments as well as
                   trade receivables.
                   Credit risk is managed on a group basis. The Group manages its deposits with banks and financial institutions
                   by limiting the level of deposits to be placed with any counterparties. Deposits placed with any individual
                   counterparty cannot exceed a pre-defined limit assigned to the individual counterparty. As at 31 March 2020,
                   all bank deposits were placed with financial institutions with external credit ratings of no less than “BBB”.
                   For financial assets at amortised cost, the Manager closely monitors the financial performance of the issuers
                   and their credit ratings to ensure that adequate impairment losses are recognised for irrecoverable debts. In
                   this regard, the Manager considers that the Group’s credit risk is low.
                   In respect of credit exposures to tenants, credit risk exposure is minimised by undertaking transactions with a
                   large number of counterparties and conducting credit reviews on prospective tenants. The Group also has
                   policies in place to ensure that rental security deposits are required from tenants prior to commencement of
                   leases. It also has other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
                   debts. In addition, the Group regularly reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade receivable to
                   ensure that adequate provision for impairment losses is made for potentially irrecoverable amounts. The
                   Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk.
                   The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the
                   consolidated statement of financial position after deducting any impairment allowance. The Group’s
                   exposure to credit risk arising from financial assets at amortised cost amounted to HK$2,746 million (2019: Nil)
                   and is set out in Note 17. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables amounted to
                   HK$210 million (2019: HK$111 million) and is set out in Note 18. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from
                   cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits amounted to HK$7,877 million (2019: HK$6,789 million) and is set
                   out in Note 19. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments amounted to
                   HK$231 million (2019: HK$42 million) and is set out in Note 25.

            (iii) Liquidity Risk
                  Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding from
                  committed credit facilities and operating cash flow.
                   The Group has cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits of HK$7,877 million (2019: HK$6,789 million) as at
                   31 March 2020. In addition to the cash resources, the Group has total available borrowing facilities amounting
                   to HK$42,896 million (2019: HK$33,875 million), of which HK$34,589 million (2019: HK$24,545 million) was
                   drawn as at 31 March 2020. The undrawn committed facilities, in the form of bank loans, totalled HK$8,307
                   million (2019: HK$9,330 million) as at 31 March 2020.




110   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
    (a) Financial Risk Factors (Continued)
        (iii) Liquidity Risk (Continued)
              The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the
              remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual maturity dates. The amounts disclosed in the table
              are the expected contractual undiscounted cash flows which comprise both interest and principal cash flows.

                                                                Less than        Between            Between                 Over
                                                                   1 year    1 and 2 years      2 and 5 years             5 years
                                                                  HK$’M            HK$’M              HK$’M               HK$’M

               At 31 March 2020
               Trade payables and accruals                          2,328                2                   –                   –
               Derivative financial instruments (net settled)          15               24                  28                  25
               Security deposits                                     585              423                  635                  139
               Convertible bonds                                       64              64                4,129                   –
               Interest bearing liabilities                        7,628             3,307               13,257            11,092
               Amount due to non-controlling interest                   –            3,956                   –                   –
               Non-controlling interest put option
                 obligation                                             –             596                    –                   –
               Retention amount for acquisition of
                 a business                                           710                –                   –                   –
               Unitholders’ funds                                       –                –                   –             159,711

               At 31 March 2019
               Trade payables and accruals                          2,300                –                   –                   –
               Derivative financial instruments (net settled)           9               19                  59                  178
               Security deposits                                     600               410                 619                  122
               Interest bearing liabilities                          4,112           3,590                7,016             15,070
               Amount due to non-controlling interest                   –                –               3,824                   –
               Non-controlling interest put option
                 obligation                                             –                –                 965                   –
               Retention amount for acquisition of
                 a business                                             –              758                   –                   –
               Unitholders’ funds                                       –                –                   –             188,739



    (b) Capital Management
        The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
        whilst seeking to maximise benefits to Unitholders.
        The Group monitors capital on a regular basis and observes the REIT Code’s maximum gearing ratio of 45%. This
        ratio is calculated as total borrowings (interest bearing liabilities and convertible bonds) divided by total asset
        value as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                                                                                                 2020                       2019
                                                                                                HK$’M                      HK$’M

         Total borrowings                                                                       34,598                      24,217

         Total asset value                                                                     207,619                    226,937

         Gearing ratio                                                                          16.7%                       10.7%




                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements     111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4     Financial Risk Management (Continued)
      (c) Fair Value Estimation
            (i)    Fair Value Hierarchy
                   HKFRS 13 requires disclosure of fair value measurement by three levels of fair value measurement hierarchy.
                   The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value:
                   Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                   Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                            either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices).
                   Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                            inputs).

                                                                       Level 1           Level 2            Level 3           Total
                                                                       HK$’M             HK$’M              HK$’M            HK$’M

                    At 31 March 2020
                    Assets
                    Investment properties                                   –                  –           193,224           193,224
                    Derivative financial instruments                        –                231                 –                  231

                    Total assets                                            –                231           193,224           193,455

                    Liabilities
                    Derivative financial instruments                        –                 88                 –                  88
                    Non-controlling interest put option
                      obligation                                            –                  –                530             530

                    Total liabilities                                       –                 88                530             618

                    At 31 March 2019
                    Assets
                    Investment properties                                   –                  –            218,496          218,496
                    Derivative financial instruments                        –                 42                 –                  42

                    Total assets                                            –                 42            218,496          218,538

                    Liabilities
                    Derivative financial instruments                        –                246                 –              246
                    Non-controlling interest put option
                      obligation                                            –                  –                790             790

                    Total liabilities                                       –                246                790            1,036


                   There were no transfers between these three levels during the year (2019: Nil).
                   There is no offsetting arrangement between the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities.
                   The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and out of fair value hierarchy levels as of the date of the
                   event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.




112   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
    (c) Fair Value Estimation (Continued)
         (ii)   Fair Value Disclosure
                The carrying values less impairment provision of trade receivables and the carrying values of trade payables,
                accruals, bank deposits and interest bearing liabilities that are expected to be recovered or settled within
                one year are a reasonable approximation of their fair values due to their short-term maturities.
                The fair values of interest bearing liabilities, liability components of convertible bonds and accruals, that are
                expected to be settled after one year are based on market prices or are estimated by using the expected
                future payments discounted at market interest rates.

5   Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements
    The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical
    accounting estimates. It also requires the Manager to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
    accounting policies.
    Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
    expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
    definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing
    a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next year are discussed below.

    (a) Investment Properties
         The fair value of each investment property is individually determined at each reporting date by independent valuer
         based on a market value assessment. The valuers have relied on the income capitalisation approach as their
         primary method, cross-referenced to the direct comparison approach where applicable. Details of the valuation
         techniques and assumptions have been disclosed in Note 15.

    (b) Financial Instruments
         In estimating the fair value of its financial instruments, the Group uses valuation techniques such as dealer quotes
         and discounted cash flows. The Group also makes assumptions that are based on market conditions existing at
         each reporting date.

    (c) Long-term Incentive Schemes Valuation
         The value of awards granted is estimated based on valuation techniques and assumptions on unit prices,
         outstanding length of the awards, distribution pay-out rates and other market conditions, which management
         considers as representing the best estimate of the value of the liability for such awards at the reporting date. The
         carrying value of the long-term incentive schemes awards is reviewed every six months and is independently
         valued by external valuer at least annually.

    (d) Non-controlling Interest Put Option Obligation
         The fair value of the non-controlling interest put option obligation is determined at each reporting date by
         independent valuer based on a market value assessment. The valuer has used discounted cash flow as the
         valuation technique. The valuation is based on various assumptions, including the estimated fair value of the equity
         interests of the non-wholly owned subsidiary at the expected time of exercise of the put option, the expected
         time of exercise itself, the cash flow and the discount rate used. Details of the valuation technique and
         assumptions have been disclosed in Note 22.




                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6     Revenue
      Revenue recognised during the year comprises:

                                                                                                      2020             2019
                                                                                                     HK$’M            HK$’M

       Rentals
       – Hong Kong retail properties                                                                  6,815            6,660
       – Hong Kong car parks                                                                          1,912            1,979
       – Mainland China retail properties                                                             1,073             646
       – Others (Note)                                                                                 443              342

                                                                                                     10,243            9,627

       Other revenue
       – Air conditioning service fees                                                                 384              348
       – Other property related revenue                                                                  91              62

                                                                                                       475               410

       Total revenue                                                                                 10,718           10,037

      Note: Others include rentals from commercial properties in Hong Kong and the Mainland China.


      Leases with tenants provide for monthly base rent and recovery of certain outgoings. Additional rents based on business
      turnover amounted to HK$114 million (2019: HK$133 million) and have been included in the rental income.




114   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




7   Segment Information

                                               Hong Kong                        Mainland
                                                    retail    Hong Kong       China retail
                                                properties      car parks      properties              Others              Total
                                                   HK$’M          HK$’M           HK$’M                HK$’M              HK$’M

     For the year ended 31 March 2020
     Revenue                                         7,222          1,917            1,101                478              10,718

     Segment results                                5,576          1,469               819                (60)              7,804
     Change in fair values of investment
       properties                                  (17,981)       (4,046)            (894)              (1,027)           (23,948)
     Interest income                                                                                                             183
     Finance costs                                                                                                              (630)
     Loss before taxation and transactions
       with Unitholders                                                                                                    (16,591)
     Taxation                                                                                                                   (712)

     Loss for the year, before transactions
       with Unitholders                                                                                                    (17,303)

     Capital expenditure                              989            207               107                505               1,808
     Depreciation                                       –              –                (1)                (74)                  (75)

     As at 31 March 2020
     Segment assets                                128,337         31,801           19,475             16,728             196,341
     Goodwill                                                                                                                   424
     Financial assets at amortised cost                                                                                     2,746
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                                            231
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              7,877

     Total assets                                                                                                         207,619

     Segment liabilities                            2,334            142              695                1,251              4,422
     Provision for taxation                                                                                                     370
     Long-term incentive schemes
       provision                                                                                                                 136
     Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                          30,688
     Convertible bonds                                                                                                      3,910
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                                            88
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                               2,871
     Other liabilities                                                                                                      5,017

     Total liabilities, excluding net assets
       attributable to Unitholders                                                                                         47,502

     Non-controlling interest                                                                                                   406

     Net assets attributable to Unitholders                                                                                159,711


    For the year ended 31 March 2020, revenue of HK$1,448 million (2019: HK$1,026 million) is attributable to external
    customers from Mainland China and HK$9,270 million (2019: HK$9,011 million) is attributable to external customers from
    Hong Kong.
    As at 31 March 2020, specified assets (which include investment properties, property, plant and equipment, and
    goodwill) of HK$25,474 million (2019: HK$28,956 million) is located in Mainland China and HK$169,563 million (2019:
    HK$190,111 million) is located in Hong Kong.


                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




7     Segment Information (Continued)

                                                     Hong Kong                     Mainland
                                                          retail   Hong Kong     China retail
                                                      properties     car parks    properties     Others     Total
                                                         HK$’M         HK$’M         HK$’M       HK$’M     HK$’M

       For the year ended 31 March 2019
       Revenue                                             7,029         1,982          668        358      10,037

       Segment results                                     5,374         1,508           498        (96)     7,284
       Change in fair values of investment
         properties                                        7,358         3,210         1,000        701     12,269
       Gains on disposals of investment
         properties                                                                                          2,761
       Interest income                                                                                         85
       Finance costs                                                                                         (598)

       Profit before taxation and transactions
         with Unitholders                                                                                   21,801
       Taxation                                                                                             (1,359)

       Profit for the year, before transactions
         with Unitholders                                                                                  20,442

       Capital expenditure                                 1,202           44         10,707      1,588     13,541
       Depreciation                                           –             –              (1)      (21)       (22)

       As at 31 March 2019
       Segment assets                                    144,741        35,132        21,493     18,307    219,673
       Goodwill                                                                                               433
       Derivative financial instruments                                                                        42
       Bank deposits                                                                                        4,095
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            2,694

       Total assets                                                                                        226,937

       Segment liabilities                                 2,337          143            643       1,213     4,336
       Provision for taxation                                                                                  321
       Long-term incentive schemes
         provision                                                                                            200
       Interest bearing liabilities                                                                         24,217
       Derivative financial instruments                                                                       246
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              3,191
       Other liabilities                                                                                     5,100

       Total liabilities, excluding net assets
         attributable to Unitholders                                                                        37,611

       Non-controlling interest                                                                               587

       Net assets attributable to Unitholders                                                              188,739




116   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




8   Property Operating Expenses

                                                                                                                       2020                            2019
                                                                                                                      HK$’M                           HK$’M

     Property managers’ fees, security and cleaning                                                                       619                            570
     Staff costs                                                                                                          461                            535
     Repair and maintenance                                                                                               226                            216
     Utilities                                                                                                            297                            274
     Government rent and rates                                                                                             313                           274
     Promotion and marketing expenses                                                                                     132                             141
     Estate common area costs                                                                                              88                             89
     Real estate taxes in Mainland China                                                                                   94                             74
     Other property operating expenses                                                                                    268                            175

                                                                                                                        2,498                          2,348



9   Finance Costs

                                                                                                                       2020                            2019
                                                                                                                      HK$’M                           HK$’M

     Interest expenses on interest bearing liabilities                                                                    813                            714
     Interest expenses on convertible bonds (Note 24)                                                                     125                              –
     Other borrowing costs (Note (i))                                                                                     162                             72

                                                                                                                        1,100                            786
     Less: capitalised under investment properties (Note (ii))                                                             (53)                         (278)

                                                                                                                        1,047                           508
     Change in fair values of derivative components of convertible bonds (Note 24)                                        (157)                            –
     Fair value (gain)/loss on non-controlling interest put option obligation (Note 22)                                  (260)                            90

                                                                                                                          630                            598

    Notes:
    (i) Other borrowing costs mainly include HK$111 million (2019: HK$96 million) interest expenses to non-controlling interest, HK$38 million (2019: HK$74
        million) net gains on interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges, HK$13 million net losses (2019: HK$14 million net gains) on cross
        currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts designated as fair value hedges and various banking and financing charges.

    (ii) Interest expenses have been capitalised under investment properties at an average interest rate of 3.3% (2019: 3.2%) per annum.




                                                                                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements          117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




10 (Loss)/Profit Before Taxation and Transactions With Unitholders
      (Loss)/profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders for the year is stated after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                       2020                           2019
                                                                                                                      HK$’M                          HK$’M

       Staff costs (Note 11)                                                                                              689                           830
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                       75                            22
       Trustee’s fee                                                                                                       23                            20
       Valuation fee                                                                                                        4                             5
       Auditor’s remuneration
          Audit and audit-related assurance services                                                                       10                             8
          Acquisition related professional fees                                                                             2                             2
          Others                                                                                                             1                            –
       Total auditor’s remuneration                                                                                        13                            10
       Bank charges                                                                                                         6                             5
       Commission to property agents                                                                                       10                           134
       Donations                                                                                                           14                             13
       Exchange gain                                                                                                      (48)                          (49)
       Short-term lease expenses                                                                                           13                             –
       Operating lease charges                                                                                              –                            36
       Other legal and professional fees                                                                                   31                            36



11    Staff Costs

                                                                                                                       2020                           2019
                                                                                                                      HK$’M                          HK$’M

       Wages and salaries                                                                                                 723                           715
       Contributions to mandatory provident fund scheme (Note (i))                                                         14                            14
       Long-term incentive schemes awards                                                                                  25                           174

                                                                                                                          762                           903
       Less: capitalised under investment properties                                                                      (73)                          (73)

       Staff costs (Note 10)                                                                                              689                           830

      Note:
      (i) The Group operates a pension scheme – Mandatory Provident Fund. The scheme is a defined contribution plan funded through payments to
          trustee-administered funds. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the employer pays fixed contributions into a separate entity
          (a fund). The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.




118   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




12   Taxation
     Hong Kong profits tax has been provided for at the rate of 16.5% (2019: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profit for the
     year. Corporate income tax in Mainland China has been provided for at the applicable rate on the estimated assessable
     profit for the year.

     The amount of taxation charged/(credited) to the consolidated income statement represents:

                                                                                                             2020                       2019
                                                                                                            HK$’M                      HK$’M

      Current taxation
      – Hong Kong                                                                                              814                           850
      – Mainland China                                                                                         174                            171


      Deferred taxation                                                                                       (276)                          338

      Taxation                                                                                                 712                          1,359


     The differences between the Group’s expected tax charge, using the Hong Kong profits tax rate, and the Group’s
     taxation for the year were as follows:

                                                                                                             2020                       2019
                                                                                                            HK$’M                      HK$’M

      (Loss)/profit before taxation                                                                         (16,591)                    21,801

      Expected tax calculated at the Hong Kong profits tax rate of 16.5% (2019: 16.5%)                      (2,738)                         3,597
      Tax effect of different taxation rates                                                                   (86)                          140
      Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                  3,664                            26
      Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                                         (92)                     (2,358)
      Tax effect of other temporary differences                                                                (59)                           (71)
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax loss                                                           (10)                           (2)
      Withholding tax on unremitted earnings of subsidiaries                                                    33                            27

      Taxation                                                                                                 712                          1,359




                                                                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13    (Loss)/Earnings Per Unit Based Upon (Loss)/Profit for the Year, Before Transactions With
      Unitholders Attributable to Unitholders

                                                                                                       2020                  2019

       (Loss)/profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to
         Unitholders                                                                      (HK$17,122 million)    HK$20,329 million

       Weighted average number of units for the year for calculating basic
        (loss)/earnings per unit                                                              2,096,244,109          2,125,852,061
       Adjustment for dilutive contingently issuable units
         under long-term incentive schemes                                                                –                482,173
       Weighted average number of units for the year for calculating diluted
        (loss)/earnings per unit                                                              2,096,244,109          2,126,334,234

       Basic (loss)/earnings per unit                                                              (HK$8.17)              HK$9.56

       Diluted (loss)/earnings per unit                                                            (HK$8.17)              HK$9.56


      The convertible bonds issued on 3 April 2019 have an anti-dilutive effect on the basic loss per unit for the year ended 31
      March 2020, thus the diluted loss per unit is equivalent to the basic loss per unit.

14 Goodwill

                                                                                                      2020                  2019
                                                                                                     HK$’M                 HK$’M

       At 1 April                                                                                       433                   416
       Exchange adjustments                                                                               (9)                  (13)
       Acquisition of business                                                                            –                    43
       Disposals                                                                                          –                    (13)
       At 31 March                                                                                      424                   433




120   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




15   Investment Properties
     (a) Details of the Movements of Investment Properties are as follows:

                                                                        Completed         Property under
                                                                        properties          development                   Total
                                                                           HK$’M                  HK$’M                  HK$’M

          At 1 April 2019                                                  207,948                 10,548                218,496
          Exchange adjustments (Note (e))                                    (1,791)                    –                  (1,791)
          Additions                                                          1,029                    554                  1,583
          Transfer to property, plant and equipment (Note (g))                    –                 (1,116)                (1,116)
          Transfer to completed properties                                   9,986                 (9,986)                     –
          Change in fair values                                            (23,948)                     –                (23,948)
          At 31 March 2020                                                 193,224                      –                193,224


          At 1 April 2018                                                   194,358                  8,733               203,091
          Exchange adjustments (Note (e))                                    (1,270)                    –                  (1,270)
          Acquisition of business                                            10,663                     –                 10,663
          Additions                                                            1,311                 1,522                 2,833
          Disposals                                                          (9,090)                    –                 (9,090)
          Change in fair values                                              11,976                   293                  12,269
          At 31 March 2019                                                 207,948                 10,548                218,496


     (b) Valuation Process
         The investment properties were revalued on a market value basis by Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited
         (the “Principal Valuer”), an independent firm of professional qualified valuers, which was newly appointed as the
         Principal Valuer of Link for property valuation as at 31 March 2020. The independent property valuation as at
         31 March 2019 was performed by Jones Lang LaSalle Limited.
         The Manager held discussions with the Principal Valuer and reviewed all significant inputs used by the Principal
         Valuer. Discussions of the valuation processes and results at each reporting date are held between the Manager
         and the Principal Valuer.




                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




15    Investment Properties (Continued)
      (c) Valuation Techniques
            As at 31 March 2020, the Principal Valuer has relied on the income capitalisation approach as the primary approach
            with cross-referenced to the direct comparison approach (2019: income capitalisation approach, discounted cash
            flow analysis and residual approach as the primary approaches, cross-referenced to the direct comparison
            approach). The use of income capitalisation approach is in line with market practice of property valuation for
            income-producing commercial assets which are the main asset class of Link and is in compliant with the Trust
            Deed.
            The income capitalisation approach is based on the capitalisation of the current passing rental income and
            potential reversionary income of the property from the date of valuation at appropriate investment yields to arrive
            at the capital value. The appropriate adjustments/deductions for rent-free period, ongoing vacancy voids/
            marketing periods and non-recoverable expenses for the vacant space have been allowed.
            The discounted cash flow analysis requires periodic net cash flows to be forecasted over the life of the investment
            and discounted at a risk-adjusted opportunity cost of capital to arrive at a present value. The discounted cash flow
            analysis takes into consideration the yearly net cash flows after deductions for expenditure, and having regard to
            the assumptions made relating to rental growth projections, vacancies, rent frees, replacement reserve, non-
            recoverable outgoings and leasing costs. The discounted cash flow analysis incorporates an assumed 10-year
            holding period and the reversionary value in year eleven, discounted by an appropriate discount rate to derive at a
            net present value.
            The residual valuation method involves firstly the assessment of gross development value, which is the value of
            the proposed development, as if completed, at the date of valuation. Estimated outstanding cost of the
            development including costs of construction, professional fee, finance costs and associated costs, plus an
            allowance for developer’s risk and profit are deducted from the gross development value. The resultant figure is
            the residual value.




122   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




15   Investment Properties (Continued)
     (c) Valuation Techniques (Continued)
           The three valuation techniques are summarised in the below table with their respective significant unobservable
           inputs.

                                                                                                   Relationship of significant
                                                    Significant unobservable inputs                unobservable inputs to fair value

            Income capitalisation approach
            Completed properties – retail and       i) Capitalisation rate (Blended):              The higher the capitalisation rate, the lower
              commercial properties and car parks        3.01% – 5.10% (2019: 3.00% – 4.75%)         the fair value.


                                                    ii) Net passing income per annum:              The higher the net passing income, the
                                                          HK$0.6M – HK$351.8M                        higher the fair value.
                                                          (2019: HK$0.6M – HK$360.4M)


            Discounted cash flow analysis
            Completed properties – retail and       i) Discount rate: Not applicable               The higher the discount rate, the lower the
              commercial properties and car parks        (2019: 7.25% – 8.50%)                       fair value.
              (applicable for 31 March 2019 only)


                                                    ii) Net passing income per annum:              The higher the net passing income, the
                                                          Not applicable                             higher the fair value.
                                                          (2019: HK$0.6M – HK$360.4M)


            Residual approach
            Property under development              Estimated development costs and                The higher the estimated development
              (applicable for 31 March 2019 only)     allowance for developer’s risk and profit      costs and allowance for developer’s risk
                                                                                                     and profit, the lower the fair value.


           The investment properties are included in Level 3 (2019: Level 3) of the fair value hierarchy.

     (d) Restriction of the REIT Code
           Link acquired 77 Hoi Bun Road in Kowloon East for commercial development, Beijing Jingtong Roosevelt Plaza in
           Beijing and CentralWalk in Shenzhen, the completion of which were on 23 February 2015, 23 January 2019 and 14
           March 2019 respectively, while the commercial development at 77 Hoi Bun Road, now known as The Quayside, was
           completed during the year. In accordance with the REIT Code, Link is prohibited from disposing of its properties for
           at least two years from either the time such properties are acquired or the dates of the completion of the
           development of the properties, unless the Unitholders approved the proposed disposal by way of special
           resolution passed in accordance with the Trust Deed.

     (e) Exchange Adjustments
           The exchange loss on translation is attributable to the Group’s investment properties in Mainland China as a result
           of the depreciation of Renminbi. This amount is included in exchange reserve as set out in Note 28.

     (f)   Security for the Group’s Loan Facilities
           As at 31 March 2020, certain of the Group’s investment properties in Mainland China, amounting to approximately
           HK$10,026 million (2019: HK$10,701 million), were pledged to secure Group’s loan facilities of HK$2,177 million (2019:
           HK$2,580 million).

     (g) Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment
           During the year, the Group has occupied two floors of The Quayside for self-used office. The value of which was
           transferred from investment properties to property, plant and equipment.

                                                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements     123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




16 Property, Plant and Equipment

                                                                Land,
                                                         building and
                                                            leasehold      Right-of-use      Motor
                                                       improvements              assets    vehicles       Equipment      Total
                                                               HK$’M            HK$’M       HK$’M             HK$’M     HK$’M

       At 1 April 2019                                               15              –           2              121         138
       Additions                                                   164               9            1              51         225
       Transfer from investment properties                        1,116              –           –                –        1,116
       Disposals                                                     (1)             –           –              (14)        (15)
       Depreciation charge for the year                            (40)              (2)         (1)            (32)        (75)

       At 31 March 2020                                           1,254              7           2              126       1,389

       At 31 March 2020
       Cost                                                       1,316              9           7              213       1,545
       Accumulated depreciation                                    (62)              (2)         (5)            (87)       (156)

       Net book value                                             1,254              7           2              126       1,389


       At 1 April 2018                                               12              –           2               101         115
       Additions                                                     6               –            1              38          45
       Depreciation charge for the year                              (3)             –           (1)             (18)       (22)

       At 31 March 2019                                              15              –           2               121        138

       At 31 March 2019
       Cost                                                         80               –           6              255         341
       Accumulated depreciation                                    (65)              –           (4)            (134)      (203)

       Net book value                                                15              –           2               121        138


17    Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
      Financial assets at amortised cost include the following debt investments:

                                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                                       HK$’M             HK$’M

       Listed corporate bonds                                                                           2,716                    –
       Unlisted corporate bonds                                                                           30                     –

                                                                                                        2,746                    –


      During the year, the Group has interest income arising from financial assets at amortised cost amounted to HK$68 million
      (2019: Nil). The carrying amounts of the financial assets at amortised cost are expected to be recovered after one year.




124   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




18 Trade and Other Receivables

                                                                                                 2020                       2019
                                                                                                HK$’M                      HK$’M

    Trade receivables                                                                              270                          117
    Less: provision for impairment of trade receivables                                            (60)                          (6)

    Trade receivables – net                                                                        210                           111
    Other receivables                                                                             1,021                         822

                                                                                                  1,231                         933


   The carrying amounts of these receivables approximate their fair values and are expected to be mostly recovered within
   one year.
   There are no specific credit terms given to the tenants. The net trade receivables are generally fully covered by the
   rental deposits/bank guarantees from corresponding tenants.

   The ageing of trade receivables, presented based on the due date, is as follows:

                                                                                                 2020                       2019
                                                                                                HK$’M                      HK$’M

    0–30 days                                                                                      187                          105
    31–90 days                                                                                      66                            7
    Over 90 days                                                                                    17                            5

                                                                                                   270                          117


   Monthly rentals in respect of retail and commercial properties are payable in advance by tenants in accordance with the
   leases while daily gross receipts from car parks are received from the car park operators in arrears. Included in the net
   trade receivables of HK$210 million (2019: HK$111 million) presented above were HK$52 million (2019: HK$60 million) of
   accrued car park income and HK$9 million (2019: HK$23 million) of accrued turnover rent, which were not yet due as at 31
   March 2020.

   Movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                 2020                       2019
                                                                                                HK$’M                      HK$’M

    At 1 April                                                                                       6                            6
    Provision for impairment of trade receivables                                                   55                            4
    Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible                                         (1)                         (4)

    At 31 March                                                                                     60                            6


   The creation and release of provision for impairment of trade receivables have been included in property operating
   expenses in the consolidated income statement. Amounts charged to the provision account will be written off when
   there is no expectation of recovering additional cash.
   The other classes of receivables included in the trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.
   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of trade receivables.




                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements    125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




19 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Bank Deposits

                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                                 HK$’M         HK$’M

       Cash at bank                                                                                  6,317      1,955
       Bank deposits with original maturity of less than three months                                1,560        739
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     7,877      2,694
       Bank deposits with original maturity of more than three months                                    –      4,095

                                                                                                     7,877      6,789



20 Deferred Tax Liabilities
      Deferred taxation is calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method.
      Analysis of net deferred tax liabilities as follows:

                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                                 HK$’M         HK$’M

       Deferred tax assets                                                                             (115)      (93)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      2,986      3,284

                                                                                                     2,871       3,191


      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be recoverable and settled after one year.
      The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year were as follows:

                                                                   Investment properties
                                                                         revaluation and
                                                                             accelerated
                                                                  depreciation allowance         Others         Total
                                                                                   HK$’M         HK$’M         HK$’M

       At 1 April 2019                                                             3,204                (13)    3,191
       Exchange adjustments                                                          (38)               (6)       (44)
       Recognised in the consolidated income statement                              (287)                11      (276)

       At 31 March 2020                                                            2,879                (8)     2,871

       At 1 April 2018                                                             2,909                (16)    2,893
       Exchange adjustments                                                          (35)                (5)      (40)
       Recognised in the consolidated income statement                              330                  8        338

       At 31 March 2019                                                            3,204                (13)     3,191




126   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




21   Long-term Incentive Schemes Provision

                                                                                                   2020                       2019
                                                                                                  HK$’M                      HK$’M

      Long-term incentive schemes provision
        – expected to be settled within one year                                                      81                          102
        – expected to be settled after one year                                                       55                           98

                                                                                                     136                          200



     2007 LTI Plan
     A long-term incentive plan (the “2007 LTI Plan”) was adopted on 23 July 2007 and expired on 22 July 2017 after being in
     operation for 10 years. After its expiry, no further awards shall be granted under the 2007 LTI Plan. Nonetheless, awards
     granted and accepted prior to its expiry but yet to vest shall continue to have effect and be governed by the rules of
     the 2007 LTI Plan.
     Under the 2007 LTI Plan, the Manager might grant three types of awards – restricted unit award, unit option and
     conditional cash award – to directors and key employees of the Manager. No unit option has ever been granted under
     2007 LTI Plan since its adoption up till expiry.
     For those restricted unit awards granted with performance goals, the eventual numbers of new units to be issued to the
     relevant grantees on vesting are linked to the performance of Link in terms of total Unitholders return (“TUR”) and net
     property income (“NPI”) or certain vesting conditions. Conditional cash awards are granted in conjunction with restricted
     unit awards, bestowing upon each grantee a conditional right to receive a cash payment representing an amount
     equivalent to the aggregate of the distributions during the vesting period.
     During the year, the Group issued 477,632 units (2019: 1,407,782 units) for restricted unit awards which have vested in
     accordance with the 2007 LTI Plan.

     2017 LTI Scheme
     On 10 July 2017, Link adopted a new long-term incentive scheme (the “2017 LTI Scheme”). Under the 2017 LTI Scheme,
     the Manager may grant restricted unit awards and conditional cash awards to directors of the Manager and key
     employees of the Group.
     During the year, certain directors and employees of the Manager were granted restricted unit awards and conditional
     cash awards at nil monetary consideration under the 2017 LTI Scheme. The restricted unit awards granted under the 2017
     LTI Scheme, in general, will vest approximately two to three years from the date of grant. Under the 2017 LTI Scheme,
     units will be purchased in the grantees’ favour from open stock market to satisfy restricted units awards vested. For
     those restricted unit awards granted with performance goals, the eventual numbers of units to be purchased in each
     grantee’s favour upon vesting are linked to the performance of Link based on the TUR, NPI or certain vesting conditions.
     Conditional cash awards were also granted in conjunction with the restricted unit awards, bestowing upon each grantee
     a conditional right to receive a cash payment representing an amount equivalent to the aggregate of the distributions
     during the vesting period.
     During the year, the Group purchased 366,239 units (2019: 8,000 units) from the market for restricted units awards which
     have vested in accordance with the 2017 LTI plan.




                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements    127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




21    Long-term Incentive Schemes Provision (Continued)
      During the vesting period, a liability is recognised representing the estimated value of the awards granted under both
      the 2007 LTI Plan and the 2017 LTI Scheme and the portion of the vesting period expired as at the reporting date. The
      value of the awards was estimated at the reporting date by Towers Watson Hong Kong Limited, an independent
      external valuer based on valuation techniques and assumptions on unit prices, outstanding length of the awards,
      distribution pay-out rates and other market conditions, if appropriate. The change in value of the outstanding awards
      was charged to the consolidated income statement. In the event that the vesting conditions are not met, the amount
      previously accrued will be written back accordingly.

      Movements in the number of restricted unit award during the year and the maximum number of units to be vested upon
      vesting of restricted unit award are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                               Maximum
                                                                     Outstanding     Granted      Vested          Cancelled     Lapsed       Outstanding            to be
                                                                             as at     during      during            during      during              as at     vested on
       Date of grant              Vesting period                      1 April 2019   the year    the year(i)       the year    the year     31 March 2020    vesting date(ii)

       2007 LTI Plan
       14 November 2016           14 November 2016 to 30 June 2019        399,236           –    (341,937)               –      (57,299)                –                –

       2007 LTI Plan subtotal                                             399,236           –    (341,937)               –      (57,299)                –                –

       2017 LTI Scheme
       14 July 2017               14 July 2017 to 30 June 2019            380,679           –    (264,560)           (7,000)   (109,119)                –                –


                                  14 July 2017 to 30 June 2020            380,365           –             –              –      (75,054)           305,311         661,131


       4 July 2018                4 July 2018 to 30 June 2020             566,500           –             –              –      (121,312)         445,188         989,845


                                  4 July 2018 to 30 June 2021             566,500           –             –              –     (123,379)          443,121         984,988


       5 July 2019                5 July 2019 to 30 June 2021                   –     597,249             –              –     (100,566)          496,683        1,123,753


                                  5 July 2019 to 30 June 2022                   –     597,248             –              –     (100,566)          496,682        1,123,752

       2017 LTI Scheme subtotal                                         1,894,044    1,194,497   (264,560)           (7,000)   (629,996)        2,186,985       4,883,469

       Subtotal                                                         2,293,280    1,194,497   (606,497)           (7,000)   (687,295)        2,186,985       4,883,469
       Additional units vested over 100% of restricted unit award
         granted                                                                –           –    (237,374)(iii)          –            –                 –                –

       2019/2020 total                                                  2,293,280    1,194,497   (843,871)           (7,000)   (687,295)        2,186,985       4,883,469
       2018/2019 total                                                   2,051,130   1,159,000   (1,415,782)         (4,500)   (106,549)         2,293,280      4,964,094

      Notes:
      (i) Restricted unit award vesting percentages during the year ranged from 54% to 200%.
      (ii) If certain vesting conditions are met.
      (iii) Additional units over 100% of restricted unit award granted were vested pursuant to the relevant vesting conditions.




128   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




22 Other Liabilities

                                                                                                                       2020                           2019
                                                                                                                      HK$’M                          HK$’M

     Amount due to non-controlling interest                                                                             3,777                         3,552
     Non-controlling interest put option obligation                                                                      530                            790
     Retention amount for acquisition of a business                                                                       710                           758

                                                                                                                        5,017                         5,100

    Notes:
    (i) On 23 February 2015, the Group through a non-wholly owned subsidiary (the “Project Company”, in which Link has an indirect 60% interest and Nan
        Fung Development Limited (“Nan Fung”) has an indirect 40% interest) acquired 77 Hoi Bun Road in Kowloon East for commercial development. For
        the purpose of funding the commercial development, Nan Fung, a non-controlling interest of the Project Company has contributed cash in
        proportion to the shareholding ratio to the Project Company. The amount due to non-controlling interest is unsecured, interest bearing at an
        effective interest rate of 3.3% (2019: 3.2%), has no fixed repayment term and is not repayable within one year. Such amount including any accrued
        interest will be repaid from the Project Company’s surplus cash after meeting its payment obligations.
    (ii) Pursuant to the shareholders’ agreement, Nan Fung has a right to exercise a put option to require Link to purchase all the issued shares Nan Fung
         holds in the Project Company at the then fair market value, after the second anniversary of the completion of the commercial property
         development and certain conditions have been satisfied. The non-controlling interest put option obligation was recognised as a financial liability
         based on a valuation performed by Crowe Horwath First Trust Appraisal Pte Ltd, an independent firm of professional qualified valuers. The valuer has
         used discounted cash flow as the valuation technique. The valuation is based on various assumptions and calculated by reference to a number of
         unobservable inputs, including the estimated fair value of the equity interests of the Project Company at the expected time of exercise of the put
         option, the expected time of exercise itself, the cash flow and the discount rate used. The Manager held discussions with the valuer and reviewed
         all significant inputs used. Discussions of the valuation processes and results at each reporting date are held between the Manager and the valuer.
         Fair value of the put option obligation is included in Level 3 (2019: Level 3) of the fair value hierarchy. If the estimated fair value of the equity
         interests of the Project Company at the time of exercise is higher, the fair value of the put option obligation would also be higher. If the expected
         time of exercise is later or if the discount rate is higher, then the fair value of the put option obligation would be lower.
    (iii) Pursuant to the Framework Agreement dated 20 February 2019 in relation to the acquisition of entire issued share capital of 保怡物業管理(深圳)有
          限公司 (Baoyi Property Management (Shenzhen) Company Limited), a retention amount of RMB650 million (equivalent to approximately HK$710
          million) shall be retained by the Group, and shall be paid by the Group to the seller on or before the second anniversary of the transaction
          completion date.


    The movement of non-controlling interest put option obligation during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                                       2020                           2019
                                                                                                                      HK$’M                          HK$’M

     At 1 April                                                                                                          790                            700
     Recognised in the consolidated income statement:
        – Fair value (gain)/loss (Note 9)                                                                               (260)                            90

     At 31 March                                                                                                         530                            790




                                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements          129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




23 Interest Bearing Liabilities

                                                                                               2020     2019
                                                                                              HK$’M    HK$’M

       Unsecured bank borrowings                                                              12,737    6,732
       Secured bank borrowings                                                                 2,177   2,580
       Medium term notes                                                                      15,774   14,905

                                                                                              30,688   24,217


      The carrying amount of interest bearing liabilities are expected to be settled below:

                                                                                               2020     2019
                                                                                              HK$’M    HK$’M

       Due in the first year
          Unsecured bank borrowings                                                             499     1,998
          Secured bank borrowings                                                                88       63
          Medium term notes                                                                     350     1,306

                                                                                                937     3,367

       Due in the second year
          Unsecured bank borrowings                                                            3,962    2,491
          Secured bank borrowings                                                                114      93
          Medium term notes                                                                    1,439     350

                                                                                               5,515   2,934

       Due in the third year
          Unsecured bank borrowings                                                             298     1,030
          Secured bank borrowings                                                                141     128
          Medium term notes                                                                    1,227    1,438

                                                                                               1,666   2,596

       Due in the fourth year
          Unsecured bank borrowings                                                            6,975     797
          Secured bank borrowings                                                                158     160
          Medium term notes                                                                       –     1,226

                                                                                               7,133    2,183

       Due in the fifth year
          Unsecured bank borrowings                                                            1,003     416
          Secured bank borrowings                                                                161      175
          Medium term notes                                                                    4,715       –

                                                                                               5,879     591

       Due beyond the fifth year
         Secured bank borrowings                                                               1,515    1,961
         Medium term notes                                                                     8,043   10,585

                                                                                               9,558   12,546

                                                                                              30,688   24,217




130   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




23 Interest Bearing Liabilities (Continued)
    Notes:
    (i) Except for medium term notes of HK$7,918 million (2019: HK$7,481 million) which are denominated in United States Dollars and bank borrowings of
        HK$2,177 million (2019: HK$2,580 million) and HK$1,003 million (2019: Nil) which are denominated in Renminbi and Australian Dollars respectively, all
        the other interest bearing liabilities are denominated in Hong Kong Dollars.
    (ii) All of Link’s borrowings denominated in United States Dollars are fully hedged into Hong Kong Dollars.
    (iii) The effective interest rate of the interest bearing liabilities which are denominated in Hong Kong Dollars and United States Dollars (taking into
          account cross currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts) at the reporting date was 2.94% (2019: 3.12%) and that of the interest
          bearing liabilities which are denominated in Renminbi and Australian Dollars were 5.58% (2019: 5.71%) and 1.43% (2019: N/A) respectively.


24 Convertible Bonds
    On 3 April 2019, the Group issued HK$4 billion convertible bonds at 1.6% per annum due 2024. These bonds are
    convertible into new Link units at an initial conversion price of HK$109.39 per unit at the option of the bondholder. Link
    has the option to redeem the bonds if the closing price of the units is 130% or above the initial conversion price while
    bondholders have the right to require Link to redeem all or some only of the bonds on 3 April 2022. The convertible
    bonds are unsecured. The effective interest rate of the convertible bonds at the reporting date was 3.12%.

                                                                                                                                                       HK$’M

     Liability components
     At 1 April 2019                                                                                                                                            –
     Issuance of convertible bonds                                                                                                                       3,817
     Finance costs (Note 9)                                                                                                                                   125
     Interest expenses paid                                                                                                                                   (32)
     At 31 March 2020                                                                                                                                    3,910

     Derivative components
     At 1 April 2019                                                                                                                                            –
     Issuance of convertible bonds                                                                                                                            157
     Change in fair value (Note 9)                                                                                                                            (157)
     At 31 March 2020                                                                                                                                           –

                                                                                                                                                         3,910




                                                                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements              131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




25 Derivative Financial Instruments

                                                                                                                             2020                            2019
                                                                                                                            HK$’M                           HK$’M

       Derivative assets
       Designated as cash flow hedge
          – interest rate swap contracts                                                                                          –                              15
       Designated as fair value hedge
          – cross currency swap contract                                                                                        212                              21
          – interest rate swap contracts                                                                                         19                               6

                                                                                                                                231                             42

       Derivative liabilities
       Designated as cash flow hedge
          – interest rate swap contracts                                                                                       (88)                              (7)
       Designated as fair value hedge
          – cross currency swap contracts                                                                                         –                           (236)
          – interest rate swap contracts                                                                                          –                              (3)

                                                                                                                               (88)                           (246)

       Net derivative assets/(liabilities)                                                                                      143                           (204)

      Notes:
      (i) The fair values of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market are determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation
          techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant
          inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
      (ii) The fair values of cross currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts are calculated by reference to the present values of the estimated
           future cash flows, taking into account market observable yield curves and forward exchange rates at each reporting date. Cross currency swap
           contracts and interest rate swap contracts are included in Level 2 (2019: Level 2) of the fair value hierarchy.


      The carrying amounts of net derivative assets/(liabilities) are expected to be settled as below:

                                                                                                                             2020                            2019
                                                                                                                            HK$’M                           HK$’M

       Within one year                                                                                                           (2)                              6
       After one year                                                                                                           145                            (210)

                                                                                                                                143                           (204)




132   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




25 Derivative Financial Instruments (Continued)
    The Group uses cross currency swap contracts (swapping from foreign currencies to Hong Kong Dollars) and interest
    rate swap contracts to minimise its exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates in
    relation to its interest bearing liabilities. Any change in fair values of the effective portion of the cash flow hedges in
    relation to interest rate swap contracts is recognised in the hedging reserve. Any change in fair values of the fair value
    hedges in relation to interest rate swap contracts and any change in fair value of cross currency swap contracts are
    recognised directly in the consolidated income statement. A net amount of HK$96 million (2019: HK$236 million) had
    been debited to the hedging reserve during the year as further set out in Note 28.
    As at 31 March 2020, the derivative financial instruments qualifying as cash flow hedges have, in effect, provided the
    Group with an average fixed interest rate period of 6.50 years on HK$3,000 million borrowings (2019: 3.59 years on
    HK$6,000 million borrowings) from the reporting date. The notional principal amount and the weighted average fixed
    interest rate of the outstanding floating rates to fixed rates interest rate swap contracts as at 31 March 2020 were
    HK$3,000 million (2019: HK$6,000 million) and 1.58% (2019: 1.82%) respectively. The notional principal amount of the
    outstanding floating rates to floating rates interest rate swap contracts as at 31 March 2020 was HK$2,000 million (2019:
    HK$3,000 million).
    As at 31 March 2020, the derivative financial instruments qualifying as fair value hedges have, in effect, converted part of
    the Group borrowings into Hong Kong Dollars fixed rate and floating rates interest bearing liabilities. The notional
    principal amounts of the outstanding cross currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts qualifying as fair
    value hedges as at 31 March 2020 were HK$7,753 million (2019: HK$7,753 million) and HK$1,400 million (2019: HK$1,400 million)
    respectively.
    Gains and losses on interest rate swap contracts recognised in the hedging reserve (Note 28) as at 31 March 2020 will be
    released to the consolidated income statement.
    As at 31 March 2020, the Group has outstanding forward contracts of selling Renminbi 594 million (2019: Renminbi 702 million)
    against Hong Kong Dollars. These forward contracts were entered for the purpose of locking in part of the Group’s
    future Renminbi denominated net income in Mainland China in Hong Kong Dollars term, and not designed for hedge
    accounting.

    The Group’s hedging reserves disclosed in Note 28 relate to the following hedging instruments:

                                                                                           Interest rate swaps
                                                                                                designated as
                                                                                              cash flow hedge            Hedging reserve
                                                                                                        HK$’M                     HK$’M

     At 1 April 2019                                                                                         8                            8
     Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised
       in other comprehensive income                                                                       (58)                         (58)
     Reclassified from other comprehensive income to consolidated income statement                         (38)                         (38)
     At 31 March 2020                                                                                      (88)                         (88)

     At 1 April 2018                                                                                       244                          244
     Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised
       in other comprehensive income                                                                       (162)                        (162)
     Reclassified from other comprehensive income to consolidated income statement                         (74)                         (74)

     At 31 March 2019                                                                                        8                            8




                                                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements     133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




26 Trade Payables, Receipts in Advance and Accruals

                                                                                                    2020                      2019
                                                                                                   HK$’M                     HK$’M

       Trade payables                                                                                  80                       192
       Receipts in advance                                                                            310                       285
       Accruals                                                                                     2,250                     2,108

                                                                                                    2,640                     2,585


      The carrying amounts of these payables approximate their fair values and are expected to be settled as below:

                                                                                                    2020                      2019
                                                                                                   HK$’M                     HK$’M

       Within one year                                                                              2,638                     2,585
       After one year                                                                                   2                         –
                                                                                                    2,640                     2,585


      The ageing of trade payables, presented based on the due date, is as follows:

                                                                                                    2020                      2019
                                                                                                   HK$’M                     HK$’M

       0–30 days                                                                                       55                       178
       31–90 days                                                                                       13                        9
       Over 90 days                                                                                     12                        5

                                                                                                       80                       192



27 Units in Issue

                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                          Number of units          Number of units

       At 1 April                                                                            2,109,321,254            2,150,058,972
       Units bought back for cancellation                                                     (51,900,500)              (42,145,500)
       Units issued under the 2007 LTI Plan                                                       477,632                 1,407,782

       At 31 March                                                                          2,057,898,386              2,109,321,254


      Pursuant to the general mandate granted to the Manager by the Unitholders, the Manager (on behalf of Link) bought
      back a total of 51,900,500 units (2019: 42,145,500 units) at an aggregate price of HK$4,240 million (2019: HK$3,216 million).
      All units bought back were cancelled during the year.
      Closing price of the units as at 31 March 2020 was HK$65.70 (2019: HK$91.80) per unit. Based on 2,057,898,386 units in
      issue as at 31 March 2020 (2019: 2,109,321,254 units), market capitalisation was HK$135,204 million (2019: HK$193,636
      million).




134   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28 Reserves

                                                                                                                         Earnings
                                                                                                                      retained for
                                                                                                                    exchange and
                                                                                                                        cash flow
                                                                 Other           Hedging             Exchange               hedge
                                                               reserve            reserve              reserve       adjustments        Total reserves
                                                                HK$’M              HK$’M                HK$’M              HK$’M                HK$’M

    At 1 April 2019                                               (580)                  8                 (384)              376                 (580)

    Cash flow hedges:
       – Change in fair values                                        –                (58)                   –                  –                 (58)
     – Amount transferred to the consolidated
        income statement (Note (i))                                   –                (38)                   –                  –                 (38)

                                                                      –                (96)                   –                  –                 (96)

    Exchange loss on translation of financial
      statements                                                      –                  –               (1,687)                 –              (1,687)

    Net assets attributable to Unitholders:
     – Amount arising from exchange reserve
        and cash flow hedging reserve
       movements (Note (ii))                                          –                  –                    –              1,783               1,783

    At 31 March 2020                                              (580)                (88)              (2,071)             2,159                (580)

    At 1 April 2018                                               (580)                244                  932              (1,176)              (580)

    Cash flow hedges:
       – Change in fair values                                        –                (162)                  –                  –                 (162)
     – Amount transferred to the consolidated
        income statement (Note (i))                                   –                (74)                   –                  –                 (74)

                                                                      –               (236)                   –                  –                (236)

    Exchange loss on translation of financial
      statements                                                      –                  –                (1,316)                –               (1,316)

    Net assets attributable to Unitholders:
     – Amount arising from exchange reserve
        and cash flow hedging reserve
       movements (Note (ii))                                          –                  –                    –              1,552                1,552

    At 31 March 2019                                              (580)                  8                 (384)               376                (580)

   Notes:
   (i) Amount transferred to the consolidated income statement in respect of cash flow hedges was included in “Finance costs” (Note 9).
   (ii) The amount represented earnings retained for the year to offset the exchange reserve and cash flow hedging reserve movements.




                                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29 Note to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      (a) Net Cash Generated from Operating Activities
                                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                                            HK$’M                 HK$’M

              (Loss)/profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders                               (16,591)               21,801
              Long-term incentive schemes awards                                                                   25                 174
              Depreciation charge                                                                                  75                  22
              Gains on disposals of investment properties                                                           –              (2,761)
              Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                    15                   –
              Interest income                                                                                    (183)                (85)
              Finance costs                                                                                      630                 598
              Exchange difference                                                                                 (48)                (49)
              Change in fair values of investment properties                                                23,948                (12,269)
              Increase in trade and other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                  (300)                (90)
              Decrease in trade payables, receipts in advance and accruals                                        (32)               (296)
              Increase in security deposits                                                                        25                   8
              Long-term incentive schemes settled                                                                 (42)                (10)
              Income tax paid                                                                                    (933)              (1,102)

              Net cash generated from operating activities                                                      6,589               5,941


      (b) Major Non-cash Transactions
            During the year, additional units of HK$47 million (2019: HK$101 million) were issued under the 2007 LTI Plan.
      (c) Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities
                                                                                                                  Amount due
                                                     Interest                                     Derivative           to non-
                                                     bearing      Convertible                       financial      controlling
                                                   liabilities        bonds         Accruals    instruments           interest     Total
                                                      HK$’M           HK$’M          HK$’M            HK$’M             HK$’M     HK$’M

              As at 1 April 2019                      24,217                    –         81             204             3,552    28,054

              Changes from financing cash
                flows
                Proceeds from interest                21,629                    –         –                –                –     21,629
                 bearing liabilities, net of
                transaction costs
               Repayment of interest                 (15,474)                   –         –                –                –     (15,474)
                bearing liabilities
                Proceeds from convertible                    –          3,974             –                –                –      3,974
                 bonds, net of transaction
                costs
               Increase in amount due to                     –                  –         –                –               159        159
                non-controlling interest
                Interest (paid)/received                     –               (32)       (841)             36               (45)     (882)
                Payment of lease liabilities                 –                  –         (2)              –                –          (2)

              Total changes from financing
                activities                              6,155           3,942          (843)              36               114     9,404

              Non-cash changes
                Changes in fair values of                    –                  –         –               58                –          58
                 cash flow hedges
                Finance costs                            485                 (32)       857             (441)              111       980
                Others                                   (169)                  –         6                –                –        (163)

              Total non-cash changes                      316                (32)       863             (383)              111       875

              As at 31 March 2020                     30,688             3,910           101            (143)            3,777    38,333

136   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29 Note to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
    (c) Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities (Continued)

                                                                                                                Amount due
                                                         Interest                              Derivative            to non-
                                                         bearing                                 financial       controlling
                                                       liabilities         Accruals          instruments            interest           Total
                                                          HK$’M             HK$’M                  HK$’M              HK$’M           HK$’M

          As at 1 April 2018                               25,785                86                    96              2,897           28,864

          Changes from financing cash flows
            Proceeds from interest bearing                 14,804                    –                  –                 –            14,804
             liabilities, net of transaction costs
           Repayment of interest bearing                   (19,124)                  –                  –                 –            (19,124)
            liabilities
           Increase in amount due to                            –                    –                  –               559                 559
            non-controlling interest
            Interest (paid)/received                            –              (748)                  100                 –                 (648)

          Total changes from financing activities          (4,320)             (748)                  100               559            (4,409)

          Non-cash changes
           Changes in fair values of cash flow                  –                    –                162                 –                  162
            hedges
            Finance costs                                      171              747                   (154)              96                 860
            Acquisition of business                         2,575                10                     –                 –             2,585
            Others                                              6                (14)                   –                 –                   (8)

          Total non-cash changes                            2,752               743                     8                96              3,599

          As at 31 March 2019                              24,217                81                   204              3,552           28,054


30 Commitments
    (a) Capital Commitments

                                                                                                               2020                     2019
                                                                                                              HK$’M                    HK$’M

          Capital expenditure of investment properties contracted but not provided
            for at the end of the year                                                                          691                         1,159


    (b) Short-term Leases Commitments
        As at 31 March 2020, the analysis of the Group’s aggregate future minimum lease rental payables under non-
        cancellable short-term leases is as follows:

                                                                                                               2020                     2019
                                                                                                              HK$’M                    HK$’M

        Within one year                                                                                           –                            6




                                                                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31    Connected Party Transactions and Significant Related Party Transactions and Balances
      Information required to be disclosed concerning related party transactions is set out in this note unless disclosed
      elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements.

      (a) Nature of Relationship With Connected/Related Parties
            The table set forth below summarises the names of the connected/related parties, as defined in the REIT Code/
            HKAS 24 (Revised) “Related Party Disclosures”, and the nature of their relationship with the Group as at 31 March
            2020:

                Connected/related party                                                                                       Relationship with the Group

                HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited (the “Trustee”) *                                                         The Trustee of Link
                The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and                                                         Associates # of the Trustee
                  its subsidiaries (excluding the Trustee and its proprietary
                  subsidiaries) (the “HSBC Group”) *
                Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited (Note (i))                                                             The Principal Valuer of Link
                Jones Lang LaSalle Limited (the “Former Principal Valuer”)                                                The former Principal Valuer of Link
                  (Note (ii))
                Jones Lang LaSalle Management Services Limited (Note (ii))                                        Associate # of the Former Principal Valuer
                Beijing Jones Lang LaSalle Property Management Services                                           Associate # of the Former Principal Valuer
                  Company Limited Shenzhen Branch (Note (ii))
                Aedas Limited *                                                                                                        Associate# of director
                Aedas Beijing Limited *                                                                                                Associate# of director
                Dah Sing Bank, Limited                                                                                                 Associate# of director
                The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies                                                                              Associate# of director


            *     These connected parties are also considered as related parties of the Group.
            #
                  “Associate” has the meaning ascribed to it under the REIT Code.

            Note:
            (i) Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited is the Principal Valuer of Link who is responsible for the property valuation of Link as at 31 March
                2020. Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited was appointed as the Principal Valuer of Link with effect from 17 November 2019.
            (ii) Jones Lang LaSalle Limited was the former valuer of Link who was responsible for the property valuation of Link up till 30 September 2019.
                 Jones Lang LaSalle Limited retired as the Principal Valuer of Link in accordance with the REIT Code on 17 November 2019 and since then,
                 Jones Lang LaSalle Limited and its associates ceased to be connected parties of Link.




138   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   Connected Party Transactions and Significant Related Party Transactions and Balances
     (Continued)
     (b) Transactions With Connected/Related Parties
         The following transactions recognised under HKFRSs were carried out with connected/related parties:

                                                                                                                    2020                           2019
                                                                                                                   HK$’M                          HK$’M

           Trustee’s fee paid and payable to the Trustee (Note (ii))                                                   (23)                          (20)


           Transactions with the HSBC Group (Note (iii))
             Agency fee on disposals of investment properties                                                            –                           (55)
             Interest expense and various financing charges to the HSBC Group on
                interest bearing liabilities, cross currency swap contracts and interest
                rate swap contracts                                                                                    (61)                          (65)
             Rental income from the HSBC Group on leasing of retail units                                               38                            39
             Interest income from the HSBC Group on bank deposits                                                       20                             10
           Transactions with the Principal Valuer (Notes (iii) and (iv))
             Valuation fee                                                                                              (4)                            (5)
             Consultancy services fees                                                                                  (2)                            (2)
             Agency fee                                                                                                 (2)                            (1)
           Charges for provision of fitter services paid and payable to
             Jones Lang LaSalle Management Services Limited (Note (iii))                                                (9)                           (16)
           Property management fee paid and payable to Beijing Jones Lang LaSalle
             Property Management Services Company Limited Shenzhen Branch
             (Note (iii))                                                                                              (13)                            (1)
           Architectural/renovation consultancy services fees paid and payable to
             Aedas Limited (Notes (iii) and (v))                                                                         (1)                           (5)
           Architectural/renovation consultancy services fees paid and payable to
             Aedas Beijing Limited (Notes (iii) and (v))                                                                (5)                            –
           Rental income from Dah Sing Bank, Limited on leasing of retail units
             (Notes (iii) and (vi))                                                                                      9                             8
           Interest expenses and various financing charges to Dah Sing Bank, Limited
              (Notes (iii) and (vi))                                                                                     (1)                           –

         Notes:
         (i) All connected/related parties transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the
             transactions and in the ordinary course of business.
         (ii) The Trustee is entitled to receive an annual trustee’s fee (calculated and paid monthly) at rates ranging from 0.008% per annum to 0.03% per
              annum of the latest property value as determined in the latest annual valuation report of an independent property valuer recommended by
              the Manager and appointed by the Trustee for and on behalf of Link from time to time, subject to a minimum of HK$150,000 per month. With
              effect from 1 April 2020, the trustee fee changed at rates ranging 0.006% per annum to 0.015% per annum.
         (iii) The transactions were entered into at arm’s length on normal commercial terms.
         (iv) Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited was appointed as the Principal Valuer of Link with effect from 17 November 2019. The Former
              Principal Valuer, Jones Lang LaSalle Limited, was responsible for the property valuation of Link up till the period ended 30 September 2019.
              Valuation fee for the year ended 31 March 2020 of HK$3 million and HK$1 million were paid and payable to Colliers International (Hong Kong)
              Limited and Jones Lang LaSalle Limited respectively while valuation fee of HK$5 million was paid to Jones Lang LaSalle Limited for the year
              ended 31 March 2019. Consultancy services fees of HK$2 million and agency fee of HK$2 million were paid and payable to Jones Lang Lasalle
              Limited for the year ended 31 March 2020 while consultancy services fees of HK$2 million and agency fee of HK$1 million were paid to Jones
              Lang LaSalle Limited for the year ended 31 March 2019.
         (v) Aedas Limited and Aedas Beijing Limited are associates of Mr Ian Keith GRIFFITHS.
         (vi) Dah Sing Bank, Limited is an associate of Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL.




                                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31    Connected Party Transactions and Significant Related Party Transactions and Balances
      (Continued)
      (c) Balances With Related Parties
            Balances with related parties are set out below:

                                                                                                2020                    2019
                                                                                               HK$’M                   HK$’M

              Trustee’s fee payable to the Trustee                                                 (4)                        (2)
              Interest bearing liabilities with the HSBC Group                                 (2,820)                  (1,940)
              Agency fee payable to the HSBC Group                                                  –                     (55)
              Net interest payable to the HSBC Group                                               (5)                        (3)
              Security deposits from the HSBC Group                                                (4)                        (3)
              Cross currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts with
                the HSBC Group                                                                     (1)                    (123)
              Deposits placed with the HSBC Group                                               6,569                   2,002



      (d) Key Management Compensation
            As at 31 March 2020, key management composed of two Executive Directors, 10 Non-Executive Directors and 10
            senior management staff. Further details of the remuneration of the Directors on a named basis are disclosed in
            highlighted sections of the Corporate Governance Report with a heading of “Audited” on pages 26 to 28. These
            sections form the “Audited” part of Corporate Governance Report and are part of the financial statements.
            The aggregate amounts of emoluments of the key management staff of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                2020                    2019
                                                                                               HK$’M                   HK$’M

              Fees                                                                                  9                         8
              Basic salaries, allowances and other benefits                                       128                     143
              Long-term incentive schemes awards                                                   33                     122

                                                                                                  170                     273




140   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   Connected Party Transactions and Significant Related Party Transactions and Balances
     (Continued)
     (d) Key Management Compensation (Continued)
         The amounts reflected in the emolument bands below are those in the financial statements under HKFRSs in the
         year 2019/2020, and include short term remuneration paid in cash and portion of the long-term incentive schemes
         recognised (although a portion of which has not been vested) in the year 2019/2020 attributable to the Executive
         Directors and senior management.

                                                                                                                    2020                           2019
                                                                                                              Number of                     Number of
           Emolument bands (Note (i))                                                                        individuals                    individuals

           HK$1,000,001-HK$3,000,000                                                                                    1                            2
           HK$3,000,001-HK$5,000,000                                                                                    2                            –
           HK$5,000,001-HK$7,000,000                                                                                    2                            –
           HK$7,000,001-HK$9,000,000                                                                                    2                            4
           HK$9,500,001-HK$10,000,000                                                                                   1                             1
           HK$10,000,001-HK$10,500,000                                                                                  1                             1
           HK$11,000,001-HK$11,500,000                                                                                  1                            –
           HK$11,500,001-HK$12,000,000                                                                                 –                              1
           HK$12,500,001-HK$13,000,000                                                                                 –                             2
           HK$13,500,001-HK$14,000,000                                                                                  1(b)                         –
           HK$32,000,001-HK$32,500,000                                                                                 –                              1(d)
           HK$73,500,001-HK$74,000,000                                                                                  1  (a)
                                                                                                                                                     –
           HK$112,500,001-HK$113,000,000                                                                               –                              1(c)

           Total number of Executive Directors and senior management (Note (iii))                                      12                            13

         Notes:
         (i) The calculation of the total remuneration for the emolument bands is based on the value of the long-term incentive awards recognised
             during the year and the short term remuneration paid and recognised during the year.
         (ii) Emoluments paid and recognised for the Executive Directors, Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY(a) and Mr Kok Siong NG(b) (2019: Mr George
              Kwok Lung HONGCHOY(c) and Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(d)). Mr Kok Siong NG was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 1
              February 2020. Out of the total remuneration awarded, only 2 month’s remuneration was attributable to services provided as an Executive
              Director. Details are set out in the “Remuneration Awarded to Executive Directors” section on pages 26 to 27. The respective emoluments
              include the portion of the long-term incentive schemes recognised for the year, which the details are set out in the “Long-term Incentive
              Schemes” section on pages 71 and 74. The remaining is the paid short-term remuneration.
         (iii) Included one (2019: one) retired senior management staff.

         The five highest paid individuals for the year include two (2019: two) directors whose emoluments reflected in the
         above emolument bands. The emoluments paid and recognised to the remaining three (2019: three) individuals
         during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                  2020                           2019
                                                                                                                 HK$’M                          HK$’M

           Basic salaries, other allowances and benefits in kind                                                       9                            10
           Discretionary bonus                                                                                        21                            16
           Long-term incentive schemes awards                                                                          2                             11

                                                                                                                      32                            37




                                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements         141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32 Future Minimum Rental Receivables
      As at 31 March 2020, the analysis of the Group’s aggregate future minimum rental income receivables under non-
      cancellable operating leases is as follows:

                                                                                                                 2020                      2019
                                                                                                                HK$’M                     HK$’M

       Within one year                                                                                          6,384                      6,259
       Between one and five years                                                                               10,061                    10,432
       Beyond five years                                                                                         1,125                      1,416

                                                                                                                17,570                     18,107


      Most of the operating leases are on fixed terms and for terms of three years (2019: three years).

33 Principal Subsidiaries
      Link held the following principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2020:

                                                                                                                   Particulars of
                                                                                                                    issued share
                                                     Place of establishment and                                          capital/
                                                     kind of legal entity/                                            registered
       Name                                          place of operations                 Principal activities             capital   Interest held

       Directly held:
       The Link Holdings Limited                     Cayman Islands, limited liability   Investment holding                  US$1           100%
                                                       company/ Hong Kong
       Link Asset Management Limited                 Hong Kong, limited liability        Asset management         HK$22,000,000             100%
                                                       company/ Hong Kong


       Indirectly held:
       Afford Limited                                Hong Kong, limited liability        Investment holding      HK$160,539,360             100%
                                                       company/ Hong Kong
       Atlantic Best Limited                         Hong Kong, limited liability        Investment holding                 HK$2            100%
                                                       company/ Hong Kong
       保怡物業管理(深圳)有限公司                                People’s Republic of China,         Property holding and     US$39,500,000             100%
        (Baoyi Property Management                     limited liability company/          leasing
        (Shenzhen) Company Limited)                    People’s Republic of China
       北京亞騰房地產經營管理有限公司                               People’s Republic of China,         Property holding and    US$162,500,000             100%
        (Beijing Yateng Real Estate                    limited liability company/          leasing
        Management Company Limited)                    People’s Republic of China
       Century Land Investment Limited               Hong Kong, limited liability        Property development                HK$1           60%
                                                       company/ Hong Kong
       China East Investment Limited                 Hong Kong, limited liability        Investment holding              HK$5,000           100%
                                                       company/ Hong Kong
       益颯美置業（天津）有限公司                                 People’s Republic of China,         Property holding and   RMB1,242,300,418            100%
        (ECM Property Holding (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.)     limited liability company/          leasing
                                                       People’s Republic of China
       First Venture R.E. Limited                    Hong Kong, limited liability        Investment holding                  HK$1           100%
                                                       company/ Hong Kong
       Great Land (HK) Limited                       Hong Kong, limited liability        Property holding and      HK$1,000,000             100%
                                                       company/ Hong Kong                  leasing




142   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




33 Principal Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                                                  Particulars of
                                                                                                                   issued share
                                                  Place of establishment and                                            capital/
                                                  kind of legal entity/                                              registered
     Name                                         place of operations                 Principal activities               capital     Interest held

     Indirectly held (Continued):
     廣州牽晴匯房地產有限公司                                 People’s Republic of China,         Property holding and      RMB600,000,000                 100%
      (Guangzhou Qian Qing Hui Real                 limited liability company/          leasing
      Estate Company Limited)                       People’s Republic of China
     Link 2019 CB Limited                         British Virgin Islands,             Financing                            US$1                100%
                                                     limited liability company/
                                                     Hong Kong
     Link Monte (HK) Limited                      Hong Kong, limited liability        Property holding and                 HK$1                100%
                                                    company/ Hong Kong                  leasing
     Link Properties Limited                      Cayman Islands, limited liability   Property holding and                 US$1                100%
                                                    company/ Hong Kong                  leasing
     Link Property Management Services            Hong Kong, limited liability        Property management          HK$1,000,000                100%
        Limited                                     company/ Hong Kong
     領展房地產諮詢(上海)有限公司                              People’s Republic of China,         Corporate management        RMB5,000,000                 100%
      (Link Real Estate Consultancy                 limited liability company/          service
      (Shanghai) Co., Limited)                      People’s Republic of China
     Preston River (HK) Limited                   Hong Kong, limited liability        Investment holding                   HK$1                100%
                                                    company/ Hong Kong
     上海興邦房地產有限公司                                  People’s Republic of China,         Property holding and      RMB287,595,000                 100%
      (Shanghai Xing Bang Properties Co., Ltd.)     limited liability company/          leasing
                                                    People’s Republic of China
     The Link Finance (Cayman) 2006 Limited       Cayman Islands, limited liability   Investment                           US$1                100%
                                                    company/ Hong Kong
     The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited       Cayman Islands, limited liability   Financing                            US$1                100%
                                                    company/ Hong Kong
     The Link Finance Limited                     Hong Kong, limited liability        Financing                            HK$1                100%
                                                    company/ Hong Kong


    The Manager considers the non-controlling interest in respect of Century Land Investment Limited is not material to the
    Group.

    The Manager is of the opinion that a complete list of the particulars of all subsidiaries will be of excessive length and
    therefore the above list contains only the particulars of the subsidiaries which principally affect the results or assets and
    liabilities of the Group.

34 Event After the Reporting Date
    On 7 April 2020, Link, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, completed the acquisition of an office property in Australia at
    an aggregate consideration of approximately Australian Dollars 683 million (equivalent to approximately HK$3,649
    million). The acquired property, known as “100 Market Street”, comprises a 10-storey commercial office tower located at
    100 Market Street, which is situated within a mixed-use development in the central business district of Sydney, Australia.

35 Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements
    The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors of the Manager and the
    Trustee on 1 June 2020.




                                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements     143
Valuation Report

Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited                    (852) 2828 9888
                                                               (852) 2828 9899
Suite 5701, Central Plaza                               WEBSITE   www.colliers.com
18 Harbour Road
Wanchai, Hong Kong

Our Ref: 20-15162

15 May 2020

The Board of Directors
Link Asset Management Limited
(For itself as manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust (Link REIT), and for and on behalf of Link REIT)
20/F, Tower 1, The Quayside
77 Hoi Bun Road
Kwun Tong
Kowloon
Hong Kong

Trustee
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited
1 Queen’s Road Central
Hong Kong

Dear Sirs,

Re: Link REIT – Annual Valuation as at 31 March 2020

We refer to the instruction from Link Asset Management Limited (LAML), acting as the manager of Link Real Estate
Investment Trust (Link REIT), and HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited (Trustee) to conduct property valuation
for groups of properties of Link REIT (collectively, the “Properties”) for presentation in its 2019-2020 Annual Report, in
compliance with the relevant requirements set out in the Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts issued by the Securities and
Futures Commission of Hong Kong (SFC), the trust deed of Link REIT dated 6 September 2005 as supplemented from time to
time by and, where applicable, the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(SEHK):

• 127 Properties in Hong Kong (the “Hong Kong Properties”, as detailed in the Schedule of Values); and
• 5 Properties in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC Properties”, as detailed in the Schedule of Values).




144   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                  Valuation Report




Valuer’s Interest
We hereby certify that Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited is independent of the scheme, the trustee, the management
company and each of the significant holders of the scheme, as per the Code on Real Estate Investment Trust issued by the
Securities and Futures Commission (SFC).

Basis of Valuation
The valuation has been carried out in accordance with the prevailing valuation standards, namely, the Royal Institution of
Chartered Surveyors’ RICS Valuation – Global Standards, incorporating the International Valuation Standards Council’s (IVSC)
International Valuation Standards, the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors’ HKIS Valuation Standards 2017 and Chapter 6 of the
Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts (REIT Code) issued by the Securities and Futures Commission in August 2014.
Our valuation is made on the basis of market value which is defined by the IVSC (and the RICS and HKIS) as the estimated
amount for which an asset or liability should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in
an arm’s-length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without
compulsion.
Our valuation represents a 100% interest in the Portfolio and does not reflect shareholder’s interest in the company owning
the property interest.

Measurements
We have assumed that the areas shown on the documents and plans provided to us by LAML are correct. All documents and
contracts have been used for reference only and all dimensions, measurements and areas are therefore approximations. No
on-site measurements have been taken to verify the correctness of the areas.

Valuation Methodologies
We have relied on the Income Capitalisation Approach as the primary approach to arrive at the market values of the
Properties and cross-checked with the Direct Comparison Approach.

Income Capitalisation Approach
The income capitalisation approach involves the capitalisation of current passing rental income and potential reversionary
income from a property from the date of valuation, at appropriate investment yields, to arrive at capital value. Appropriate
adjustments/deductions have been made for rent-free periods, ongoing vacancy voids/marketing periods and non-
recoverable expenses for vacant space.
The capitalisation rate ranges adopted in our valuations are as follows:

Hong Kong Properties

Retail:           3.25% – 4.50%
Car Park:         4.00% – 5.30%
Office:           3.01% (Blended)
Blended:          3.01% – 5.10%




                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   145
Valuation Report




PRC Properties
Office:             4.25%
Retail:             4.25% – 4.75%
Car Park:           4.25% – 4.75%

Direct Comparison Approach
The Direct Comparison Approach provides an indication of value by comparing the subject asset with identical or similar
assets for which price information is available. In analysing such sales, which qualify as arm’s-length transactions between
willing buyers and sellers, adjustments are made to reflect differences between the comparables and the subject of this
valuation in matters such as transaction dates, size, location, quality, age and amenities and any other relevant factors, to
assess the value of the subject asset. This approach is commonly used to value assets where reliable sales evidence is
available.
The Direct Comparison Approach has also been used to assess market rental levels on the same basis. This assessment of
market rent is then used to underpin the potential reversionary income for the Properties.

Valuation Assumptions
Our valuations have been made on the assumption that the Properties are to be sold in the open market in their existing
state, subject to existing tenancies or otherwise with the benefit of vacant possession, without the benefit of deferred term
contracts, leasebacks, joint ventures, management agreements or any similar arrangements which could affect the value of
the Properties.
We have valued each of the Properties individually. We have not allowed any bulk discount for the sale of the Properties as a
portfolio to a single party, nor have we taken into account any effect on values that might arise if the Properties were all to
be offered for sale at one and the same time.
No allowances have been made for any charges, mortgages or amounts owing on any of the Properties nor for any expenses
or taxation which may be incurred in effecting a sale. We have assumed that the Properties are free from, and clear of, any
and all charges, liens and encumbrances of an onerous nature likely to affect value.
We have assumed that the Properties have been constructed, occupied and used in full compliance with all ordinances. We
have further assumed that, for any use of the Properties upon which this report is based, any and all required licences, permits,
certificates, and authorisations have been obtained.

Title Investigation and Encumbrances
We have been provided with copies of the title documents relating to the PRC Properties. As at the Valuation Date, all the
Properties have obtained legal title as per the information provided by LAML. For Properties located in Hong Kong, we have
made enquiries and relevant searches at the Land Registry. However, we have not sighted the original documents and are
therefore not aware of any possible amendments that are not shown on the copies available to us.

Site Investigation
We have not carried out investigations to determine the subsoil conditions nor have we tested utility services to the
Properties. Our valuation has been prepared on the assumption that these are acceptable and appropriate to the respective
developments. No structural surveys have been undertaken, but in the course of our inspections, we have not noted any
defects. We are not, however, able to report whether the Properties are free of rot, infestation or any other structural defects.
We have assumed that the Properties are free of contamination.

Plant and Machinery
We have reflected in our assessment of market value all plant and machinery that forms part of the building services but have
excluded the process plant, machinery and equipment which has been installed wholly in connection with the tenants
occupation, including but not limited to furniture, furnishings and tenants’ fixtures and fittings.




146   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                   Valuation Report




Car Parking Spaces
We are aware that authorisations have already been or are in the process of being obtained from the relevant authorities for
Properties where surplus car parking spaces are let to non-residents where planning approvals and waivers are normally
required.

Telecommunication Facilities
We have assumed that all telecommunication facilities at the Properties are constructed, occupied and used in full compliance
with all ordinances and all necessary approvals have been obtained from the relevant authorities.

Acknowledgement of Information
All investigations have been conducted independently and without influence from any third parties. We have relied to a very
considerable extent on the information provided by the LAML and have accepted advice given to us on such matters as
identification of the Properties, particulars of planning approvals, statutory notices, easements, tenure, occupation, floor plans
and areas, tenancy schedules and all other relevant matters.
In the course of our valuation, we have also made reference to, inter alia, the following information provided by LAML:

Hong Kong Properties
1.   Tenancy Schedule as at 31 March 2020 and subsequent updates;
2. Other Retail and Car Park Incomes from March 2019 to February 2020;
3. Retail Actual Income from March 2019 to February 2020;
4. Office Actual Income from March 2019 to February 2020 (The Quayside);
5. Operating Expenses from March 2019 to February 2020;
6. CAPEX Schedules as at 31 March 2020 and subsequent updates;
7. Asset Enhancement Plans & Layout Plans of the Properties, if any; and
8. Approved building plans for the commercial developments of The Quayside and 700 Nathan Road dated 2 August 2018
   and 12 October 2017 respectively.


PRC Properties
1.   Tenancy Schedule as at 31 March 2020 and subsequent updates;
2. Other Retail and Car Park Incomes from March 2019 to February 2020;
3. Retail Actual Income from March 2019 to February 2020;
4. Office Actual Income from March 2019 to February 2020 (Link Square, Shanghai);
5. Operating Expenses from March 2019 to February 2020; and
6. Relevant title documents.




                                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   147
Valuation Report




Summary of Values
A summary of the following is shown in the attached Schedule of Values:

i) Retail Internal Floor Area (IFA), number of car parking spaces, assessed market values, capitalisation rate adopted in the
   Income Capitalisation Approach and initial yield for the Hong Kong Properties;
ii) Gross Floor Area (GFA) and assessed market value for The Quayside; and
iii) Retail and/or office GFA, number of car parking spaces, assessed market values, capitalisation rate adopted in Income
     Capitalisation Approach and initial yield for the PRC Properties.


Valuation
1. Hong Kong Properties

We are of the opinion that the aggregate market value of the unencumbered leasehold interest in the Hong Kong Properties,
subject to the existing tenancies and conditions and assumptions set out in this report, as at 31 March 2020, is in the sum of

                                                  HK$169,161,100,000
                                   (HONG KONG DOLLARS ONE HUNDRED SIXTY NINE BILLION
                                          ONE HUNDRED SIXTY ONE MILLION AND
                                               ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND)

                                                              Initial yield: 4.48%

The values ascribed to the respective retail, car parking elements and The Quayside are as follows:

Hong Kong Retail Facilities
Market value is in the sum of

                                                   HK$127,005,600,000
                                (HONG KONG DOLLARS ONE HUNDRED TWENTY SEVEN BILLION
                                       FIVE MILLION AND SIX HUNDRED THOUSAND)

                                                              Initial yield: 4.56%

Hong Kong Car Parking Facilities
Market value is in the sum of

                                                   HK$31,280,100,000
                                  (HONG KONG DOLLARS THIRTY ONE BILLION TWO HUNDRED
                                      EIGHTY MILLION AND ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND)

                                                              Initial yield: 4.99%

The Quayside
Market value is in the sum of

                                                    HK$10,875,400,000
                                 (HONG KONG DOLLARS TEN BILLION EIGHT HUNDRED SEVENTY
                                       FIVE MILLION AND FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND)




148   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                Valuation Report




2. PRC Properties

We are of the opinion that the market value of the unencumbered leasehold interests in the PRC Properties, subject to the
existing tenancies and assumptions set out in this report, as at 31 March 2020, is in the sum of

                                                RMB23,180,000,000
                                   (RENMINBI TWENTY THREE BILLION ONE HUNDRED
                                               AND EIGHTY MILLION)

                                                     Initial yield: 4.37%

• Link Square, Shanghai
  Market value is in the sum of

                                                  RMB6,740,000,000
                                         (RENMINBI SIX BILLION SEVEN HUNDRED
                                                AND FORTY MILLION)

                                                     Initial yield: 4.78%

• EC Mall, Beijing
  Market value is in the sum of

                                                   RMB2,910,000,000
                                         (RENMINBI TWO BILLION NINE HUNDRED
                                                  AND TEN MILLION)

                                                     Initial yield: 5.38%

• Metropolitan Plaza, Guangzhou
  Market value is in the sum of

                                                   RMB4,350,000,000
                                        (RENMINBI FOUR BILLION THREE HUNDRED
                                                  AND FIFTY MILLION)

                                                     Initial yield: 4.94%

• Beijing Jingtong Roosevelt Plaza, Beijing
  Market value is in the sum of

                                                  RMB2,570,000,000
                                         (RENMINBI TWO BILLION FIVE HUNDRED
                                                AND SEVENTY MILLION)

                                                     Initial yield: 4.23%




                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   149
Valuation Report




• CentralWalk, Shenzhen
  Market value is in the sum of

                                                         RMB6,610,000,000
                                                 (RENMINBI SIX BILLION SIX HUNDRED
                                                        AND TEN MILLION)

                                                              Initial yield: 3.20%

Conversion Factor
The conversion factors used in this report are:
1 square metre     =     10.764 square feet
1 metre            =     3.2808 feet




Yours faithfully,
For and on behalf of
Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited

Hannah Jeong MSc (Real Estate) MRICS MHKIS RPS(GP)
Head
Valuation and Advisory Services




150   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                           Valuation Report




Schedule of Values
Hong Kong Properties

 No.    Properties                                      No.   Properties
 127    700 Nathan Road                                 55    Fu Heng Shopping Centre
 15     Butterfly Plaza                                 32    Fu Shin Shopping Centre
 110    Car Park within Ching Wang Court                47    Fu Tai Shopping Centre
 124    Car Park within Chuk Yuen (North) Estate        24    Fu Tung Plaza
 116    Car Park within Fung Lai Court                  45    Fung Tak Shopping Centre
 118    Car Park within Hong Keung Court                36    Heng On Commercial Centre
 83     Car Park within Ka Tin Court                    35    Hin Keng Shopping Centre
 104    Car Park within Kam On Court                    67    Hing Tung Shopping Centre
 73     Car Park within Kin Ming Estate                 57    Hing Wah Plaza
 115    Car Park within King Lai Court                  64    Hiu Lai Shopping Centre
 121    Car Park within Kwai Hong Court                 63    Hoi Fu Shopping Centre
 101    Car Park within Lai On Estate                   33    Homantin Plaza
 123    Car Park within Lower Wong Tai Sin (I) Estate   6     Kai Tin Shopping Centre
 95     Car Park within Ming Nga Court                  68    Kin Sang Shopping Centre
 93     Car Park within Ning Fung Court                 56    Kwong Fuk Commercial Centre
 122    Car Park within Pang Ching Court                40    Kwong Yuen Shopping Centre
 97     Car Park within Po Pui Court                    39    Lek Yuen Plaza
 112    Car Park within San Wai Court                   12    Leung King Plaza
 108    Car Park within Sau Mau Ping (I) Estate         1     Lok Fu Place
 87     Car Park within Tin King Estate                 60    Lok Wah Commercial Centre
 78     Car Park within Tin Yuet Estate                 50    Long Ping Commercial Centre
 114    Car Park within Tin Yau Court                   54    Lung Hang Commercial Centre
 99     Car Park within Tsui Ping South Estate          59    Maritime Bay
 92     Car Park within Tsz Man Estate                  49    Mei Lam Shopping Centre
 107    Car Park within Upper Ngau Tau Kok Estate       46    Nam Cheong Place
 84     Car Park within Wah Lai Estate                  31    Nan Fung Plaza
 90     Car Park within Wang Fuk Court                  29    Oi Man Plaza
 105    Car Park within Yee Kok Court                   52    Oi Tung Shopping Centre
 113    Car Park within Yee Nga Court                   70    Ping Tin Shopping Centre
 96     Car Park within Ying Ming Court                 80    Po Hei Court Commercial Centre
 100    Car Park within Yue On Court                    51    Po Lam Shopping Centre
 11     Cheung Fat Plaza                                42    Po Tat Shopping Centre
 62     Cheung Wah Shopping Centre                      75    Retail and Car Park within Cheung On Estate
 16     Choi Ming Shopping Centre                       76    Retail and Car Park within Cheung Wang Estate
 30     Choi Wan Commercial Complex                     85    Retail and Car Park within Ching Wah Court
 10     Choi Yuen Plaza                                 77    Retail and Car Park within Hong Pak Court
 21     Chuk Yuen Plaza                                 120   Retail and Car Park within Hong Shui Court
 25     Chung On Shopping Centre                        88    Retail and Car Park within Hong Yat Court




                                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements     151
Valuation Report




 No.       Properties                                              No.   Properties
 117       Retail and Car Park within Hung Hom Estate              3     Tsz Wan Shan Shopping Centre
 82        Retail and Car Park within Ko Chun Court                53    Un Chau Shopping Centre
 125       Retail and Car Park within Ko Yee Estate                58    Wan Tsui Commercial Complex
 106       Retail and Car Park within Lok Nga Court                13    Wo Che Plaza
 79        Retail and Car Park within Lok Wah (South) Estate       14    Yat Tung Shopping Centre
 103       Retail and Car Park within Nam Cheong Estate            19    Yau Mei & Ko Cheung (Lei Yue Mun Plaza)
 109       Retail and Car Park within Sau Mau Ping (III) Estate    74    Yin Lai Court Shopping Centre
 91        Retail and Car Park within Tin Wah Estate               61    Yiu On Shopping Centre
 119       Retail and Car Park within Tin Wang Court               69    Yiu Tung Shopping Centre
 89        Retail and Car Park within Tin Yat Estate               38    Yu Chui Shopping Centre
 86        Retail and Car Park within Tong Ming Court
 94        Retail and Car Park within Tsui Wan Estate
 102       Retail and Car Park within Tsz Oi Court
 71        Retail and Car Park within Tung Tau Estate
 81        Retail and Car Park within Wo Ming Court
 98        Retail and Car Park within Yan Ming Court
 111       Retail and Car Park within Ying Fuk Court
 65        Sam Shing Commercial Centre
 9         Sau Mau Ping Shopping Centre
 28        Sha Kok Commercial Centre
 37        Shun Lee Commercial Centre
 72        Shun On Commercial Centre
 23        Siu Sai Wan Plaza
 41        Stanley Plaza
 44        Sun Chui Shopping Centre
 2         T Town
 48        Tai Hing Commercial Centre
 17        Tai Wo Plaza
 34        Tai Yuen Commercial Centre
 27        Tak Tin Plaza
 8         Temple Mall North
 4         Temple Mall South
 126       The Quayside
 18        Tin Chak Shopping Centre
 20        Tin Shing Shopping Centre
 26        Tin Shui Shopping Centre
 66        Tin Tsz Shopping Centre
 22        Tin Yiu Plaza
 5         TKO Gateway
 7         TKO Spot
 43        Tsui Ping North Shopping Circuit




152    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                          Valuation Report




PRC Properties

 No.    Properties                      No.   Properties

 1      Link Square, Shanghai           2     EC Mall, Beijing
 3      Metropolitan Plaza, Guangzhou   4     Beijing Jingtong Roosevelt Plaza, Beijing
 5      CentralWalk, Shenzhen




                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements    153
Valuation Report




Schedule of Values
Hong Kong Properties

                                                                                                  Income
                                                                           Annual Net          Capitalisation                                 Analysis
                             Internal                                       Passing                                   Value as at
                             Floor Area                 Car Park             Income            Capitalisation       31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                     Spaces           (HKD Million)            Rate             (HKD Million)          Initial Yield
 1      Lok Fu Place
                             371,348                       793                 290.5               4.22%                6,749.2               4.30%

        Brief Description:   Lok Fu Place, (formerly Lok Fu Plaza), completed in 1983 – 1991, comprises
                             • Commercial centre I – retail
                             • Commercial centre II – retail
                             • Car park I
                             • Car Park II
                             • Car park and commercial accommodation within Wang Shun House, Wang Tat House and Wang Yat House
                             • Associated accommodation in Lok Fu Estate
                             • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                             • IFA before AE for letting: 358,510 sq ft
                             • IFA after AE for letting: 371,348 sq ft
                             • Number of Car Park Spaces: 793

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6451 – 107,428/335,530 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 31 December 2007

 2      T Town
                             206,649                      1,177                264.7               4.03%                5,653.8               4.68%

        Brief Description:   T Town, (formerly Chung Fu Plaza), completed in 1999 and 2000, comprises
                             • Phase 1 commercial and car parking building
                             • Phase 2 commercial building
                             • Tin Chung Court Ancillary Facilities Block – ground and first floor kindergarten and day nursery facilities.
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,177

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details:
                             Phase I – Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 18 - Section A and 2,021/363,535 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining
                             Portion
                             Phase 2 – Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 41 - portion of 50,802/297,568 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years from 8 January 1999

 3      Tsz Wan Shan Shopping Centre
                             198,712                      940                  221.4               4.34%                4,692.9                4.72%

        Brief Description:   Tsz Wan Shan Shopping Centre, completed in 1997, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Multi storey car park
                             • Car park block A
                             • Car park block B
                             • Lift tower
                             • Ancillary facilities block - commercial/car park accommodation
                             • Open car parks and associated areas in Tsz Lok Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 940
                             The total IFA of the retail units available for letting is 198,250 sf, the Properties have recently undergone asset
                             enhancement works. We have been advised that the total IFA of the retail units will be adjusted to 198,712 sf.

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6442 - 81,055/481,546 equal and undivided shares in the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 October 2007




154    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                            Valuation Report




                                                                                            Income
                                                                      Annual Net         Capitalisation                          Analysis
                           Internal                                    Passing                                Value as at
                           Floor Area               Car Park            Income           Capitalisation     31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces          (HKD Million)           Rate           (HKD Million)      Initial Yield
4     Temple Mall South
                           146,528                    688                184.0               4.12%              4,074.4           4.52%

      Brief Description:   Temple Mall South, (formerly Wong Tai Sin Plaza), completed in 1982 and 1983, comprises
                           • Multi storey commercial/car park accommodation
                           • Commercial/car park block
                           • Car park block
                           • Commercial blocks – cooked food stalls
                           • Commercial car park accommodation within Lung Kwong House, Lung Fai House, Lung Lok House and Lung On House
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Lower Wong Tai Sin II Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 688

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6438 - 51,200/323,235 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 May 2007

5     TKO Gateway
                           165,935                    623                 181.2              4.01%              4,045.1           4.48%

      Brief Description:   TKO Gateway, (formerly Hau Tak (II) Shopping Centre), completed in 1993, comprises
                           • East Wing – multi storey car park
                           • West wing – multi storey car park
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Hau Tak Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 623

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 99 - 49,962/324,918 equal undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005

6     Kai Tin Shopping Centre
                           184,936                    461                178.7               4.32%              3,988.5           4.48%

      Brief Description:   Kai Tin Shopping Centre, completed by two phases in 1999 and 2003, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park block
                           • Multi storey commercial/car park accommodation
                           • Car parks and associated areas in Kai Tin Estate
                           • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                           • IFA before AE for letting: 184,362 sq ft
                           • IFA after AE for letting: 184,936 sq ft
                           • Number of Car Park Spaces: 461

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6481 - 65,207/256,946 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 September 2009




                                                                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      155
Valuation Report




                                                                                                   Income
                                                                           Annual Net           Capitalisation                               Analysis
                             Internal                                       Passing                                    Value as at
                             Floor Area                 Car Park             Income             Capitalisation       31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                     Spaces           (HKD Million)             Rate             (HKD Million)          Initial Yield
 7      TKO Spot
                             129,951                      1,280                170.6                4.24%                3,780.8               4.51%

        Brief Description:   TKO Spot (formerly known as Sheung Tak Shopping Centre), completed in 1998, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Car Park A
                             • Car Park B
                             • Car Park C
                             • Commercial/car park accommodation G/F of Sheung Mei House
                             • Open car parks and associated areas in Sheung Tak Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,280
                             The total IFA of the retail units available for letting is 129,816 sf, the Properties have recently undergone asset
                             enhancement works. We have been advised that the total IFA of the retail units will be adjusted to 129,951 sf.

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 98 - 95,092/467,545 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 26 March 2007

 8      Temple Mall North
                             137,622                       473                 158.1                3.94%                3,724.0               4.24%

        Brief Description:   Temple Mall North, (formerly Lung Cheung Plaza), completed 2001, comprises
                             • Commercial car parking and associated areas in Upper Wong Tai Sin Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 473

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6439 - 53,974/311,854 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007

 9      Sau Mau Ping Shopping Centre
                             155,118                       611                 177.4                4.31%                3,561.4               4.98%

        Brief Description:   Sau Mau Ping Shopping Centre, completed in 2002, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Multi storey car park A and ancillary facilities building
                             • Associated areas in Sau Mau Ping Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 611

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6453 - 57,670/833,450 equal and undivided shares and a portion of 10/833,450
                             equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years from 23 February 2007

 10     Choi Yuen Plaza
                             127,754                       536                 165.7                4.41%                3,317.6               4.99%

        Brief Description:   Choi Yuen Plaza, completed in 1982, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation – various shop units, open car parks and associated areas within
                               Choi Chu House, Choi Yuk House, Choi Ping House and Choi Wah House
                             • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                             • IFA before AE for letting: 125,394 sq ft
                             • IFA after AE for letting: 127,754 sq ft
                             • Number of Car Park Spaces: 536

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot No. 230 – 34,746/286,392 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 September 2005



156    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                Valuation Report




                                                                                               Income
                                                                        Annual Net          Capitalisation                          Analysis
                           Internal                                      Passing                                  Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park             Income            Capitalisation      31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces           (HKD Million)            Rate            (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
11    Cheung Fat Plaza
                           165,572                      590                 152.3               4.34%              3,313.1           4.60%

      Brief Description:   Cheung Fat Plaza, completed in 1987, comprises
                           • Shopping centre
                           • Cheung Fat Estate electricity substation
                           • Car Park Block
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 590

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 172 - 49,331/171,904 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 2005

12    Leung King Plaza
                           183,796                      616                 157.3               4.45%              3,108.4           5.06%

      Brief Description:   Leung King Plaza, completed in 1988, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park block
                           • HA open car parks in Leung King Estate
                           • HA Road
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 616

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 458 - 54,922/426,295 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 February 2001

13    Wo Che Plaza
                           170,625                      828                 141.4               4.13%              3,036.1           4.66%

      Brief Description:   Wo Che Plaza, completed in 1977, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park block
                           • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation – G/F retail units within Tai Wo House, Foo Wo House,
                             Hau Wo House, Chi Wo House and King Wo House
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Wo Che Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 828

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 549 - 55,437/474,742 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007

14    Yat Tung Shopping Centre
                           193,063                     1,900                147.4               4.41%              3,000.8           4.91%

      Brief Description:   Yat Tung Shopping Centre, completed 2001 – 2003, comprises
                           • Commercial Centre 1
                           • Commercial Centre 2
                           • Car Park 1
                           • Car Park 3
                           • Commercial/car park block
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Yat Tung Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,900

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tung Chung Town Lot No. 30 – 107,811/930,819 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 5 February 2009




                                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      157
Valuation Report




                                                                                                Income
                                                                          Annual Net         Capitalisation                       Analysis
                             Internal                                      Passing                                Value as at
                             Floor Area                Car Park             Income           Capitalisation     31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces           (HKD Million)           Rate           (HKD Million)   Initial Yield
 15     Butterfly Plaza
                             174,331                      313                148.7               4.53%             2,951.6         5.04%

        Brief Description:   Butterfly Plaza, completed in 1983, comprises
                             • Commercial complex
                             • Multi storey car park
                             • Commercial area – cooked food stalls
                             • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation – shops within Tip Ling House and Tip Sum House
                             • Open car parks, loading spaces and associated areas in Butterfly Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 313

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 473 - 38,316/248,783 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005

 16     Choi Ming Shopping Centre
                             92,857                       765                144.4               4.33%             2,914.4         4.95%

        Brief Description:   Choi Ming Shopping Centre, completed in 2001 and 2003, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Carport building
                             • Covered car parking Spaces – Choi Ming Court
                             • Extension block King Ming Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 765

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 82 – 44,614/346,996 equal and undivided shares, and Tseung Kwan O Town Lot
                             No.109 – 39,133/420,644 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 4 May 2001 (TKOTL No. 82) and 15 March 2010 (TKOTL No. 109)

 17     Tai Wo Plaza
                             125,452                     454                 140.8               4.40%             2,771.0         5.08%

        Brief Description:   Tai Wo Plaza, completed in 1989, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block Phase 1
                             • Commercial/car park block Phase 2
                             • Cooked food centre
                             • Integrated HA Accommodation –
                             shops, stores, offices and clinics in Oi Wo House
                             shops, offices and clinics in On Wo House
                             entrance on G/F of Hei Wo House to phase 1 commercial block
                             • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                             • IFA before AE for letting: 127,470 sq ft
                             • IFA after AE for letting: 125,452 sq ft
                             • Number of Car Park Spaces: 454

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 176 - 40,117/414,930 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 10 February 2000




158    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                     Valuation Report




                                                                                                Income
                                                                         Annual Net          Capitalisation                              Analysis
                           Internal                                       Passing                                      Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park              Income            Capitalisation          31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces            (HKD Million)            Rate                (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
18    Tin Chak Shopping Centre
                           130,719                      302                  130.1               4.31%                  2,652.5           4.90%

      Brief Description:   Tin Chak Shopping Centre, completed in 2001, comprises
                           • Commercial block including kiosk at entrance
                           • Car park building
                           • Associated areas in Tin Chak Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 302

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 37 - 38,810/272,897 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005

19    Yau Mei & Ko Cheung (Lei Yue Mun Plaza)
                           100,769                       0                   131.7               4.30%                  2,642.7           4.98%

      Brief Description:   Lei Yue Mun Plaza -Yau Mei and Ko Cheung, completed in 2001, comprises
                           • Commercial accommodation in blocks J, K and L, Yau Mei Court

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6459 - 19,357/392,161 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 3 June 2005

20    Tin Shing Shopping Centre
                           78,235                      1,458                 118.2               4.33%                  2,404.6           4.91%

      Brief Description:   Tin Shing Shopping Centre, completed in 2000, comprises
                           • Commercial centre - commercial/car park building
                           • Ancillary facilities block – kindergarten, play areas and nursery in Ting Shing Court
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,458

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 17, Section A, and 1,480/357,800 equal and undivided shares in the Remaining
                           Portion
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 November 1997

21    Chuk Yuen Plaza
                           138,546                      1,103                117.6               4.44%                  2,398.2           4.90%

      Brief Description:   Chuk Yuen Plaza, completed in 1984, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park block
                           • Multi storey car park accommodation in Chui Yuen House
                           • Cooked food stalls
                           • Shops in Sau Yuen House
                           • Open car parking spaces and associated areas in Chuk Yuen (South) Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,103

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6452 – 62,198/354,665 equal and undivided shares in the Remaining Portion
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 16 August 2007




                                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements          159
Valuation Report




                                                                                                 Income
                                                                          Annual Net          Capitalisation                      Analysis
                             Internal                                      Passing                                 Value as at
                             Floor Area                Car Park             Income            Capitalisation     31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces           (HKD Million)            Rate           (HKD Million)   Initial Yield
 22     Tin Yiu Plaza
                             93,297                       480                 120.3               4.34%             2,396.7         5.02%

        Brief Description:   Tin Yiu Plaza, completed in 1992, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Open car parks and associated areas in Tin Yiu Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 480

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Lot No. 38 – 31,581/574,611 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 September 2005

 23     Siu Sai Wan Plaza
                             99,942                       558                 118.1               4.47%             2,281.1         5.18%

        Brief Description:   Siu Sai Wan Plaza, completed in 1989, comprises
                             • Shopping centre
                             • Car park block
                             • Car park and car parking spaces in Siu Sai Wan Estate, phase 3
                             • Integrated Commercial Accommodation – post office in Sui Yick House
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 558

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 176 – 34,606/418,894 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 26 March 2007

 24     Fu Tung Plaza
                             104,879                      537                 114.3               4.45%             2,246.6        5.09%

        Brief Description:   Fu Tung Plaza, completed in 1997, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Car park block
                             • Open car parks and associated areas in Fu Tung Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 537

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tung Chung Town Lot No. 40 – 44,218/209,377 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 30 April 2008

 25     Chung On Shopping Centre
                             82,430                       995                 101.9               4.44%             2,049.6        4.97%

        Brief Description:   Chung On Shopping Centre, completed in 1996, comprises
                             • Commercial car park block with roof
                             • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation in Chung Ping House
                             • Open car parks in Chung On Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 995

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 544 - 41,385/223,886 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005




160    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                               Valuation Report




                                                                                            Income
                                                                      Annual Net         Capitalisation                            Analysis
                           Internal                                    Passing                                   Value as at
                           Floor Area               Car Park            Income           Capitalisation        31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces          (HKD Million)           Rate              (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
26    Tin Shui Shopping Centre
                           74,948                      577                102.1              4.40%                 2,029.4          5.03%

      Brief Description:   Tin Shui Shopping Centre, completed in 1992, comprises
                           • Commercial car park block and internally connected commercial/car park block
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Tin Shui Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 577

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 39 - 34,646/599,404 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 5 September 2007

27    Tak Tin Plaza
                           97,580                      754                90.8               4.47%                 1,968.1          4.61%

      Brief Description:   Tak Tin Plaza, completed in 1991, comprises
                           • Commercial block
                           • Car park block A
                           • Car park block B
                           • Car park block C in Tak Hong House
                           • Integrated HA Accommodation in Tak King House
                           • Open Car Parks – adjacent to Tak Shing House
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 754

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6326 – 25,782/308,756 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

28    Sha Kok Commercial Centre
                           96,488                      662                94.6               4.34%                 1,965.2          4.81%

      Brief Description:   Sha Kok Commercial Centre, completed in 1980, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park building
                           • Cooked food stalls
                           • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation – shops in Osprey House and Sand Martin House and open car parks
                           in Sha Kok Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 662

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 552 – 32,438/340,309 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 3 July 2008

29    Oi Man Plaza
                           183,846                     808                88.3               4.48%                 1,923.0          4.59%

      Brief Description:   Oi Man Plaza, completed in 1975, comprises
                           • Multi Storey commercial/car park accommodation including garage buildings A to D
                           • Commercial block 1 – cooked food stalls
                           • Commercial block 2 – fresh market
                           • Shop units within Chiu Man House, Hong Man House and Chung Man House
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Oi Man Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 808

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 9826 - 54,395/204,983 equal and undivided shares of and in Remaining Portion
                           Government lease: 75 years commencing 1 April 1968




                                                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       161
Valuation Report




                                                                                                  Income
                                                                           Annual Net          Capitalisation                               Analysis
                             Internal                                       Passing                                   Value as at
                             Floor Area                 Car Park             Income            Capitalisation       31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                     Spaces           (HKD Million)            Rate             (HKD Million)         Initial Yield
 30     Choi Wan Commercial Complex
                             161,150                      859                  90.5                4.44%                1,908.7              4.74%

        Brief Description:   Choi Wan Commercial Complex, completed in 1980, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block 1
                             • Commercial/car park block 2
                             • Commercial block 1
                             • Commercial block 2 shops and cooked food stalls in Fei Fung House
                             • Open car parks, associated accommodation and integrated accommodation in Choi Wan Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 859
                             The total IFA of the retail units available for letting is 167,585 sf, the Properties have recently undergone renovation
                             works. We have been advised that the total IFA of the retail units will be adjusted to 161,150 sf.

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6461 – 61,003/394,552 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining
                             Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 December 2008

 31     Nan Fung Plaza
                             81,246                         0                  77.7                4.00%                1,851.7              4.19%

        Brief Description:   Nan Fung Plaza, completed in 1999, comprises
                             • 187 commercial units
                             • Kindergarten
                             • External wall advertising spaces

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 23 – 154,634/1,485,995 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: New Grant No. 8648 for a term commencing 21 November 1995 to 30 June 2047

 32     Fu Shin Shopping Centre
                             105,549                      525                  82.9                4.36%                1,824.6              4.54%

        Brief Description:   Fu Shin Shopping Centre, completed in 1986, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park building
                             • Cooked food stalls
                             • Open car parking and associated areas in Fu Shin Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 525

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 189 – 33,761/330,620 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005

 33     Homantin Plaza
                             101,179                      299                  86.2                4.43%                1,764.4              4.89%

        Brief Description:   Homantin Plaza, completed in 2001, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park building
                             • Car park building in Ho Man Tin Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 299

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Kowloon Inland Lot No. 11119 – 3,411/57,202 equal and undivided shares in Section A, and 20,327/214,270 equal
                             and undivided shares in the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 20 November 1998




162    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                     Valuation Report




                                                                                                Income
                                                                         Annual Net          Capitalisation                                Analysis
                           Internal                                       Passing                                   Value as at
                           Floor Area                 Car Park             Income            Capitalisation       31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                     Spaces           (HKD Million)            Rate             (HKD Million)          Initial Yield
34    Tai Yuen Commercial Centre
                           136,435                      594                  78.5                4.42%                 1,752.4              4.48%

      Brief Description:   Tai Yuen Commercial Centre, completed in 1980, comprises
                           • Commercial block A
                           • Commercial block B
                           • Car park block
                           • Shops within Tai Man House, Tai Tak House and Tai Wing House
                           • Associated areas, pump room and open car parks in Tai Yuen Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 594

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 192 – 38,718/396,392 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 June 2007

35    Hin Keng Shopping Centre
                           94,383                       636                   81.8               4.36%                 1,733.5              4.72%

      Brief Description:   Hin Keng Shopping Centre, completed in 1987, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park complex
                           • Cooked food stalls
                           • Open car parks in Hing Keng Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 636
                           The total IFA of the retail units available for letting is 94,374 sf, the Properties have recently undergone asset
                           enhancement works. We have been advised that the total IFA of the retail units will be adjusted to 94,383 sf.

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 503 – 37,320/396,392 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 10 February 2000

36    Heng On Commercial Centre
                           114,747                      585                   77.6                4.32%                1,723.5              4.50%

      Brief Description:   Heng On Commercial Centre, completed in 1987, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park block
                           • Associated areas and lorry parking in Heng On Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 585

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 500 – 39,206/40,831 equal and undivided shares in Section C, and 812/247,314 equal and
                           undivided shares in the Remaining Portion
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 April 1998




                                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements           163
Valuation Report




                                                                                              Income
                                                                        Annual Net         Capitalisation                         Analysis
                             Internal                                    Passing                                   Value as at
                             Floor Area               Car Park            Income           Capitalisation        31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces          (HKD Million)           Rate              (HKD Million)   Initial Yield
 37     Shun Lee Commercial Centre
                             201,691                     731                 79.3              4.46%                1,722.7        4.60%

        Brief Description:   Shun Lee Commercial Centre, completed in 1978, comprises
                             • Commercial complex I
                             • Commercial complex II
                             • Car park block A
                             • Car park block B
                             • Car park block C
                             • Shop units within Lee Foo House, Lee Hong House, Lee Yat House and Lee Yip House
                             • Open car parks in Shun Lee Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 731

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6465 – 56,354/295,872 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 31 March 2010

 38     Yu Chui Shopping Centre
                             112,784                    1,175               78.5               4.21%                1,675.7        4.68%

        Brief Description:   Yu Chui Shopping Centre, completed in 2001, comprises
                             • Commercial complex
                             • Car park and ancillary facilities block
                             • Loading/unloading spaces in Yu Chui Court
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,175

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 462 – 48,967/361,200 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 May 2001

 39     Lek Yuen Plaza
                             106,208                     438                68.8               4.23%                1,640.5        4.20%

        Brief Description:   Lek Yuen Plaza, completed in 1976, comprises
                             • Commercial car park block
                             • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation within Wing Shui House, Wah Fung House, Fu Yu House, Fook Hoi
                                House and Kwai Wo House
                             • Open car parking and associated areas in Lek Yuen Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 438

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 550 – 28,600/199,774 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 7 May 2007




164    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                Valuation Report




                                                                                              Income
                                                                       Annual Net          Capitalisation                           Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                   Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park            Income            Capitalisation       31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)            Rate             (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
40    Kwong Yuen Shopping Centre
                           81,542                       736                 76.2               4.34%               1,604.7           4.75%

      Brief Description:   Kwong Yuen Shopping Centre, completed in 1991, comprises
                           • Commercial complex – commercial blocks 1 to 5
                           • Car park block no. 1 – including fresh market
                           • Car park block no. 2
                           • Open car parking in Kwong Yuen Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 736

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 506 – 29,929/279,026 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 February 2001

41    Stanley Plaza
                           98,382                       411                 66.7               4.15%               1,603.3           4.16%

      Brief Description:   Stanley Plaza, completed in 1999 and 2000, comprises
                           • Portion 1, commercial/car park block, Murray House, Village Square
                           • Portion 2, open car parks in Ma Hang Estate
                           • Portion 3, shops and basement car park in Ma Hang Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 411

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Stanley Inland Lot No. 98 – 37,045/116,974 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 11 June 2009

42    Po Tat Shopping Centre
                           82,838                      1,083                76.9               4.30%               1,587.4           4.85%

      Brief Description:   Po Tat Shopping Centre, completed in 2002, comprises
                           • Commercial centre
                           • Car park podium I
                           • Car park podium II
                           • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation in Tat Cheung House
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,083

      Title Details:       Associated areas in Po Tat Estate
                           Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6470 – 75,195/546,029 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 9 April 2009




                                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      165
Valuation Report




                                                                                                   Income
                                                                           Annual Net           Capitalisation                               Analysis
                             Internal                                       Passing                                    Value as at
                             Floor Area                 Car Park             Income             Capitalisation       31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                     Spaces           (HKD Million)             Rate             (HKD Million)          Initial Yield
 43     Tsui Ping North Shopping Circuit
                             113,912                       421                  74.0                4.22%                1,570.1                  4.71%

        Brief Description:   Tsui Ping North Shopping Circuit, completed in 1990, comprises
                             • Commercial complex
                             • Car park block
                             • Integrated HA accommodation in Tsui Tsz House, Tsui Lau House, Tsui Pak House, Tsui On House, Tsui Yue House and
                                Tsui To House
                             • Open car parks in Tsui Ping (North) Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 421

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Kwun Tong Inland lot No. 754 – 31,542/345,220 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 24 January 2002

 44     Sun Chui Shopping Centre
                             75,506                        620                  66.2                4.28%                1,415.3              4.68%

        Brief Description:   Sun Chui Shopping Centre, completed in 1983, comprises
                             • Commercial centre
                             • fresh market
                             • Car park 1
                             • Car park 2
                             • Car park 3
                             • Cooked food stalls
                             • Integrated HA accommodation in Sun Yee House
                             • Open car parks in Sun Chui Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 620

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 554 – 27,934/395,903 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 25 May 2009

 45     Fung Tak Shopping Centre
                             71,917                        487                  62.2                4.29%                1,336.1                  4.65%

        Brief Description:   Fung Tak Shopping Centre, completed in 1991, comprises
                             • Commercial centre
                             • Car park building
                             • Shops in Bang Fung House and Ngan Fung House
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 487
                             The total IFA of the retail units available for letting is 71,998 sf, the Properties have recently undergone asset
                             enhancement works. We have been advised that the total IFA of the retail units will be adjusted to 71,917 sf.

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6318 – Sections A and C, and 1,070/202,138 equal and undivided shares of the
                             Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 April 1998




166    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                               Valuation Report




                                                                                             Income
                                                                       Annual Net         Capitalisation                           Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                  Value as at
                           Floor Area               Car Park             Income           Capitalisation       31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces           (HKD Million)           Rate             (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
46    Nam Cheong Place
                           56,541                      547                 64.0               4.33%               1,319.2           4.85%

      Brief Description:   Nam Cheong Place, (formerly known as Fu Cheong Shopping Centre), completed in 2002, comprises
                           • Multi storey commercial accommodation
                           • Ancillary facilities block - integrated commercial/car parking accommodation
                           • Multi storey car park accommodation
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 547

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6437 – 31,469/355,647 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 September 2005

47    Fu Tai Shopping Centre
                           61,270                      635                 62.6               4.18%               1,315.5           4.76%

      Brief Description:   Fu Tai Shopping Centre, completed in 2000, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park accommodation
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Fu Tai Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 635

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 418 – 38,769/382,833 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 12 March 2001

48    Tai Hing Commercial Centre
                           101,698                     672                 58.7               4.42%               1,304.2           4.50%

      Brief Description:   Tai Hing Commercial Centre, completed in 1977, comprises
                           • Commercial block 1
                           • Commercial block 2
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Tai Hing Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 672

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 484 – 27,288/474,882 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 2009

49    Mei Lam Shopping Centre
                           75,843                      375                 57.2               4.24%               1,257.4           4.55%

      Brief Description:   Mei Lam Shopping Centre, (formerly Mei Lam Commercial Centre), completed in 1981, comprises
                           • Commercial complex
                           • Multi storey car park
                           • Commercial block – cooked food stalls
                           • Portions of Integrated HA accommodation – shops in Mei Fung House
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 375

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 558 – 29,125/273,313 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 22 March 2010




                                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      167
Valuation Report




                                                                                               Income
                                                                         Annual Net         Capitalisation                         Analysis
                             Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                             Floor Area                Car Park            Income           Capitalisation      31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)           Rate            (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
 50     Long Ping Commercial Centre
                             92,061                      564                 62.6               4.50%               1,250.3          5.01%

        Brief Description:   Long Ping Commercial Centre, completed in 1987, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Car park/community centre block
                             • Shops in Yuk Ping House, Shek Ping House and Kang Ping House
                             • Associated areas and open car parks in Long ping Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 564

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Yuen Long Town Lot No. 521 – 32,958/498,969 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 15 March 2006

 51     Po Lam Shopping Centre
                             86,730                      398                 60.1               4.45%               1,243.6         4.83%

        Brief Description:   Po Lam Shopping Centre, completed in 1989, comprises
                             • Commercial complex I
                             • Commercial complex II
                             • Car park block
                             • Integrated HA accommodation – shops in Po Ning House and Po Kan House
                             • Open car parks
                             • Electricity sub station in Po Lam Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 398

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 88 – 25,495/341,494 equal and undivided parts
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 19 October 2004

 52     Oi Tung Shopping Centre
                             81,029                      634                 59.4               4.36%               1,222.9         4.86%

        Brief Description:   Oi Tung Shopping Centre, completed in 2000, comprises
                             • Commercial centre
                             • Multi storey commercial/car park accommodation incorporating welfare units in Oi Sin House
                             • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation and associated areas in Oi Tung Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 634

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Shau Kei Wan Inland Lot No. 849 – 34,910/194,191 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 September 2005

 53     Un Chau Shopping Centre
                             50,180                      213                 52.4               3.87%                   1,177.5     4.45%

        Brief Description:   Un Chau Shopping Centre, completed in 1999, comprises
                             • Commercial podium
                             • Car park podium
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 213

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6478 – 17,388/355,830 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 11 March 2010




168    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                  Valuation Report




                                                                                              Income
                                                                       Annual Net          Capitalisation                             Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                     Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park            Income            Capitalisation         31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)            Rate               (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
54    Lung Hang Commercial Centre
                           63,197                      440                  55.3               4.25%                 1,167.7           4.74%

      Brief Description:   Lung Hang Commercial Centre, completed in 1983, comprises
                           • Commercial complex
                           • Fresh market
                           • Car park block
                           • Cooked food stalls
                           • Open car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 440

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 557 – 23,047/289,255 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 31 March 2010

55    Fu Heng Shopping Centre
                           55,030                       517                 55.2               4.39%                 1,162.3           4.75%

      Brief Description:   Fu Heng Shopping Centre, completed in 1990, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park building
                           • Multipurpose complex, excluding indoor recreational centre
                           • Car park block
                           • Open car parks in Fu Heng Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 517

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 178 – 22,900/358,013 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 10 February 2000

56    Kwong Fuk Commercial Centre
                           69,768                      461                  52.5               4.45%                 1,157.1           4.54%

      Brief Description:   Kwong Fuk Commercial Centre, completed in 1983, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park/fresh market complex
                           • Shops in Kwong Yan House
                           • Cooked food stalls
                           • Open car parks and associated areas in Kwong Fuk Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 461

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 196 – 23,946/351,384 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 March 2010

57    Hing Wah Plaza
                           80,525                      268                  56.7               4.38%                 1,143.2           4.96%

      Brief Description:   Hing Wah Plaza, completed in 2000, comprises
                           • Commercial centre
                           • Car park block
                           • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation in May Wah House
                           • Associated areas in Hing Wah Estate
                           • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                           • IFA before AE for letting: 82,011 sq ft
                           • IFA after AE for letting: 80,525 sq ft
                           • Number of Car Park Spaces: 268

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 177 – 27,675/160,197 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 February 2007


                                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements        169
Valuation Report




                                                                                                  Income
                                                                           Annual Net          Capitalisation                                Analysis
                             Internal                                       Passing                                   Value as at
                             Floor Area                 Car Park             Income            Capitalisation       31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                     Spaces           (HKD Million)            Rate             (HKD Million)          Initial Yield
 58     Wan Tsui Commercial Complex
                             82,792                        359                 52.9                4.39%                1,084.4               4.88%

        Brief Description:   Wan Tsui Commercial Complex, completed in 1978, comprises
                             • Commercial block
                             • Fresh market/car park block
                             • Car Park block
                             • Car park podium
                             • Shops in Yee Tsui House and Shing Tsui House
                             • Government clinic in Lee Tsui House
                             • Open carparks and associated areas in Wan Tsui Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 359

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 180 - 26,208/222,534 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 31 March 2010

 59     Maritime Bay
                             41,017                         0                  49.3                4.00%                 1,082.1              4.55%

        Brief Description:   Maritime Bay, completed in 1998, comprises
                             • Commercial accommodation

        Title Details:       Held by: Great Land (HK) Limited
                             Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 49 – 573/5,411 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: New grant No. SK 8530 for a term commencing 27 March 1995 and expiring 30 June 2047

 60     Lok Wah Commercial Centre
                             98,078                       650                  50.6                 4.31%               1,076.6               4.70%

        Brief Description:   Lok Wah Commercial Centre, completed in 1985, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park complex
                             • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation in Po Wah House, Kan Wah House, Lap Wah House, Tat Wah House,
                                Ning Wah House and Shun Wah House
                             • Open car parks and associated areas in Lok Wah (North) Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 650

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6460 – 38,134/513,788 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 9 September 2008

 61     Yiu On Shopping Centre
                             50,698                       547                  49.2                4.27%                1,004.6               4.90%

        Brief Description:   Yiu On Shopping Centre, completed in 1989, comprises
                             • Multipurpose complex – shops, fresh market and parking spaces
                             • Open car parks in Yiu On Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 547
                             The total IFA of the retail units available for letting is 50,765 sf, the Properties have recently undergone asset
                             enhancement works. We have been advised that the total IFA of the retail units will be adjusted to 50,698 sf

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 505 – 12,616/306,501 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999




170    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                              Valuation Report




                                                                                             Income
                                                                       Annual Net         Capitalisation                           Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park            Income           Capitalisation      31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)           Rate            (HKD Million)      Initial Yield
62    Cheung Wah Shopping Centre
                           72,204                      353                 46.3               4.34%               978.8             4.73%

      Brief Description:   Cheung Wah shopping Centre, completed in 1984, comprises
                           • Commercial centre
                           • Car park 1
                           • Car park 2
                           • Cooked food stalls on rooftop
                           • Fresh market
                           • Shops in Cheung Lai House and Cheung Chung House
                           • Open car parks in Cheung Wah Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 353

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot No. 226 – 26,310/299,811 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 16 June 20014

63    Hoi Fu Shopping Centre
                           40,360                      225                 43.6               4.20%               956.0             4.56%

      Brief Description:   Hoi Fu Shopping Centre, completed in 1999, comprises
                           • Block E portions - commercial building
                           • Block D portions - car parking, elderly housing, care home
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 225

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 11141 – 9,413/204,120 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 16 July 1999

64    Hiu Lai Shopping Centre
                           34,560                      637                 45.3               4.32%               940.9             4.81%

      Brief Description:   Hiu Lai Sopping Centre, completed in 1996, comprises
                           • Commercial car park block in Hiu Tin House
                           • Kindergartens in Hiu On House
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 637

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No 6205 – Section A, and 1,000/249,375 equal and undivided shares in the Remaining
                           Portion
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 11 November 1994 to 30 June 2047




                                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      171
Valuation Report




                                                                                               Income
                                                                         Annual Net         Capitalisation                            Analysis
                             Internal                                     Passing                                   Value as at
                             Floor Area               Car Park             Income           Capitalisation        31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces           (HKD Million)           Rate              (HKD Million)      Initial Yield
 65     Sam Shing Commercial Centre
                             69,580                      176                 40.3               4.38%                849.8              4.75%

        Brief Description:   Sam Shing Commercial Centre, completed in 1980, comprises
                             • Commercial complex
                             • Fresh market
                             • Cooked food stalls
                             • Shop stalls
                             • Integrated commercial/car park in Chun Yu House, Moon Yu House and Fung Yu House
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 176

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 481 – 14,434/115,271 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 22 March 2010

 66     Tin Tsz Shopping Centre
                             36,865                      289                 40.1               4.26%                 824.7            4.86%

        Brief Description:   Tin Tsz Shopping Centre, completed in 1997, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park block
                             • Car park block
                             • Shops in Tsz Ping House
                             • Associated areas and car parks in Tin Tsz Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 289

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 40 – 17,511/202,482 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 June 2007

 67     Hing Tung Shopping Centre
                             53,034                      420                 26.8               4.36%                 579.4            4.62%

        Brief Description:   Hing Tung Shopping Centre, completed in 1995, comprises
                             • Commercial car park block
                             • Lift Tower No. 1 – associated areas and shop unit
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 420

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Shau Kei Wan Inland Lot No. 851 – 23,786/155,258 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 February 2010

 68     Kin Sang Shopping Centre
                             36,623                      273                 25.5               4.26%                 560.4            4.54%

        Brief Description:   Kin Sang Shopping Centre, completed in 1990, comprises
                             • Commercial block
                             • Car park block
                             • Associated areas in Kin Sang Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 273

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 441 – 14,100/28,621 equal and undivided shares of and in Section A
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 April 1998




172    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                              Valuation Report




                                                                                             Income
                                                                       Annual Net         Capitalisation                          Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                           Floor Area               Car Park             Income           Capitalisation      31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces           (HKD Million)           Rate            (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
69    Yiu Tung Shopping Centre
                           63,147                      685                 23.7               4.45%                   512.4        4.62%

      Brief Description:   Yiu Tung Shopping Centre, completed in 1994, comprises
                           • Commercial centre
                           • Car park block no. 1
                           • Car park block no. 2
                           • Unit in Yiu Tung Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 685

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Shau Kei Wan Inland Lot No. 852 – 35,548/381,831 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 March 2010

70    Ping Tin Shopping Centre
                           24,344                      406                 25.1               4.51%               510.0            4.92%

      Brief Description:   Ping Tin Shopping Centre, completed in 1997, comprises
                           • Commercial centre
                           • Car park block
                           • Ancillary facilities block
                           • Open car parks in Ping Tin Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 406

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6446 – 16,966/362,174 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 30 March 2009

71    Retail and Car Park within Tung Tau Estate
                           38,060                      493                 21.3               4.44%               484.0            4.41%

      Brief Description:   Tung Tau Estate - Retail and Car Park, completed in 1982, comprises
                           • Commercial complex
                           • Car park block
                           • Shop units in front of the commercial complex
                           • Shops in Cheung Tung House, Hong Tung House, On Tung House, Yue Tung House and Wong Tung House
                           • Open car parks in Tung Tau Estate
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 493

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6413 – 16,942/349,186 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 24 January 2002




                                                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      173
Valuation Report




                                                                                               Income
                                                                         Annual Net         Capitalisation                              Analysis
                             Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                             Floor Area               Car Park             Income           Capitalisation      31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces           (HKD Million)           Rate            (HKD Million)         Initial Yield
 72     Shun On Commercial Centre
                             80,993                      459                 20.1               4.43%                467.1               4.31%

        Brief Description:   Shun On Commercial Centre, completed in 1978, comprises
                             • Commercial block 1 - portions
                             • Commercial block 2 - portions
                             • Commercial car park block
                             • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation in On Kwan House, On Chung House and On Yat House
                             • Commercial facilities, associated areas and open car parks in Shun On Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 459

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6472 – 20,130/179,429 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 July 2008

 73     Car Park within Kin Ming Estate
                             0                           763                 20.1               5.00%                379.2               5.31%

        Brief Description:   Kin Ming Estate – Car Park, completed in 2003, comprises
                             • Car parking in the commercial/car park building
                             • Car parking spaces in Kin Ming Estate
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 763

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 109 – 39,133/420,644 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 15 March 2010

 74     Yin Lai Court Shopping Centre
                             10,584                      150                 18.3               4.26%                377.9               4.84%

        Brief Description:   Yin Lai Court Shopping Centre, completed in 1991, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 150

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 389 – Section A
                             Government lease: for a term commencing 21 September 1990 to 30 June 2047

 75     Retail and Car Park within Cheung On Estate
                             3,915                       484                 18.0               4.57%                363.8               4.95%

        Brief Description:   Cheung On Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1988, comprises
                             • Car park 1
                             • Car park 2
                             • Shop units and medical centre in On Tao House
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 484

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 160 – Sections D and F, and 403/293,522 equal and undivided shares of and in the
                             Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 April 1998




174    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                Valuation Report




                                                                                             Income
                                                                       Annual Net         Capitalisation                            Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                   Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park            Income           Capitalisation        31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)           Rate              (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
76    Retail and Car Park within Cheung Wang Estate
                           11,532                      333                 18.6                 4.60%                355.5           5.23%

      Brief Description:   Cheung Wang Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                           • Multi storey car park
                           • Commercial car park block
                           • Associated areas and open car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 333

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 178 – 13,010/259,640 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 25 March 2009

77    Retail and Car Park within Hong Pak Court
                           17,956                      549                  16.1                4.39%                345.1           4.67%

      Brief Description:   Hong Pak Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                           • Car park building incorporating two kindergarten units
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 549

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6095 – Section A
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 25 September 1991 to 30 June 2047

78    Car Park within Tin Yuet Estate
                           0                           560                  13.2                4.40%                277.0           4.76%

      Brief Description:   Tin Yuet Estate – Car Park, completed in 2000, comprises
                           • Car park building
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 560

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tin Shui Wai No. 41 – portion of 50,802/297,568 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 June 2010

79    Retail and Car Park within Lok Wah (South) Estate
                           16,086                      226                 12.2                 4.63%                264.2           4.62%

      Brief Description:   Lok Wah (South) Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1982, comprises
                           • Fresh market stalls at Chin Wah House
                           • Car park block
                           • Cooked food stalls near On Wah House
                           • Shop units in On Wah House
                           • Associated areas and open car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 226

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6460 – 13,231/513,788 and portion of 667/513,788 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 9 September 2008

80    Po Hei Court Commercial Centre
                           13,686                       0                   9.8                 3.30%                263.6           3.72%

      Brief Description:   Po Hei Court Commercial Centre, completed in 1993, comprises
                           • Retail units in block A and block B

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6117 – 1,354/20,256 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 17 July 1992 to 30 June 2047”



                                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       175
Valuation Report




                                                                                                Income
                                                                         Annual Net          Capitalisation                            Analysis
                             Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                             Floor Area                Car Park            Income            Capitalisation     31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)            Rate           (HKD Million)        Initial Yield
 81     Retail and Car Park within Wo Ming Court
                             7,342                       379                  11.2               4.30%              245.6               4.55%

        Brief Description:   Wo Ming Court – Retail and Car park, completed in 1999, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             • Kindergarten unit in Wo Yat House
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 379

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 52 – Section A and 728/82,796 equal and undivided shares of and in the
                             Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 November 1997

 82     Retail and Car Park within Ko Chun Court
                             7,332                       323                  11.6               4.47%              244.3               4.76%

        Brief Description:   Ko Chun Court, Retail and Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                             • Commercial/car park building
                             • Kindergarten in Chun Moon House
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 323

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6189 – Section A and 530/81,791 equal and undivided shares of and in the
                             Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: for a term commencing 3 June 1993 to 30 June 2047

 83     Car Park within Ka Tin Court
                             0                           348                  11.4               4.40%              232.7               4.90%

        Brief Description:   Ka Tin Court – Car Park, completed in 1988, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 348

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 290 – Section A
                             Government lease: for a term of 99 years less 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to 30 June 2047

 84     Car Park within Wah Lai Estate
                             0                            411                 11.6               4.60%              227.9               5.09%

        Brief Description:   Wah Lai Estate – Car park, completed in 2001, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 411

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 445 – 21,700/102,614 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion of
                             Section A
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 25 May 2001

 85     Retail and Car Park within Ching Wah Court
                             9,118                       348                  10.6               4.39%              227.0               4.65%

        Brief Description:   Ching Wang Court – Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 348

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 137 – 2,516/36,665 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 20 April 1999



176    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                 Valuation Report




                                                                                              Income
                                                                       Annual Net          Capitalisation                             Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                  Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park            Income            Capitalisation      31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)            Rate            (HKD Million)        Initial Yield
86    Retail and Car Park within Tong Ming Court
                           21,283                      291                  9.2                 4.29%               219.9              4.19%

      Brief Description:   Tong Ming Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                           • Car park building incorporating shops and a children and youth centre
                           • Day nursery in Tong Wong House
                           • Kindergarten in Tong Fu House
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 291

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 54 – Section A and 1,153/98,512 equal and undivided shares of and in the
                           Remaining Portion
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 26 June 1997 to 30 June 2047

87    Car Park within Tin King Estate
                           0                           380                  10.5                4.30%               219.5              4.79%

      Brief Description:   Tin King Estate – Car Park, completed in 1989, comprises
                           • Car park block
                           • Open car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 380

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 444 – 4,036/197,161 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

88    Retail and Car Park within Hong Yat Court
                           7,040                       355                  9.8                 4.39%               209.5              4.68%

      Brief Description:   Hong Yat Court – Retail and Car park, completed in 1993, comprises
                           • Car park building incorporating a kindergarten
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 355

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6329 – 4,582/99,200 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 5 February 2001

89    Retail and Car Park within Tin Yat Estate
                           8,784                       446                  10.0                4.56%               207.1              4.83%

      Brief Description:   Tin Yat Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                           • Car park building incorporating a kindergarten
                           • Open car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 446

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 42 – 15,485/22,221 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 October 2008

90    Car Park within Wang Fuk Court
                           0                           408                  9.2                 4.10%              204.9               4.48%

      Brief Description:   Wang Fuk Court – Car Park, completed in 1983, comprises
                           • Car park building
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 408

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 27 – Section A
                           Government lease: for a term of 99 years less the last 3 days, commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to 30 June
                           2047

                                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements         177
Valuation Report




                                                                                               Income
                                                                         Annual Net         Capitalisation                              Analysis
                             Internal                                     Passing                                    Value as at
                             Floor Area                Car Park            Income           Capitalisation         31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)           Rate               (HKD Million)      Initial Yield
 91     Retail and Car Park within Tin Wah Estate
                             1,476                       287                  9.9                  4.36%               204.0             4.84%

        Brief Description:   Tin Wah Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                             • Ancillary facilities block shops and car parking spaces
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 287

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 43 – 11,225/236,423 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 12 May 2010

 92     Car Park within Tsz Man Estate
                             0                           364                 11.0                  4.90%               202.4             5.45%

        Brief Description:   Tsz Man Estate – Car Park, completed in 1994, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             • Associated areas
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 364

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6441 – 9,121/139,291 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 February 2008

 93     Car Park within Ning Fung Court
                             0                           299                  8.9                  4.20%               192.7             4.60%

        Brief Description:   Ning Fung – Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 299

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 477 – 3,072/78,707 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 15 October 1999

 94     Retail and Car Park within Tsui Wan Estate
                             13,631                      182                  8.7                  4.38%               190.5             4.54%

        Brief Description:   Tsui Wan Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                             • Retail units – free standing
                             • Commercial accommodation
                             • Car park block
                             • Open car parks
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 182

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 166 – 3,254/123,068 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

 95     Car Park within Ming Nga Court
                             0                           345                  8.2                  4.00%               184.1             4.47%

        Brief Description:   Ming Nga Court – Car Park, completed in 1985, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 345

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 36 – Section A
                             Government lease: for a term of 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to 30 June
                             2047



178    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                 Valuation Report




                                                                                                Income
                                                                       Annual Net            Capitalisation                           Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                  Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park            Income              Capitalisation    31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)              Rate          (HKD Million)        Initial Yield
96    Car Park within Ying Ming Court
                           0                           274                  8.1                 4.30%               173.8              4.63%

      Brief Description:   Ying Ming Court – Car Park, completed in 1989, comprises
                           • Car port building
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 274

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Junk Bay Town Lot No. 4 – Section A
                           Government lease: for a term of 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to 30 June
                           2047

97    Car Park within Po Pui Court
                           0                           277                  8.2                 4.30%               173.6              4.74%

      Brief Description:   Po Pui Court – Car Park, completed in 1995, comprises
                           • Car park building
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 277

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Kwun Tong Inland Lot No. 728 – Section A
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 8 February 1994 to 30 June 2047

98    Retail and Car Park within Yan Ming Court
                           7,019                       262                  7.2                 4.38%               162.1              4.44%

      Brief Description:   Yan Ming Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1990, comprises
                           • Commercial/car park centre
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 262

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Junk Bay Town Lot No. 9 – Section A
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 22 January 1987 to 30 June 2047

99    Car Park within Tsui Ping South Estate
                           5,275                       229                  8.5                 5.05%               155.3              5.49%

      Brief Description:   Tsui Ping South Estate – Car Park, completed in 1990, comprises
                           • Car park block
                           • Open car park
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 229

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Kwun Tong Inland Lot No. 755 – 6,785/291,576 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 27 November 2009

100   Car Park within Yue On Court
                           0                           296                  6.9                 4.30%              148.3               4.65%

      Brief Description:   Yue On Court – Car Park, completed in 1988, comprises
                           • Car park building incorporating an office
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 296

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Ap Lei Chau Inland Lot No. 117 – Section A
                           Government lease: 75 years commencing 1 February 1982, renewable for a further 75 years




                                                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       179
Valuation Report




                                                                                               Income
                                                                         Annual Net         Capitalisation                             Analysis
                             Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                             Floor Area               Car Park             Income           Capitalisation      31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces           (HKD Million)           Rate            (HKD Million)        Initial Yield
 101    Car Park within Lai On Estate
                             0                           181                  7.0              4.80%                   140.6            5.01%

        Brief Description:   Lai On Estate – Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             • Open car parks
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 181

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6482 – 5,099/90,111 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 6 March 2009

 102    Retail and Car Park within Tsz Oi Court
                             13,306                      199                 6.4                4.73%                  137.0            4.66%

        Brief Description:   Tsz Oi Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in phases from 1997 to 2000, comprises
                             • Car park building incorporating a kindergarten
                             • Kindergarten in Phase III
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 199

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             1.Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6211 – Section A
                             Government lease: for a term commencing 9 June 1995 to 30 June 2047
                             2.Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6265 – 699/113,761 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 7 May 1999

 103    Retail and Car Park within Nam Cheong Estate
                             8,112                       156                  5.8               4.31%                  134.0            4.34%

        Brief Description:   Nam Cheong Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1989, comprises
                             • Car park block
                             • Shops in Cheong Shun House, Cheong Yat House, Cheong On House and Cheong Yin House
                             • Open car parks
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 156

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6427 – 3,670/109,764 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 August 2005

 104    Car Park within Kam On Court
                             0                           238                  6.3               4.30%                  133.1            4.73%

        Brief Description:   Kam On Court – Car Park, completed in 1987, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 238

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 283 – Section A
                             Government lease: 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to 30 June 2047




180    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                 Valuation Report




                                                                                             Income
                                                                       Annual Net         Capitalisation                              Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                           Floor Area                Car Park            Income           Capitalisation      31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces          (HKD Million)           Rate            (HKD Million)         Initial Yield
105   Car Park within Yee Kok Court
                           0                           240                  5.6                4.10%               129.1               4.35%

      Brief Description:   Yee Kok Court – Car Park, completed in 1981, comprises
                           • Car park building
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 240

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 5911 – Section A
                           Government lease: 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to 30 June 2047

106   Retail and Car Park within Lok Nga Court
                           12,616                      265                  5.3                4.13%               128.6               4.14%

      Brief Description:   Lok Nga Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1984, comprises
                           • Car park block incorporating an indoor sports hall
                           • Open car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 265

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 5969 – Section A and 1/28,952 equal and undivided shares of and in the
                           remaining portion
                           Government lease: for a term of 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to 30 June
                           2047

107   Car Park within Upper Ngau Tau Kok Estate
                           0                           228                  6.7                4.80%               128.5               5.22%

      Brief Description:   Upper Ngau Tau Kok Estate – Car Park, completed in 2002, comprises
                           • Car park building
                           • Associated areas
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 228

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6471 – 9,334/126,664 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 6 May 2008

108   Car Park within Sau Mau Ping (I) Estate
                           0                           395                  5.1                4.00%               124.6               4.10%

      Brief Description:   Sau Mau Ping (I) Estate – Car Park, completed in 2002, comprises
                           • Multi storey car park B
                           • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation
                           • Associated areas
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 395

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6453 – 14,364/833,450 and portion of 10/833,450 equal and undivided shares of
                           and in the Remaining Portion
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007




                                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements         181
Valuation Report




                                                                                                Income
                                                                          Annual Net         Capitalisation                            Analysis
                             Internal                                      Passing                                Value as at
                             Floor Area                Car Park             Income           Capitalisation     31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                    Spaces           (HKD Million)           Rate           (HKD Million)         Initial Yield
 109    Retail and Car Park within Sau Mau Ping (III) Estate
                             1,507                        205                 6.0                 4.53%              119.3               5.07%

        Brief Description:   Sau Mau Ping (III) Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1996, comprises
                             • Car park block incorporating a ground floor retail unit
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 205

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6453 – 7,222/833,450 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007

 110    Car Park within Ching Wang Court
                             0                            179                 5.2                 4.30%              114.9               4.53%

        Brief Description:   Ching Wang Court – Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                             • Car park building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 179

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 137 – 2,516/36,665 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 20 April 1999

 111    Retail and Car Park within Ying Fuk Court
                             786                          163                  5.3                4.54%              113.9              4.62%

        Brief Description:   Ying Fuk Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                             • Car park block incorporating a shop unit
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 163

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6266 – the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 7 May 1999

 112    Car Park within San Wai Court
                             0                            185                  5.1                4.30%              105.9              4.85%

        Brief Description:   San Wai Court – Car Park, completed in 1990, comprises
                             • Multi storey car park
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 185

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 326 – Section A
                             Government lease: for a term commencing 3 January 1992 to 30 June 2047

 113    Car Park within Yee Nga Court
                             0                            159                 4.5                 4.10%              103.4               4.32%

        Brief Description:   Yee Nga Court – Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                             • Car park
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 159

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 120, Section A
                             Government lease: for a term commencing 22 May 1991 to 30 June 2047




182    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                              Valuation Report




                                                                                            Income
                                                                       Annual Net        Capitalisation                           Analysis
                           Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                           Floor Area               Car Park             Income          Capitalisation       31 March 2020
No.   Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces           (HKD Million)          Rate             (HKD Million)     Initial Yield
114   Car Park within Tin Yau Court
                           0                           192                 4.6               4.30%                101.9            4.53%

      Brief Description:   Tin Yau Court – Car Park, completed in 1992, comprises
                           • Carport
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 192

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 10, Section A
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 23 January 1992 to 30 June 2047

115   Car Park within King Lai Court
                           0                           158                  3.8              4.20%                89.5             4.29%

      Brief Description:   King Lai Court – Car Park, completed in 1989, comprises
                           • Car park block
                           • Car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 158

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 5943 – Section A
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 4 March 1985 to 30 June 2047

116   Car Park within Fung Lai Court
                           0                           134                  3.3              4.10%                80.3             4.15%

      Brief Description:   Fung Lai Court – Car Park, completed in 1997, comprises
                           • Car park building
                           • Open car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 134

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6240–1,512/33,911 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: for a term commencing 7 June 1996 to 30 June 2047

117   Retail and Car Park within Hung Hom Estate
                           3,994                        45                 2.8               4.09%                73.7             3.85%

      Brief Description:   Hung Hom Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                           • Car park block
                           • Shops in Hung Fai House
                           • Open car parks
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 45

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: Hung Hom Inland Lot No. 554–1,573/51,548 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 August 2008

118   Car Park within Hong Keung Court
                           0                            93                  3.2              4.70%                67.2             4.74%

      Brief Description:   Hong Keung Court – Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                           • Car park block
                           • Office (self use)
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 93

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6239, the Remaining Portion
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 January 1999



                                                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      183
Valuation Report




                                                                                               Income
                                                                         Annual Net         Capitalisation                       Analysis
                             Internal                                     Passing                                 Value as at
                             Floor Area               Car Park             Income           Capitalisation      31 March 2020
 No.    Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces           (HKD Million)           Rate            (HKD Million)   Initial Yield
 119    Retail and Car Park within Tin Wang Court
                             9,946                       79                  2.6                  4.37%              61.7          4.17%

        Brief Description:   Tin Wang Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1992, comprises
                             • Car park block incorporating a kindergarten
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 79

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6131 – the Remaining Portion
                             Government lease: for a term commencing 21 May 1991 to 30 June 2047

 120    Retail and Car Park within Hong Shui Court
                             345                         102                 2.6                  4.30%              55.1         4.65%

        Brief Description:   Hong Shui Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                             • Car park block incorporating a commercial unit
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 102

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6227, Section A
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 May 1998

 121    Car Park within Kwai Hong Court
                             0                           88                  2.2                  4.50%              52.1          4.19%

        Brief Description:   Kwai Hong Court – Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                             • Car park Building
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 88

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 420–1,100/35,351 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: for a term commencing 1 March 1990 to 30 June 2047

 122    Car Park within Pang Ching Court
                             0                           67                  2.0                  4.70%              41.5          4.81%

        Brief Description:   Pang Ching Court – Car Park, completed in 1991, comprises
                             • Open car parks
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 67

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6121 – Section A
                             Government lease: for a term commencing 21 September 1990 to 30 June 2047

 123    Car Park within Lower Wong Tai Sin (I) Estate
                             0                           70                  1.6                  4.10%              34.4         4.52%

        Brief Description:   Lower Wong Tai Sin (I) Estate – Car Park, completed in 1982, comprises
                             • Open car parks
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 70

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6373 – 674/240,107 equal and undivided shares
                             Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 February 2001




184    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                              Valuation Report




                                                                                             Income
                                                                        Annual Net        Capitalisation                           Analysis
                            Internal                                     Passing                               Value as at
                            Floor Area               Car Park             Income          Capitalisation     31 March 2020
 No.   Properties           (sq ft)                   Spaces           (HKD Million)          Rate           (HKD Million)       Initial Yield
 124   Car Park within Chuk Yuen (North) Estate
                            0                            61                 1.0                 5.10%              20.8             4.60%

       Brief Description:   Chuk Yuen (North) Estate – Car Park, completed in 1987, comprises
                            • Open car parking areas
                            Number of Car Park Spaces: 61

       Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                            Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6327–687/364,071 equal and undivided shares
                            Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

 125   Retail and Car Park within Ko Yee Estate
                            485                         38                  0.6                 4.02%              14.5             4.18%

       Brief Description:   Ko Yee Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1994, comprises
                            • Car park block
                            • Commercial block
                            • Open car parks
                            Number of Car Park Spaces: 38

       Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                            Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6480–1,518/80,343 equal and undivided shares
                            Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 January 2010


The above Schedule of Values is a summary of the Full Valuation Report, a comprehensive version (in English) of which is
available for inspection at the registered office of the Manager.




                                                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      185
Valuation Report




Schedule of Values

                                                                                          Gross Floor Area        Value as at 31 March 2020
 No.    Properties                                                                             (sq ft)                 (HKD Million)
 126    The Quayside
                                                                                              883,127                     10,875.4*

        Brief Description:   The Quayside, completed in 2019, comprises
                             • Office Tower 1
                             • Office Tower 2
                             • Retail Podium
                             • Basement Car Park
                             Number of Car Park Spaces: 457

        Title Details:       Held by: Century Land Investment Limited
                             Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6512
                             Conditions of Sale No.20240: 50 years commencing 23 February 2015

        * Value breakdown for the two floors as self-used office is HKD1,253.9 million


                                                                                         Internal Floor Area      Value as at 31 March 2020
 No.    Properties                                                                             (sq ft)                 (HKD Million)
 127    700 Nathan Road, Mong Kok
                                                                                              176,563                      4,341.1

        Brief Description:   700 Nathan Road, formerly known as Trade and Industry Department Tower, renovated in 2017, comprises
                             • Retail Podium (T.O.P This is Our Place)
                             • Office Tower

        Title Details:       Held by: Link Monte Hong Kong Limited
                             Lot details: Kowloon Inland Lot No. 10470–24,750/25,000 equal and undivided shares
                             Conditions of Grant No.11419: 75 years commencing 30 May 1980


The above Schedule of Values is a summary of the Full Valuation Report, a comprehensive version (in English) of which is
available for inspection at the registered office of the Manager.




186    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                Valuation Report




Schedule of Values
PRC Properties

                                                                             Annual Net              Income
                                                                              Passing             Capitalisation     Value as at      Analysis
                           Retail GFA        Office GFA                        Income             Capitalisation   31 March 2020
 No. Properties              (sq m)            (sq m)       Car Park Spaces (RMB Million)              Rate        (RMB Million)     Initial Yield
 1   Link Square, Shanghai
                              7,375            75,780             226              322.1             4.29%            6,740.0          4.78%

     Brief Description: Link Square, Shanghai, completed in 2003, comprises
                        • Office Tower 1
                        • Office Tower 2
                        • Retail Podium
                        • Pavilion
                        • Basement Car Park
                        Number of Car Park Spaces: 226

     Title Details:     The Properties are held by 上海興邦房地產有限公司 (Shanghai Xing Bang Properties Co., Ltd.).
                        The land use rights were granted for terms of 50 years commencing on 16 May 2001 and expiring on 15 May 2051 for
                        composite uses.

 2   EC Mall, Beijing
                             55,423               0               367              156.5             4.50%            2,910.0           5.38%

     Brief Description: EC Mall, Beijing, completed in 2009, comprises
                        • Shopping Mall
                        • Basement Car Park
                        Number of Car Park Spaces: 367

     Title Details:     The Properties are held by 益颯美置業(天津)有限公司 (ECM Property Holding (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.).
                        The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 13 May 2011 and expiring on 12 May 2051 for
                        commercial uses.

 3   Metropolitan Plaza, Guangzhou
                             88,726               0               1,034             215.1            4.75%            4,350.0          4.94%

     Brief Description: Metropolitan Plaza, Guangzhou, completed in 2011, comprises
                        • Retail Mall Portion of The Riverside
                        • Basement Car Park
                        Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,034

     Title Details:     The Properties are registered under strata-title ownership of 271 Realty Title Certificates under the name of Guangzhou Qian
                        Qing Hui Real Estate Company Ltd. (廣州牽晴匯房地產有限公司).
                        The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 21 October 2002 and expiring on 20 October 2042
                        for commercial uses.

 4   Beijing Jingtong Roosevelt Plaza, Beijing
                             67,546               0               576              108.7             4.75%            2,570.0           4.23%

     Brief Description: Beijing Jingtong Roosevelt Plaza, Beijing, completed in 2014, comprises
                        • Retail Floors from B1 to L6
                        • Basement Car Park
                        Number of Car Park Spaces: 576

     Title Details:     The registered owner of the Properties is 北京亞騰房地產經營管理有限公司.
                        The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 9 December 2010 and expiring on 8 December 2050
                        for commercial uses.




                                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements     187
Valuation Report




                                                                              Annual Net             Income
                                                                               Passing            Capitalisation     Value as at        Analysis
                            Retail GFA        Office GFA                        Income            Capitalisation   31 March 2020
 No. Properties               (sq m)            (sq m)       Car Park Spaces (RMB Million)             Rate        (RMB Million)       Initial Yield
 5    CentralWalk, Shenzhen
                              83,900               0                741              211.6            4.25%            6,610.0            3.20%

      Brief Description: CentralWalk, Shenzhen, completed in 2006, comprises
                         • Shopping Mall
                         • Basement Car Park
                         Number of Car Park Spaces: 741

      Title Details:     The Properties are registered under strata-title ownership of 344 Realty Title Certificates under the name of Baoyi Property
                         Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (保怡物業管理(深圳)有限公司).
                         The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 29 September 2002 and expiring on 28 September
                         2042 for commercial uses.


The above Schedule of Values is a summary of the Full Valuation Report, a comprehensive version (in English) of which is
available for inspection at the registered office of the Manager.




188   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
HKQAA Assurance Statement




VERIFICATION STATEMENT
Scope and Objective
Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (“HKQAA”) has been commissioned by Link Asset Management Limited (“LAML”) to
undertake an independent verification for the sustainability related contents stated in its 2019/2020 Strategic Report and
Sustainability Website (www.linkreit.com/en/sustainability/) (herein referred to as “the Report” and “Website” respectively).
The scope of this verification covered the sustainability performance data and information of LAML for the period of
1st April 2019 to 31st March 2020, as defined in the Report and Website. The Report and Website outlined LAML’s commitments,
efforts and the overall sustainability performance for 126 properties across Hong Kong and the energy performance of the
3 properties across Mainland China (EC Mall, Link Square and Metropolitan Plaza) which are owned by LAML.
The aim of this verification was to provide reasonable assurance on the completeness and accuracy of the information stated
in the Report and Website., as well as the conformity of the Report and Website to the International Integrated Reporting
Framework (“<IR> Framework”). The Report and Website have also been prepared in accordance with the Comprehensive
Option of the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards (“GRI Standards”), and the Environmental, Social
and Governance Reporting Guide (“ESG Guide”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
Level of Assurance and Methodology
The process applied in this verification was referenced to the International Standard on Assurance Engagement 3000 (ISAE
3000) – “Assurance Engagement Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” issued by the International
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. HKQAA’s verification procedure was designed for devising opinions and conclusions
to obtain a reasonable level of assurance. The extent of this verification process undertaken covered the criteria set in the
<IR> Framework, GRI Standards: Comprehensive Option and the ESG Guide.
The verification process included verifying the systems and processes implemented for collecting, collating and reporting the
sustainability performance data, reviewing relevant documentation, interviewing responsible personnel with accountability
for preparing the reporting contents and verifying selected representative sample of data and information. Raw data and
supporting evidence of the selected samples were also thoroughly examined during the verification process.
Independence
LAML was responsible for the collection and preparation of the information. HKQAA was not involved in calculating and
compiling the reporting data, or in the content development of the Report and Website. HKQAA’s verification activities were
entirely independent from LAML.
Conclusion
Based on the verification results and in accordance with the verification procedures undertaken, HKQAA has obtained
reasonable assurance and is of the opinion that:
• The Report and Website have been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: comprehensive option and the ESG
  Guide. The Report and Website also followed the <IR> Framework;
• The Report and Website illustrated the sustainability performance of LAML’s material aspects in a balanced, comparable,
  clear and timely manner; and
• The data and information disclosed in the Report and Website were reliable and complete.

In conclusion, the Report and Website reflected truthfully the sustainability commitments, policies and performance of LAML
and disclosed transparently the sustainability performance of the company that was commensurate with its sustainability
context and materiality.
Signed on behalf of Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency




Jorine Tam
Director, Corporate Business
May 2020



                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   189
GRI Content Index

GRI Standard Disclosure

                                 Disclosure Title                             References

 Universal Standards

 GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

 Organisational Profile

 102-1                           Name of the organization                     Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside front cover page

 102-2                           Activities, brands, products, and services   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside front cover page;
                                                                              Corporate Website 2019/2020, Our Business

 102-3                           Location of headquarters                     Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside back cover page

 102-4                           Location of operations                       Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, About Link; Corporate Website
                                                                              2019/2020, Our Business

 102-5                           Ownership and legal form                     Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                                              Statements, Regulation and Compliance

 102-6                           Markets served                               Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, About Link; Corporate Website
                                                                              2019/2020, Our Business

 102-7                           Scale of the organization                    Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, About Link; Sustainability
                                                                              Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance; Sustainability in
                                                                              Numbers, Data Table

 102-8                           Information on employees and other           Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance;
                                 workers                                      Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 102-9                           Supply chain                                 Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Stakeholder Engagement;
                                                                              Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance;
                                                                              How We Engage, Business Partners

 102-10                          Significant changes to the organization      No significant changes from previous reporting period.
                                 and its supply chain

 102-11                          Precautionary Principle or approach          Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chairman’s Statement;
                                                                              Operating Landscape; Risk Management

 102-12                          External initiatives                         Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chief Executive Officer’s
                                                                              Report; Corporate Website 2019/2020, Milestones & Awards; Community;
                                                                              Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Commitments and Signatories,
                                                                              Achievements

 102-13                          Membership of associations                   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Commitments and Signatories; Case
                                                                              Studies

 Strategy

 102-14                          Statement from senior decision-maker         Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chairman’s Statement; Chief
                                                                              Executive Officer’s Report

 102-15                          Key impacts, risks, and opportunities        Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chairman’s Statement; Chief
                                                                              Executive Officer’s Report; Risk Management

 Ethics and Integrity

 102-16                          Values, principles, standards, and norms     Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside from cover page;
                                 of behavior                                  Chairman’s Statement; Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements,
                                                                              Board Committee Reports

 102-17                          Mechanisms for advice and concerns           Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                 about ethics                                 Statements, A Well-Governed Business, Whistle-blowing and Anti-
                                                                              corruption; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                                                                              Procedures



190      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                               GRI Content Index




             Disclosure Title                           References

Governance

102-18       Governance structure                       Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                        Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Corporate Website 2019/2020,
                                                        Corporate Governance; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance,
                                                        Policies and Procedures

102-19       Delegating authority                       Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures

102-20       Executive-level responsibility for         Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures
             economic, environmental, and social
             topics

102-21       Consulting stakeholders on economic,       Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures;
             environmental, and social topics           CONNECTION

102-22       Composition of the highest governance      Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
             body and its committees                    Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Board Committee Reports;
                                                        Disclosures; Corporate Website 2019/2020, Corporate Governance;
                                                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures

102-23       Chair of the highest governance body       The Chairman of the Board is an independent non-executive director;
                                                        Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                        Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Corporate Website 2019/2020,
                                                        Leadership; Corporate Governance

102-24       Nominating and selecting the highest       Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
             governance body                            Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Corporate Website 2019/2020,
                                                        Leadership; Corporate Governance

102-25       Conflicts of interest                      Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                        Statements, A Well-Governed Business, Conflicts of Interest

102-26       Role of highest governance body in         Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
             setting purpose, values, and strategy      Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Corporate Website 2019/2020,
                                                        Corporate Governance; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance,
                                                        Policies and Procedures

102-27       Collective knowledge of highest            Sustainability updates are given to the Board; Sustainability Website
             governance body                            2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures

102-28       Evaluating the highest governance body’s Sustainability updates are given to the Board; Annual Report 2019/2020,
             performance                              Strategic Report, Culture of Excellence; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                                      Governance, Policies and Procedures

102-29       Identifying and managing economic,         Sustainability updates are given to the Board; Annual Report 2019/2020,
             environmental, and social impacts          Strategic Report, Risk Management; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                                        Governance, Policies and Procedures; How We Engage, Materiality

102-30       Effectiveness of risk management           Sustainability updates are given to the Board; Annual Report 2019/2020,
             processes                                  Strategic Report, Risk Management; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                                        Governance, Policies and Procedures; How We Engage, Materiality

102-31       Review of economic, environmental, and     Link’s Sustainability Committee meets quarterly per year to review
             social topics                              performance of material aspects.

102-32       Highest governance body’s role in          Link’s Sustainability Committee, chaired by our CEO, has overall
             sustainability reporting                   responsibility for overseeing our corporate sustainability strategy and
                                                        progress; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                                                        Procedures

102-33       Communicating critical concerns            Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                        Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Corporate Website 2019/2020,
                                                        Corporate Governance

102-34       Nature and total number of critical        There is no critical concern identified; Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic
             concerns                                   Report, Chairman’s Statement; Chief Executive Officer’s Report; Visionary
                                                        Creativity, Connecting Stakeholders

                                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements        191
GRI Content Index




                              Disclosure Title                          References

 102-35                       Remuneration policies                     Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                                        Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Our Remuneration Policy

 102-36                       Process for determining remuneration      Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                                        Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Our Remuneration Policy

 102-37                       Stakeholders’ involvement in              Link references market pay level on remuneration and regularly seeks
                              remuneration                              external independent consultants advice on remuneration matters;
                                                                        Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                                        Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Our Remuneration Policy

 102-38                       Annual total compensation ratio           Data to calculate mean compensation and compensation ratios are
                                                                        available in Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and
                                                                        Financial Statements, Consolidated Financial Statements

 102-39                       Percentage increase in annual total       Data to calculate mean compensation and compensation ratios are
                              compensation ratio                        available in Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and
                                                                        Financial Statements, Consolidated Financial Statements

 Stakeholder Engagement

 102-40                       List of stakeholder groups                Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Stakeholder Engagement;
                                                                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, How We Engage

 102-41                       Collective bargaining agreements          Our staffs are not covered by collective bargaining agreements.

 102-42                       Identifying and selecting stakeholders    Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Stakeholder Engagement;
                                                                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, How We Engage

 102-43                       Approach to stakeholder engagement        Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Stakeholder Engagement;
                                                                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, How We Engage

 102-44                       Key topics and concerns raised            Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Stakeholder Engagement;
                                                                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, How We Engage

 Reporting Practice

 102-45                       Entities included in the consolidated     Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                              financial statements                      Statements, Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 33;
                                                                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, About Our Reports

 102-46                       Defining report content and topic         Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, About Link; Sustainability
                              Boundaries                                Website 2019/2020, About Our Reports

 102-47                       List of material topics                   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside front cover page; Risk
                                                                        Management

 102-48                       Restatements of information               There are no restatements of information.

 102-49                       Changes in reporting                      There are no significant changes in reporting.

 102-50                       Reporting period                          Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside front cover page;
                                                                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, About Our Reports

 102-51                       Date of most recent report                21 June 2019

 102-52                       Reporting cycle                           Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside front cover page;
                                                                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, About Our Reports

 102-53                       Contact point for questions regarding the Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside back cover page
                              report

 102-54                       Claims of reporting in accordance with    Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                              the GRI Standards                         Statements, Inside front cover page; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                                                        About Our Reports

 102-55                       GRI content index                         Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                                        Statements, GRI Content Index; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, About
                                                                        Our Reports

 102-56                       External assurance                        Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                                        Statements, HKQAA Assurance Statement


192   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                              GRI Content Index




                           Disclosure Title                             References

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1                      Explanation of the material topic and its    Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Inside front cover page;
                           Boundary                                     Sustainability Website 2019/2020, About Our Reports

103-2                      The management approach and its              Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chairman’s Statement;
                           components                                   Chief Executive Officer’s Report; Corporate Website 2019/2020, Corporate
                                                                        Governance; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                                                                        Procedures

103-3                      Evaluation of the management approach        Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chairman’s Statement;
                                                                        Chief Executive Officer’s Report; Corporate Website 2019/2020, Corporate
                                                                        Governance; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                                                                        Procedures

Economic Standards

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016

201-1                      Direct economic value generated and          Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                           distributed                                  Statements, Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

201-2                      Financial implications and other risks and   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Risk Management;
                           opportunities due to climate change          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance

201-3                      Defined benefit plan obligations and         Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                           other retirement plans                       Statements, Long-term Incentive Schemes

201-4                      Financial assistance received from           Not applicable, no material financial assistance received from government.
                           government

GRI 202: Market Presence 2016

202-1                      Ratios of standard entry level wage by We comply with the minimum wage ordinance and exceed regulatory
                           gender compared to local minimum wage requirements of minimum wage legislation by offering out-sourced
                                                                  workers paid lunch break and rest days.

202-2                      Proportion of senior management hired        The majority of our senior management is drawn from the local
                           from the local community                     community.

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016

203-1                      Infrastructure investments and services      Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chairman’s Statement;
                           supported                                    Chief Executive Officer’s Report; Portfolio Growth; Vision 2025 In Action;
                                                                        Corporate Website 2019/2020, Our Business

203-2                      Significant indirect economic impacts        Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chairman’s Statement;
                                                                        Chief Executive Officer’s Report; Portfolio Growth; Vision 2025 In Action;
                                                                        Corporate Website 2019/2020, Our Business

GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016

204-1                      Proportion of spending on local suppliers    Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                                        Statements, Regulation and Compliance

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016

205-1                      Operations assessed for risks related to     Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                           corruption                                   Statements, A Well-Governed Business; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                                                        Governance, Policies and Procedures; Commitments and Signatories

205-2                      Communication and training about             Every Link’s employee is required to complete an anti-corruption online
                           anti-corruption policies and procedures      training after onboarding; Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance,
                                                                        Disclosures and Financial Statements, A Well-Governed Business,
                                                                        Whistle-blowing and Anti-corruption

205-3                      Confirmed incidents of corruption and        No incidents of corruption and actions have been taken.
                           actions taken




                                                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements        193
GRI Content Index




                                 Disclosure Title                         References

 GRI 206: Anti-competitive Behavior 2016

 206-1                           Legal actions for anti-competitive       No incidents of legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour have been
                                 behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly       identified.
                                 practices

 Environmental Standards

 GRI 301: Materials 2016

 301-1                           Materials used by weight or volume       N/A

 301-2                           Recycled input materials used            N/A

 301-3                           Reclaimed products and their packaging   N/A
                                 materials

 GRI 302: Energy 2016

 302-1                           Energy consumption within the            Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                 organization                             Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 302-2                           Energy consumption outside of the        Link does not have tenant energy or water data as they are billed directly
                                 organization                             from the service providers. However, we recognise the impact and
                                                                          influence Link has on helping tenants minimise their environmental
                                                                          footprints.

 302-3                           Energy intensity                         Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                          Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 302-4                           Reduction of energy consumption          Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, About Link; Sustainability
                                                                          Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance, Sustainability in
                                                                          Numbers, Data Table

 302-5                           Reductions in energy requirements of     There are no industry requirements for our service type, our energy
                                 products and services                    consumption is mainly for operational purposes at our properties.

 GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018

 303-1                           Interactions with water as a shared      Water usage is mainly for domestic use purposes at our properties, and our
                                 resource                                 operations do not produce hazardous waste or effluent streams;
                                                                          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance, Water
                                                                          Management

 303-2                           Management of water discharge-related    Water usage is mainly for domestic use purposes at our properties, and our
                                 impacts                                  operations do not produce hazardous waste or effluent streams;
                                                                          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance, Water
                                                                          Management

 303-3                           Water withdrawal                         Water usage is mainly for domestic use purposes at our properties, and our
                                                                          operations do not produce hazardous waste or effluent streams;
                                                                          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance, Water
                                                                          Management

 303-4                           Water discharge                          Water usage is mainly for domestic use purposes at our properties, and our
                                                                          operations do not produce hazardous waste or effluent streams;
                                                                          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance, Water
                                                                          Management

 303-5                           Water consumption                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                          Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table




194      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                 GRI Content Index




                             Disclosure Title                             References

GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016

304-1                        Operational sites owned, leased,             None of our operations sites are in or adjacent to protected areas and
                             managed in, or adjacent to, protected        areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas.
                             areas and areas of high biodiversity value
                             outside protected areas

304-2                        Significant impacts of activities, products, None of our operations have significant impacts of activities, products and
                             and services on biodiversity                 services on biodiversity, as we do not operate in or adjacent to protected
                                                                          areas.

304-3                        Habitats protected or restored               None of our operations sites are in or adjacent to protected areas and
                                                                          habitats that are protected or restored.

304-4                        IUCN Red List species and national           None of our operations sites are in or adjacent to protected areas.
                             conservation list species with habitats in
                             areas affected by operations

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

305-1                        Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions               Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                          Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

305-2                        Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions      Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                          Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

305-3                        Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions       Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                          Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

305-4                        GHG emissions intensity                      Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                          Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

305-5                        Reduction of GHG emissions                   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                          Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

305-6                        Emissions of ozone-depleting substances      Our business operation produces limited hazardous waste.
                             (ODS)

305-7                        Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides         Our business operation produces limited amounts of nitrogen oxides,
                             (SOX), and other significant air emissions   sulphur oxides and other significant air emissions.

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016

306-1                        Water discharge by quality and               Water usage is mainly for domestic use purposes at our properties, and our
                             destination                                  operations do not produce hazardous waste or effluent streams.

306-2                        Waste by type and disposal method            Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Visionary Creativity;
                                                                          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance, Waste
                                                                          Management

306-3                        Significant spills                           Our business operation did not have any significant spills.

306-4                        Transport of hazardous waste                 Our business operation produces limited hazardous waste.

306-5                        Water bodies affected by water               Our business operation affects limited water bodies due to water
                             discharges and/or runoff                     discharges and/or runoff.

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016

307-1                        Non-compliance with environmental laws We comply with environmental laws and regulations where we operate
                             and regulations                        and there were no significant fines for non-compliance; Sustainability
                                                                    Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016

308-1                        New suppliers that were screened using       We conducted regular compliance check with our suppliers and a violation
                             environmental criteria                       check for our Top 20 contractors annually; Sustainability Website
                                                                          2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures, Suppliers/Contractor’s
                                                                          Code of Conduct

308-2                        Negative environmental impacts in the        No significant negative environmental impacts in the supply chain.
                             supply chain and actions taken


                                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       195
GRI Content Index




                                 Disclosure Title                            References

 Social Standards

 GRI 401: Employment 2016

 401-1                           New employee hires and employee             Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                 turnover                                    Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 401-2                           Benefits provided to full-time employees    Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Culture of Excellence;
                                 that are not provided to temporary or       Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                 part-time employees                         Training, Skills & Development; How We Engage, Employees

 401-3                           Parental leave                              Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                             Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 2016

 402-1                           Minimum notice periods regarding            We notify our employees regarding any significant managerial or
                                 operational changes                         operational changes as soon as possible.

 GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018

 403-1                           Occupational health and safety              Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures,
                                 management system                           Occupational Health and Safety Policy; Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                             Health and Wellbeing

 403-2                           Hazard identification, risk assessment, and Regular meetings are held between OHS Team and our contractors; Annual
                                 incident investigation                      Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Risk Management; Sustainability
                                                                             Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures, Occupational
                                                                             Health and Safety Policy; Our Approach and Performance, Health and
                                                                             Wellbeing

 403-3                           Occupational health services                Regular meetings are held between OHS Team and our contractors;
                                                                             Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures,
                                                                             Occupational Health and Safety Policy; Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                             Health and Wellbeing

 403-4                           Worker participation, consultation, and     Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures,
                                 communication on occupational health        Occupational Health and Safety Policy; Our Approach and Performance,
                                 and safety                                  Health and Wellbeing; How We Engage, Business Partners

 403-5                           Worker training on occupational health      Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance, Health
                                 and safety                                  and Wellbeing

 403-6                           Promotion of worker health                  Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chief Executive Officer’s
                                                                             Report; Culture of Excellence; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our
                                                                             Approach and Performance, Health and Wellbeing

 403-7                           Prevention and mitigation of                Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Operating Landscape;
                                 occupational health and safety impacts      Visionary Creativity; Risk Management; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                 directly linked by business relationships   Our Approach and Performance, Health and Wellbeing

 403-8                           Workers covered by an occupational          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures,
                                 health and safety management system         Occupational Health and Safety Policy

 403-9                           Work-related injuries                       Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                             Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 403-10                          Work-related ill health                     Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                             Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

 404-1                           Average hours of training per year per      Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                 employee                                    Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 404-2                           Programs for upgrading employee skills      Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Culture of Excellence;
                                 and transition assistance programs          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, How We Engage, Employees

 404-3                           Percentage of employees receiving           All employees have regular performance and career development reviews.
                                 regular performance and career
                                 development reviews



196      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                                 GRI Content Index




                            Disclosure Title                              References

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016

405-1                       Diversity of governance bodies and            Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                            employees                                     Statements, Board Diversity; Strategic Report, Culture of Excellence;
                                                                          Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance,
                                                                          Sustainability in Numbers

405-2                       Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of     We provide equal opportunities and fair treatment for all employees when
                            women to men                                  it comes to remuneration, benefits, promotion and compensation. We
                                                                          consider this ratio not relevant to our entity.

GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016

406-1                       Incidents of discrimination and corrective    No incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken.
                            actions taken

GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016

407-1                       Operations and suppliers in which the         No operations and suppliers identified in which the right to exercise
                            right to freedom of association and           freedom of association and collective bargaining may be violated or at
                            collective bargaining may be at risk          significant risk.

GRI 408: Child Labor 2016

408-1                       Operations and suppliers at significant risk No incidents of child labour identified; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                            for incidents of child labor                 Commitments and Signatories

GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016

409-1                       Operations and suppliers at significant risk No operations and suppliers identified as facing significant risk for
                            for incidents of forced or compulsory        incidents of forced or compulsory labour; Sustainability Website
                            labor                                        2019/2020, Commitments and Signatories

GRI 410: Security Practices 2016

410-1                       Security personnel trained in human           100% of our security personnel was trained in the organisation’s human
                            rights policies or procedures                 rights policies and procedures relevant to our operations.

GRI 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016

411-1                       Incidents of violations involving rights of   No incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples.
                            indigenous peoples

GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment 2016

412-1                       Operations that have been subject to          None of our operations have been subjected to human rights reviews or
                            human rights reviews or impact                impact assessments; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Commitments and
                            assessments                                   Signatories

412-2                       Employee training on human rights             Every new employee is trained in human rights policies or procedures;
                            policies or procedures                        Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Commitments and Signatories

412-3                       Significant investment agreements and         Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures,
                            contracts that include human rights           Suppliers/Contractor’s Code of Conduct; Commitments and Signatories
                            clauses or that underwent human rights
                            screening

GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

413-1                       Operations with local community               Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                            engagement, impact assessments, and           Statements, Link Together Initiatives; Strategic Report, Visionary Creativity;
                            development programs                          Corporate Website 2019/2020, About Us, Community; Sustainability
                                                                          Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and Performance, Community
                                                                          Development; How We Engage, Communities

413-2                       Operations with significant actual and        None of our operations have significant actual and potential negative
                            potential negative impacts on local           impacts on local communities.
                            communities



                                                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements        197
GRI Content Index




                                 Disclosure Title                           References

 GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016

 414-1                           New suppliers that were screened using     We conducted regular compliance check with our suppliers and a violation
                                 social criteria                            check for our Top 20 contractors annually; Sustainability Website
                                                                            2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures, Suppliers/Contractor’s
                                                                            Code of Conduct

 414-2                           Negative social impacts in the supply      No significant negative social impacts in the supply chain or actions have
                                 chain and actions taken                    been taken.

 GRI 415: Public Policy 2016

 415-1                           Political contributions                    There were no political contributions by country and recipient/beneficiary
                                                                            in our operations.

 GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016

 416-1                           Assessment of the health and safety       We have an Incident Registry System in place to record the health and
                                 impacts of product and service categories safety issues in our operations, related updates will be provided to our Risk
                                                                           Management team on a monthly basis; We also have an online platform
                                                                           and procedures for the Property & Public Liability Claims Registration to
                                                                           handle insurance claims; Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Risk
                                                                           Management; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                                                                           Performance, Health and Wellbeing

 416-2                           Incidents of non-compliance concerning No incidents of non-compliance concerning health and safety impacts of
                                 the health and safety impacts of products products and services are identified.
                                 and services

 GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016

 417-1                           Requirements for product and service       Although we do not manufacture products, we ensure the environmental
                                 information and labeling                   and social impacts of our service provision are well communicated to our
                                                                            stakeholders.

 417-2                           Incidents of non-compliance concerning     No incidents of non-compliance identified.
                                 product and service information and
                                 labeling

 417-3                           Incidents of non-compliance concerning     No incidents of non-compliance identified.
                                 marketing communications

 GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016

 418-1                           Substantiated complaints concerning        Our Privacy Policy and Personal Information Collection Statement are in
                                 breaches of customer privacy and losses    accordance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance in Hong Kong, we
                                 of customer data                           are committed to protect personal data privacy; No incidents of
                                                                            substantiated complaints identified in relation to breaches of customer
                                                                            privacy and losses of customer data; Corporate Website 2019/2020, Privacy
                                                                            Policy; Personal Information Collection Statement

 GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

 419-1                           Non-compliance with laws and               No non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic
                                 regulations in the social and economic     area has been identified.
                                 area




198      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Index

Appendix 27

A. Environmental                                                          Recommended Disclosures

Aspect A1: Emissions

General Disclosure     Information on:                                ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                                                                          Procedures; Our Approach and Performance
                       (a) the policies; and

                       (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                           regulations that have a significant
                           impact on the issuer

                       relating to air and greenhouse gas
                       emissions, discharges into water and land,
                       and generation of hazardous and non-
                       hazardous waste.

                       Note: Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and
                             other pollutants regulated under
                             national laws and regulations.

                              Greenhouse gases include carbon
                              dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide,
                              hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons
                              and sulphur hexafluoride.

                              Hazardous wastes are those defined
                              by national regulations.

KPI A1.1               The types of emissions and respective          ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                       emissions data.                                    Performance, Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

KPI A1.2               Greenhouse gas emissions in total (in          ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                       tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity          Performance, Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table
                       (e.g. per unit of production volume, per
                       facility).

KPI A1.3               Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes)    N/A Our business operation produces limited hazardous waste;
                       and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per       Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                       unit of production volume, per facility).         Performance; Waste Management

KPI A1.4               Total non-hazardous waste produced (in         ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                       tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity          Performance, Waste Management
                       (e.g. per unit of production volume, per
                       facility).

KPI A1.5               Description of measures to mitigate            ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                       emissions and results achieved.                    Performance, Waste Management; Energy Management

KPI A1.6               Description of how hazardous and               ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                       non-hazardous wastes are handled,                  Performance, Waste Management
                       reduction initiatives and results achieved.




                                                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements     199
SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Index




 A. Environmental                                                                    Recommended Disclosures

 Aspect A2: Use of Resources

 General Disclosure           Policies on the efficient use of resources,        ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                              including energy, water and other raw                  Procedures
                              materials.

                              Note: Resources may be used in production,
                                    in storage, transportation, in
                                    buildings, electronic equipment, etc.

 KPI A2.1                     Direct and/or indirect energy consumption          ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                              by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total        Performance, Energy Management; Sustainability in Numbers,
                              (kWh in ‘000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of         Data Table
                              production volume, per facility).

 KPI A2.2                     Water consumption in total and intensity           ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                              (e.g. per unit of production volume, per               Performance, Water Management; Sustainability in Numbers,
                              facility).                                             Data Table

 KPI A2.3                     Description of energy use efficiency               ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                              initiatives and results achieved.                      Performance, Energy Management; Sustainability in Numbers

 KPI A2.4                     Description of whether there is any issue in      N/A Our water consumption is mainly for domestic uses, we did not
                              sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water         encounter any issue in sourcing water.
                              efficiency initiatives and results achieved.

 KPI A2.5                     Total packaging material used for finished        N/A We do not manufacture products.
                              products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with
                              reference to per unit produced.

 Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources

 General Disclosure           Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant    ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                              impact on the environment and natural                  Procedures
                              resources.

 KPI A3.1                     Description of the significant impacts of          ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Chief Executive
                              activities on the environment and natural              Officer’s Report
                              resources and the actions taken to manage
                              them.




200   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                         SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Index




B. Social                                                                     Recommended Disclosures

Employment and Labour Practices

Aspect B1: Employment

General Disclosure        Information on:                                 ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Culture of Excellence;
                                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements, Report of the
                          (a) the policies; and                               Remuneration Committee; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                                                              Governance, Policies and Procedures; Our Approach and
                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and               Performance
                              regulations that have a significant
                              impact on the issuer

                          relating to compensation and dismissal,
                          recruitment and promotion, working hours,
                          rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity,
                          anti-discrimination, and other benefits and
                          welfare.

KPI B1.1                  Total workforce by gender, employment           ✓   The majority of our workforce is from Hong Kong and Mainland
                          type, age group and geographical region.            China; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                                                                              Performance; Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

KPI B1.2                  Employee turnover rate by gender, age           ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Culture of Excellence;
                          group and geographical region.                      Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                                                                              Performance; Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

Aspect B2: Health and Safety

General Disclosure        Information on:                                 ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Culture of Excellence;
                                                                              Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                          (a) the policies; and                               Procedures, Occupational Health and Safety Policy; Our Approach
                                                                              and Performance, Health and Wellbeing
                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                              regulations that have a significant
                              impact on the issuer

                          relating to providing a safe working
                          environment and protecting employees
                          from occupational hazards.

KPI B2.1                  Number and rate of work-related fatalities.     ✓   We had zero work-related fatalities.

KPI B2.2                  Lost days due to work injury.                   ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                                                                              Performance; Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

KPI B2.3                  Description of occupational health and          ✓   Regular meetings are held between OHS Team and our
                          safety measures adopted, how they are               contractors; Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Business
                          implemented and monitored.                          as Mutual; Risk Management; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                                                              Our Approach and Performance, Health and Wellbeing

Aspect B3: Development and Training

General Disclosure        Policies on improving employees’                ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Culture of Excellence;
                          knowledge and skills for discharging duties         Sustainability Website 2019/2020, How We Engage, Employees
                          at work. Description of training activities.

                          Note: Training refers to vocational training.
                                It may include internal and external
                                courses paid by the employer.

KPI B3.1                  The percentage of employees trained by          ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                          gender and employee category (e.g. senior           Performance, Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table
                          management, middle management).

KPI B3.2                  The average training hours completed per        ✓   Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                          employee by gender and employee                     Performance, Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table
                          category.




                                                                                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      201
SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Index




 B. Social                                                                         Recommended Disclosures

 Aspect B4: Labour Standards

 General Disclosure           Information on:                                 ✓    Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                                                                                   Statements, United Nations Global Compact Index; Sustainability
                              (a) the policies; and                                Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures;
                                                                                   Commitments and Signatories
                              (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                                  regulations that have a significant
                                  impact on the issuer

                              relating to preventing child and forced
                              labour.

 KPI B4.1                     Description of measures to review               ✓    We comply with the Employment Ordinance in Hong Kong, and
                              employment practices to avoid child and              perform identity-check for employment; Link is a signatory of the
                              forced labour.                                       United Nations Global Compact and as such, has strict policies
                                                                                   against employing child and forced labour, which includes our
                                                                                   supply chain; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance,
                                                                                   Policies and Procedures; Commitments and Signatories

 KPI B4.2                     Description of steps taken to eliminate such    ✓    We comply with the Employment Ordinance in Hong Kong;
                              practices when discovered.                           Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                                                                                   Procedures; Commitments and Signatories

 Operating Practices

 Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

 General Disclosure           Policies on managing environmental and          ✓    Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Business as Mutual;
                              social risks of the supply chain.                    Risk Management; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance,
                                                                                   Policies and Procedures; How We Engage

 KPI B5.1                     Number of suppliers by geographical region.     ✓    The majority of our suppliers is based in Hong Kong and Mainland
                                                                                   China; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Our Approach and
                                                                                   Performance, Sustainability in Numbers, Data Table

 KPI B5.2                     Description of practices relating to engaging   ✓    Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and
                              suppliers, number of suppliers where the             Procedures; Our Approach and Performance, Materials and
                              practices are being implemented, how they            Supply Chain; How We Engage, Business Partners
                              are implemented and monitored.

 Aspect B6: Product Responsibility

 General Disclosure           Information on:                                 ✓    This section is not directly applicable to Link, we do not
                                                                                   manufacture products; Corporate Website 2019/2020, Privacy
                              (a) the policies; and                                Policy; Personal Information Collection Statement; Sustainability
                                                                                   Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures
                              (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                                  regulations that have a significant
                                  impact on the issuer

                              relating to health and safety, advertising,
                              labelling and privacy matters relating to
                              products and services provided and
                              methods of redress.

 KPI B6.1                     Percentage of total products sold or            N/A We do not manufacture products.
                              shipped subject to recalls for safety and
                              health reasons.

 KPI B6.2                     Number of products and service related          ✓    There were no substantiated complaints received.
                              complaints received and how they are dealt
                              with.




202   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                            SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Index




B. Social                                                                       Recommended Disclosures

KPI B6.3                     Description of practices relating to           ✓   Our Code of Conduct outlines our stance on the intellectual
                             observing and protecting intellectual              property rights, we respect the intellectual properties of others
                             property rights.                                   and are refrain from using without proper authorisation or
                                                                                licensing agreements; Sustainability Website 2019/2020,
                                                                                Governance, Policies and Procedures

KPI B6.4                     Description of quality assurance process and   ✓   We have a standard assessment on our vendor performance.
                             recall procedures.

KPI B6.5                     Description of consumer data protection        ✓   Our Privacy Policy and Personal Information Collection Statement
                             and privacy policies, how they are                 are in accordance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance in
                             implemented and monitored.                         Hong Kong, we are committed to protect personal data privacy;
                                                                                Corporate Website 2019/2020, Privacy Policy; Personal
                                                                                Information Collection Statement

Aspect B7: Anti-corruption

General Disclosure           Information on:                                ✓   Link has strict policy against bribery, extortion, fraud and
                                                                                money-laundering; Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance,
                             (a) the policies; and                              Disclosures and Financial Statements, Whistle-blowing and
                                                                                Anti-corruption; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, Governance,
                             (b) compliance with relevant laws and              Policies and Procedures
                                 regulations that have a significant
                                 impact on the issuer

                             relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and
                             money laundering.

KPI B7.1                     Number of concluded legal cases regarding      ✓   In 2019/2020, we had no legal cases regarding corrupt practices.
                             corrupt practices brought against the issuer
                             or its employees during the reporting period
                             and the outcomes of the cases.

KPI B7.2                     Description of preventive measures and         ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Governance, Disclosures and Financial
                             whistle-blowing procedures, how they are           Statements, Whistle-blowing and Anti-corruption; Sustainability
                             implemented and monitored.                         Website 2019/2020, Governance, Policies and Procedures

Community

Aspect B8: Community Investment

General Disclosure           Policies on community engagement to            ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Visionary Creativity;
                             understand the needs of the communities            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements, Link Together
                             where the issuer operates and to ensure its        Initiatives; Sustainability Website 2019/2020, How We Engage,
                             activities take into consideration the             Communities
                             communities’ interests.

KPI B8.1                     Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education,   ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Visionary Creativity;
                             environmental concerns, labour needs,              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements, Link Together
                             health, culture, sport).                           Initiatives; Corporate Website 2019/2020, Community

KPI B8.2                     Resources contributed (e.g. money or time)     ✓   Annual Report 2019/2020, Strategic Report, Visionary Creativity;
                             to the focus area.                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements, Link Together
                                                                                Initiatives; Corporate Website 2019/2020, Community




                                                                                        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements       203
United Nations Global Compact Index




United Nations Global Compact Index

The United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) is an international initiative outlining ten principles for responsible business in the
areas of human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption. The principles are derived from the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights, the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Rio
Declaration on Environment and Development, and the United Nations Convention Against Corruption.

In September 2012, we signed up to the UNGC to reaffirm our commitment to respect labour standards and human rights, to
operate in an environmentally responsible manner and to maintain zero tolerance towards corruption. Here we provide an
index to our performance demonstrating the Global Compact’s ten principles in our work. We are not in violation of any of the
ten principles.

 Human Rights

 Principle 1                          Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights; and

 Principle 2                          make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.

 Labour

 Principle 3                          Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective
                                      bargaining;

 Principle 4                          the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour;

 Principle 5                          the effective abolition of child labour; and

 Principle 6                          the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

 Environment

 Principle 7                          Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges;

 Principle 8                          undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and

 Principle 9                          encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.

 Anti-Corruption

 Principle 10                         Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.




204   Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Five Year Performance Summary

Financial Data

                                                                       Year ended        Year ended        Year ended      Year ended         Year ended
                                                                    31 March 2020     31 March 2019     31 March 2018    31 March 2017     31 March 2016
                                                                           HK$’M              HK$’M             HK$’M           HK$’M              HK$’M

 Consolidated income statement
 Revenue                                                                   10,718            10,037            10,023            9,255               8,740
 Property operating expenses                                               (2,498)           (2,348)           (2,360)          (2,261)           (2,227)

 Net property income                                                        8,220             7,689             7,663            6,994               6,513
 General and administrative expenses                                         (416)            (405)              (417)            (342)               (368)
 Change in fair values of investment properties                           (23,948)           12,269            35,493           11,494               11,263
 Gains on disposals of investment properties                                    –             2,761             7,306            1,387                 396
 Interest income                                                              183                85                19                4                   6
 Finance costs                                                               (630)            (598)             (665)             (567)               (508)
 (Loss)/profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders          (16,591)           21,801           49,399            18,970            17,302
 Taxation                                                                    (712)           (1,359)           (1,420)          (1,057)               (953)
 (Loss)/profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders         (17,303)          20,442             47,979            17,913           16,349
 Distributions paid to Unitholders                                         (5,930)           (5,517)           (5,254)          (4,898)           (4,368)

                                                                          (23,233)           14,925            42,725           13,015               11,981

 Represented by:
 Change in net assets attributable to Unitholders,
   excluding issues of new units and units bought back                    (24,835)           13,260           44,609            12,461            11,404
 Amount arising from exchange reserve and cash flow
  hedging reserve movements                                                 1,783             1,552            (2,102)             352                 523
 Non-controlling interest                                                     (181)             113               218              202                  54

                                                                          (23,233)           14,925           42,725            13,015               11,981

 Consolidated statement of distributions
 (Loss)/profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders
   attributable to Unitholders                                             (17,122)         20,329             47,761            17,711           16,295
 Adjustments:
 – Change in fair values of investment properties attributable
   to Unitholders                                                          23,831            (12,151)         (35,270)          (11,290)          (11,209)
 – Deferred taxation on change in fair values of investment
    properties attributable to Unitholders                                   (454)             250               368                73                  24
 – Change in fair values of derivative components of
   convertible bonds                                                         (157)                –                –                 –                   –
 – Change in fair values of financial instruments                            (276)               90                –                 –                   –
 – Gains on disposals of investment properties, net of
   transaction costs                                                            –            (2,761)           (7,306)           (1,312)              (375)
 – Depreciation and amortisation of real estate and related
   assets                                                                      41                 –                –                 –                   –
 – Other non-cash income                                                     (189)              (87)             (122)            (107)                (101)
 – Depreciation charge on investment properties under
    China Accounting Standards                                                  –                 –              (150)             (83)                (67)
 Discretionary distribution                                                   291                53              150                83                  67

 Total distributable amount                                                 5,965             5,723             5,431            5,075               4,634

 Distribution per unit (HK cents)
 Interim DPU                                                               141.47            130.62            121.50            111.75              98.99
 Final DPU                                                                 145.72            140.55            128.28           116.66               107.19

 Total DPU                                                                 287.19             271.17           249.78           228.41            206.18


                                                                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements      205
Five Year Performance Summary




Financial Data (Continued)

                                                                        As at               As at            As at             As at             As at
                                                                31 March 2020       31 March 2019    31 March 2018     31 March 2017     31 March 2016

 Assets and liabilities
 Investment properties                               HK$’M             193,224            218,496          203,091          174,006            160,672
 Other assets                                        HK$’M               14,395             8,441            13,313            1,934             2,780

 Total assets                                        HK$’M             207,619            226,937         216,404            175,940           163,452
 Total liabilities, excluding net assets
   attributable to Unitholders                       HK$’M              47,502              37,611          37,336            37,443             36,011
 Non-controlling interest                            HK$’M                 406                587              474              256                 54

 Net assets attributable to Unitholders              HK$’M              159,711           188,739          178,594           138,241           127,387

 Total borrowings to total assets                        %                 16.7               10.7             11.9              15.6              16.5
 Total liabilities to total assets                       %                 22.9               16.6             17.3              21.3             22.0


 Valuation of investment properties                  HK$’M             193,224            218,496          203,091          174,006            160,672
 Valuation capitalisation rate
 – Hong Kong
      – Retail                                           %           3.10 - 4.50       3.00 - 4.20      3.00 - 4.20       3.00 - 5.20       3.40 - 5.20
      – Carpark                                          %           3.10 - 5.30       3.50 - 4.80      3.50 - 4.80       3.80 - 5.70       3.80 - 6.00
      – Office                                           %                 3.00              N/A              N/A               N/A               N/A


 – Mainland China
      – Retail                                           %           4.25 - 4.75       4.25 - 4.75      4.50 - 4.75             4.50        4.50 - 5.00
      – Office                                           %                 4.25              4.25             4.25              4.25              4.00


 Net assets per unit attributable to Unitholders       HK$                77.61             89.48            83.06             62.47             56.79
 Closing price per unit                                HK$                65.70              91.80           67.00             54.45             46.00
 Market capitalisation                               HK$’M             135,204            193,636         144,054           120,498            103,185
 (Discount)/premium of unit price to net assets
   per unit attributable to Unitholders                  %                 (15.3)              2.6            (19.3)            (12.8)            (19.0)
 Units in issue                                                 2,057,898,386        2,109,321,254   2,150,058,972     2,213,002,276      2,243,148,136




206      Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2018/2019
                                                                                                                              Five Year Performance Summary




Portfolio Data

                                                                       Year ended           Year ended          Year ended          Year ended         Year ended
                                                                    31 March 2020        31 March 2019       31 March 2018        31 March 2017     31 March 2016

 Hong Kong Retail and Car Park Portfolio
 Average monthly unit rent at year end                 HK$ psf                70.3                68.0                62.4                 55.3               50.0
 Average monthly unit rent excluding self
   use office, Education/Welfare and
   Ancillary at year end                               HK$ psf                74.9                 72.5               66.7                 58.9               53.7
 Reversion rate
 – Shops                                                     %                 12.1                21.0                31.2                23.4               29.0
 – Overall                                                   %                 12.6                22.5                29.1                23.8               25.9
 Occupancy rate at year end                                  %                96.5                 97.1                97.0                96.1               96.0
 Net property income margin                                  %                 77.1                76.4               76.4                 75.3               74.6
 Number of turnover rent leases
   (excluding ancillary) at year end                                         4,423               4,380               4,463                4,927              5,250
 Car park income per space per month                       HK$               2,827                2,719              2,492                2,239              2,022


 Mainland China Portfolio
 Reversion rate
 – Retail                                                    %                29.6                 30.2               38.9                 32.6                   39.1
 – Office                                                    %                  7.1                23.8                13.3                10.8                   12.8


 Occupancy rate at year end
 – Retail                                                    %                97.8                 98.5               99.5                 99.6               99.5
 – Office                                                    %                97.4                 95.5                99.3               100.0              100.0


 Performance Data
 The highest premium of the traded
   price to net assets per unit
   attributable to Unitholders (Note (i))                  HK$                22.19                2.77               N/A                  N/A                N/A
 The highest discount of the traded
   price to net assets per unit
   attributable to Unitholders (Note (i))                  HK$               (14.21)             (23.68)            (28.86)               (17.37)            (16.29)
 Net yield per unit (Note (ii))                              %                 4.4                  3.0                 3.7                 4.2                   4.5
 Net yield per unit on listing price of
   HK$10.30 per unit                                         %                27.9                 26.3               24.3                 22.2               20.0

Notes:
(i) The highest premium and discount are calculated based on the highest and lowest traded prices of HK$99.80 (2019: HK$92.25) and HK$63.40 (2019:
    HK$65.80) respectively on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited during the year.
(ii) Net yield per unit is calculated based on distribution per unit for the year ended 31 March 2020 of HK287.19 cents (2019: HK271.17 cents) over the closing
     price as at 31 March 2020 of HK$65.70 (2019: HK$91.80).




                                                                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements              207
Investor Information

Listing of the Units
Link’s Units are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 823) in board lot size of 100 Units. The Board has
announced on 13 November 2019 the change of board lot size of the Units from 500 Units to 100 Units with effect from
9:00 a.m. on Thursday, 2 January 2020.
There were 2,057,898,386 Units in issue as at 31 March 2020. Further details of Units in issue are set out in Note 27 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Financial Calendar
 Final results announcement for the financial year ended 31 March 2020                                                                            1 June 2020

 Ex-final distribution date                                                                                                                     12 June 2020

 Closure of register of Unitholders (for final distribution)(1)                                                                      16 June to 18 June 2020
                                                                                                                                        (both days inclusive)

 Record date for final distribution                                                                                                             18 June 2020

 Announcement of distribution reinvestment scheme                                                                                               18 June 2020

 Despatch of distribution reinvestment scheme circular and related documents                                                                    26 June 2020

 Announcement of Unit price for scrip in lieu of a final cash distribution                                                                        7 July 2020

 Final date for scrip election   (2)
                                                                                                                                                 15 July 2020
                                                                                                                                     not later than 4:30 p.m.

 Closure of register of Unitholders (for the 2020 AGM)(3)                                                                              17 July to 22 July 2020
                                                                                                                                        (both days inclusive)

 2020 AGM                                                                                                                                        22 July 2020

 Final distribution payment date                                                                                                                 30 July 2020

 Interim results announcement for the six months ending 30 September 2020                                                                    November 2020

Notes:
(1) In order to qualify for the final distribution of HK145.72 cents per Unit for the year ended 31 March 2020, Unitholders should ensure that all transfer
    documents accompanied by the relevant unit certificates must be lodged with Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
    Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 15 June 2020.
(2) A distribution reinvestment scheme is made available to eligible Unitholders who may elect to receive the final distribution for the year ended 31 March
    2020 wholly in cash or wholly in new Units or a combination of both. For those Unitholders electing for scrip, the relevant election form must be
    returned to and reach Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (at the address above) not later than 4:30 p.m.
    on 15 July 2020. Unitholders should note that any election form arrived/received after the aforesaid deadline will be taken as invalid.
(3) In order for Unitholders to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2020 AGM, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant unit certificates must be
    lodged with Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (at the address above), for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on
    16 July 2020.




208    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                                  Investor Information




Financial reports, announcements, circulars, notices, other    Index Inclusion
corporate communications, press releases and other investor    Link is a component of the following selected indices:
information of Link are available online at Link’s corporate
website: Linkreit.com. To promote environmental protection,    Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index
we recommend you to view our publications online at our        FTSE4Good Index Series
corporate website instead of using printed copies.             FTSE Global Equity Index Series
                                                               FTSE Global Minimum Variance Index Series
Investor Relations Contact                                     FTSE EPRA(1) NAREIT(2) Index Series
Address:           20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,               FTSE RAFI Index Series
                   77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong,
                                                               GPR(3) 250 (World) Index
                   Kowloon, Hong Kong
                                                               GPR(3) 250 Asia Index
Telephone:         (852) 2175 1800
                                                               GPR(3) 250 Asia Pacific Index
Facsimile:         (852) 2175 1900
                                                               GPR(3) 250 Hong Kong Index
Email:             ir@linkreit.com
                                                               GPR(3) 250 REIT (World) Index
                                                               GPR(3) 250 REIT Asia Index
                                                               GPR(3) 250 REIT Asia Pacific Index
                                                               GPR(3) 250 REIT Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3) General (World) Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Asia Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Quoted (World) Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Quoted Asia Index
                                                               GPR(3) General Quoted Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3) Global 100 Index
                                                               GPR(3) IPCM LFFS Sustainable GRES Index
                                                               Hang Seng Index
                                                               Hang Seng REIT Index
                                                               Hang Seng Composite Index
                                                               Hang Seng HK 35
                                                               Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index
                                                               MSCI(4) All Country World Index
                                                               MSCI(4) All Country Asia Pacific ex-Japan Index
                                                               MSCI(4) World Index
                                                               MSCI(4) Hong Kong Index
                                                               MSCI(4) AC Asia Pacific Real Estate Index
                                                               MSCI(4) AC Asia ex Japan IMI REITS Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Composite Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Composite Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Composite REIT Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Composite REIT Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Investable 100 Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Investable 100 Hong Kong Index
                                                               GPR(3)/APREA(5) Investable REIT 100 Index




                                                               Notes:
                                                               (1) European Public Real Estate Association
                                                               (2) National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts
                                                               (3) Global Property Research
                                                               (4) Morgan Stanley Capital International
                                                               (5) Asia Pacific Real Estate Association

                                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   209
Definitions and Glossary

 2007 LTI Plan                            the long-term incentive plan of Link adopted by Unitholders on 23 July 2007 and expired on
                                          22 July 2017

 2017 LTI Scheme                          the long-term incentive scheme of Link adopted by the Board on 10 July 2017

 2019 AGM                                 the annual general meeting of Unitholders held on 24 July 2019

 2020 AGM                                 the annual general meeting of Unitholders scheduled to be held on 22 July 2020

 Articles                                 articles of association of the Manager

 AUM                                      asset under management

 average monthly unit rent                the average base rent plus management fee per month psf of leased area

 Award(s)                                 Restricted Unit Award(s), or Conditional Cash Award(s), or a combination of both granted
                                          under the 2017 LTI Scheme

 base rent                                in respect of a lease, the standard rent payable under the lease, exclusive of any additional
                                          turnover rent (if applicable) and other charges and reimbursements

 Board or Board of Directors              board of Directors of the Manager

 Chairman                                 Chairman of the Board (unless the context requires otherwise)

 Board Committees                         the committees of the Board to discharge the duties set out in their respective terms of
                                          reference as approved by the Board which, as at the date of this report, include the Audit
                                          and Risk Management Committee, the Finance and Investment Committee, the Nomination
                                          Committee and the Remuneration Committee, and “Board Committee” refers to any one
                                          of them

 CEO                                      Chief Executive Officer of the Manager

 CFO                                      Chief Financial Officer of the Manager

 China or Mainland China or               The People’s Republic of China and if the context requires, exclude Hong Kong
 PRC

 CLO                                      Chief Legal Officer of the Manager

 Compliance Manual                        the compliance manual of the Manager which sets out (among others) the key processes,
                                          systems and measures in respect of Link’s operations and the corporate governance policy
                                          of Link

 Conditional Cash Award(s)                conditional right to receive cash payment(s) granted to a participant in accordance with
                                          the rules of the 2017 LTI Scheme and the relevant grant letter(s)

 CSO                                      Chief Strategy Officer of the Manager

 Director(s)                              director(s) of the Manager

 DPU                                      distribution per Unit in respect of the total distributable amount of Link for a financial year/
                                          period

 ED(s)                                    Executive Director(s) of the Manager (unless the context requires otherwise)

 ESG                                      environmental, social and governance

 EUPP                                     employee unit purchase plan, pursuant to which an eligible employee who meets the
                                          prescribed criteria is entitled to subsidy from the Manager for purchasing, through an
                                          independent third party intermediary, Units in the open market in accordance with the
                                          rules of the plan

210    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
                                                                                                     Definitions and Glossary




GAV                            gross asset value (and as calculated in the manner set out in the Trust Deed)

GAV Cap                        10% of Link’s gross asset value (and as calculated in the manner set out in the Trust Deed)
                               as a cap to property development activities of Link under the REIT Code

Group                          Link and its subsidiaries (unless the context requires otherwise)

Hong Kong or HKSAR             Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

Hong Kong Stock Exchange or    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Exchange or SEHK

INED(s)                        Independent Non-Executive Director(s) of the Manager (unless the context requires
                               otherwise)

KPI(s)                         Key Performance Indicator(s)

KRI                            Key Risk Indicators

lease                          a lease or a tenancy agreement (both of which grant a possessionary interest) or a licence
                               (which merely constitutes an authority to do something) in respect of premises at the
                               properties granted to a tenant

like-for-like                  excluding any properties acquired, divested and/or newly operational (as applicable) during
                               the periods under analysis

Link or Link REIT              Link Real Estate Investment Trust

Link Corporate Governance      the corporate governance policy set out in the Compliance Manual
Policy

Link Securities Dealing Code   the code governing dealings in securities of Link by Directors and senior management of
                               the Manager

Listing Rules                  Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

Listing Rules Corporate        Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report contained in Appendix 14
Governance Code                to the Listing Rules

Long-term Incentive Schemes    2007 LTI Plan and 2017 LTI Scheme, and “Long-term Incentive Scheme” is any one of them

Manager                        Link Asset Management Limited, which is the manager of Link

market capitalisation          the market value of the REIT calculated by multiplying the number of units in issue by the
                               prevailing unit price quoted on the Stock Exchange

Maximum Cap                    25% of Link’s GAV as a cap to the total sum of: (i) Link’s aggregate development costs (has
                               the meaning ascribed to it in the Trust Deed); and (ii) the combined value of the Relevant
                               Investments together with other non-real estate assets of Link calculated in accordance
                               with the REIT Code

MTN                            note(s) issued or to be issued from time-to-time pursuant to the Guaranteed Euro Medium
                               Term Note Programme established by The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited (a wholly-
                               owned subsidiary of Link) in May 2009

NED                            Non-Executive Director of the Manager (unless the context requires otherwise)

NGO(s)                         Non-governmental organisation(s)



                                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements   211
Definitions and Glossary




 NPI                                      net property income, being total revenue less direct property related expenses

 occupancy rate                           the aggregated leased area as a percentage of total leasable area

 Principal Valuer                         the Principal Valuer (as defined in the REIT Code) of Link, which is currently Colliers
                                          International (Hong Kong) Limited

 psf                                      per square foot

 REIT(s)                                  real estate investment trust(s)

 REIT Code                                Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts issued by the SFC

 Relevant Investments                     the financial instruments permissible from time-to-time under the REIT Code for Link to
                                          invest in, including (without limitation): (i) securities listed on the Stock Exchange or other
                                          internationally recognised stock exchanges; (ii) unlisted debt securities; (iii) government
                                          and other public securities; and (iv) local or overseas property funds

 Restricted Unit Award(s)                 conditional right to receive Units granted to a participant in accordance with the rules of
                                          the 2017 LTI Scheme and the relevant grant letter

 reversion rate                           the percentage change in psf average unit rent between old and new leases on the same unit

 RMB                                      Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

 SFC                                      Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong

 SFO                                      Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

 SPV(s)                                   special purpose vehicle(s) (within the meaning of the REIT Code and the Trust Deed)

 sq ft                                    square feet

 TCFD                                     Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

 tenant                                   a lessee, a tenant or a licencee (as the case may be) under a lease

 total distributable amount               total distributable amount for a financial year/period is the total distributable income and
                                          any additional amount (including capital) that the Manager has determined to be
                                          distributable

 total distributable income               the consolidated profit after taxation attributable to Unitholders (equivalent to profit for
                                          the financial year/period, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to Unitholders)
                                          adjusted to eliminate the effect of certain non-cash adjustments

 Trust Deed                               the trust deed dated 6 September 2005 between the Trustee and the Manager constituting
                                          Link, as amended and supplemented by 13 supplemental deeds

 Trustee                                  trustee of Link, which is currently HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited

 turnover rent                            rent calculated and charged by reference to a pre-determined percentage of a tenant’s
                                          gross sales turnover in excess of the base rent

 Unit(s)                                  unit(s) of Link (unless the context requires otherwise)

 Unitholder(s)                            holder(s) of Unit(s) of Link

 yoy                                      year-on-year




212    Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2019/2020
Corporate Information

Board of Directors of the Manager                  Principal Valuer
Chairman                                           Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited(11)
Nicholas Charles ALLEN                             Jones Lang LaSalle Limited(12)
  (also an Independent Non-Executive Director)
                                                   Registered Office of the Manager
                                                   20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,
Executive Directors                                77 Hoi Bun Road,
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                          Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
  (Chief Executive Officer)                        Hong Kong
NG Kok Siong(1)
  (Chief Financial Officer)                        Town Office of the Manager
Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(2)                            Suite 3004, 30/F.,
  (Chief Operating Officer)                        9 Queen’s Road Central,
                                                   Hong Kong
Non-Executive Director
Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                                Unit Registrar and Transfer Office
                                                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Independent Non-Executive Directors                Shops 1712-1716, 17/F.,
Christopher John BROOKE                            Hopewell Centre,
Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Blair Chilton PICKERELL                            Telephone: (852) 2862 8555
Poh Lee TAN
May Siew Boi TAN                                   Media Enquiry Contact
Peter TSE Pak Wing                                 Address:                 20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,
Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                                          77 Hoi Bun Road,
Elaine Carole YOUNG                                                         Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
                                                                            Hong Kong
Company Secretary of the Manager                   Telephone:               (852) 2175 1800
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG    (3)(4)                     Facsimile:               (852) 2175 1938
Ricky CHAN Ming Tak(5)                             Email:                   mediarelations@linkreit.com


Responsible Officers of the Manager(6)             Customer Service Contact
                                                   Hotline:                 (852) 2122 9000
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
NG Kok Siong(7)
Eric YAU Siu Kei
                                                   Websites
Christine CHAN Suk Han                             Linkreit.com           (corporate website)
Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(8)                            Linkhk.com             (customer website)


Authorised Representatives(9)                      Mobile App
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY(10)
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG(3)
Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming(2)
Ricky CHAN Ming Tak(5)

Trustee
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited   Notes:
                                                   (1)   Appointed on 1 February 2020   (7) Appointed on 18 November 2019
Auditor                                            (2)   Resigned on 2 October 2019     (8) Resigned on 20 December 2019
PricewaterhouseCoopers                             (3)   Appointed on 28 August 2019    (9) Required by the Listing Rules
                                                   (4)   email: cosec@linkreit.com      (10) Appointed on 2 October 2019
                                                   (5)   Resigned on 28 August 2019     (11) Appointed on 17 November 2019
                                                   (6)   Required by the SFO            (12) Retired on 17 November 2019
Link Real Estate Investment Trust
Linkreit.com
